are all horrified by the barbaric attacks in Paris designed to slaughter innocent people and inspire terror. We stand with the French people and are all committed to redoubling our efforts to ensure we keep Americans safe and intensify our efforts to eradicate these evil, sinister forces that appear almost to be a different species. 
think through clearly where we are, what we have done, and what makes sense going forward to protect Americans and redouble our efforts against this enemy. We must not jump to conclusions and do something before it is carefully planned and analyzed. 
horror of 9/11, the killing of innocent Americans in the Twin Towers and the Pentagon, and but for the bravery of passengers on United Airlines flight 93, we might well have had our Capitol destroyed. 
9/11, but it is not clear our actions were thought out the way they should. We assembled a clumsy behemoth, the Department of Homeland Security, the largest department we have created since 1947. In retrospect, it is not clear that was the wisest course of action. Think about the excessive bureaucracy, charges of waste, fraud, and inefficiency in that department. Look at the clumsy response to Katrina. 
of the bipartisan legislation produced by the Committee on the Judiciary. Look at the vast, sprawling, shadowy intelligence network, so large nobody actually knows precisely how big it is. Remember, the failure of 9/11 to stop the attack was not for lack of intelligence. It was a failure to be able to use the knowledge we have. There is a danger at times of drowning in data. 
disastrous war in Iraq. The aftermath of that effort has done more to empower ISIS. It not only drew people to the movement, but we created a space where they can operate, grow, and lash out at us. 
Now we hear what can only be described as crazy talk in the Republican Presidential primaries not just about sealing the borders, but having a religious test for refugees fleeing terror. 
sneak across the borders, but exploited weaknesses in our visa system. Even in Europe, it appears that most of the people involved with the attack did not sneak in, hidden with Syrian refugees. They were actually people already in Europe, radicalized and moving freely about. 
angry, and determined to protect innocent people, to hunt down and eliminate these horrific threats. I just hope 
that we learn from our past mistakes about impulse and overreach that may not produce its intended results but, instead, may leave us with more problems and vulnerability. 
able to expose vast amounts of sensitive American data. Edward Snowden had been a private contractor who had worked for the government just a few months. 
environment does not tend to bring out the best in Congress. We need to be careful about getting this right, that we have the support of the American people, and that Congress in a really frustrating time in American politics takes the time and energy to craft effective action. Let’s try and get on the same page rather than a rapid response, which history shows is not necessarily the right response. 
Decidedly, turning our back on Syrian refugees is unAmerican, unpatriotic, and morally weak. Turning our back on an entire population due to broadbrush characterizations of those who practice a certain faith goes against our core values as a country. I think America is better than that. 
Seeking compassion for Syrian refugees can be done securely. The facts make that clear. A failure to do so would put us on the wrong side of history. It would be one of those mistakes we make under pressure and would only make us less safe rather than more. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1737, the Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act. 
Third District are already facing hardships from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rules. Those businesses that make, sell, finance, or service motor vehicles in my State are especially worried about the CFPB’s 2013 rulemaking affecting their industry. 
and push consumers out of the marketplace entirely. It should be consumers, not government bureaucrats, deciding what works best for them. 
rule and replace it with commonsense guidance for transactions related to indirect auto financing. The bill would give consumers, especially those with low and moderate incomes, a chance to receive the best financing options available for them to purchase a new auto vehicle. 
and hope we can continue to work in a bipartisan fashion to reform CFPB rulemaking. REACTING TO THE TERRORIST 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
are shocked, horrified, and deeply saddened by the news coming from Paris. As a member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, I know there is much to fear, both for our allies and for us. 
ally France last Friday, I urge my colleagues to keep a cool head and not to react exactly the way that ISIS and other terrorists hope we do, with fear, with chaos, and with lashing out. But, sadly, that is what we have already seen Republican Governors, elected leaders, candidates, and media figures do. 
a thing or two about opportunism. Maybe it is too much to resist when you are one of 15 candidates for President of the United States. Politicians, pundits, and celebrities will be tempted to say whatever they can to get the news cameras pointed at them. 
State, could not resist saying our State was closed to Syrians fleeing the terror of ISIS and the Assad regime. The Governor of Louisiana, the son of immigrants, running for President of the United States, a nation of immigrants, said ‘‘no’’ to refugees. The Governors of a dozen other States did so, too. A Senator whose parents came as refugees from Cuba fleeing there has said ‘‘no,’’ too. 
precisely the kind of reaction ISIS wanted. ISIS could not have written a better script. The free people of the world are turning their backs on people seeking safety and freedom. When we sent Jews back to Germany and when we sent Japanese to internment camps, we regretted it, and we will regret this as well. 
that refugees seeking safety in the strongest nation in the world must first pass a test to prove they are from an acceptable religion. In the United States of America they said this. In the 21st century. An acceptable religion in America. 
Now, of course, the Governors of Illinois, Texas, and Louisiana, and most of the other States that are scared of ISIS, are Republican. Because it is a Federal matter, they are overstepping their powers with executive orders because they cannot actually stop refugees from resettling in their States, and they know it. How sad. 
agencies not to assist people fleeing terror. We are a better country than that. 
leaders become, we must not abandon our commitment to being a nation 
does not fear or shy away from any challenge. It is our commitment to religious equality and the freedom to worship as we please that has made us a great nation. And this is no time to abandon that tradition. 
Our bravery, the bravery of our military, and the bravery of our commitment to freedom and equality have shown for almost 250 years what American exceptionalism is truly all about. 
It is not the time to lose sight of ourselves and say America is too weak, that America cannot handle 20,000 or 200,000 refugees fleeing for their lives. It is not the time for America to consider raising the white flag and say to those waving the black flag: ‘‘Yes, ISIS, you are right. We dislike and fear Muslims, and we do not care if you perish or not.’’ 
much to see it abandon core principles and values because religious extremists commit acts of terror designed precisely to terrorize us. 
On Thursday, the Immigration Subcommittee will hold a hearing on refugees from Syria and the Middle East, as well it should, but you can already imagine what we will hear. Republicans will most likely raise fears that Muslim terrorists disguised as refugees would somehow pass exhaustive criminal background checks because they have been lying in wait in those camps overseas for years on the slim chance they could do damage to America. They will raise suspicions, instill fear of Muslims, maybe even fear of a President they have been saying is a Muslim, and it will probably be a pretty sad display. 
Let us as legislators, leaders, and patriots rise above petty politics, rise above sectarian fears, and rise above the underlying layer of xenophobia that often surfaces in this country at moments like this throughout our history. And let us maintain America’s commitment to being a beacon of hope for those fleeing oppression, violence, and intolerance. 
A haven for the religiously persecuted, whether they are Buddhists from Tibet, Christians from Iran, or pilgrims from Europe, is who we are. We are a nation that lives by the motto: ‘‘Out of many, one.’’ We will not run in fear from that motto today or any day. This is America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for 5 minutes. 
Californian, I know full well that we are suffering from a record drought; but what we already know is that California officials pushing the State’s highspeed rail proposal won’t be deterred by skyrocketing costs, an absence of private investment, or the $55 million—and growing—funding gap. 
What we didn’t know was the extent of secrecy and mismanagement taxpayers would face at the hands of State officials pushing this project. 
2013 the agency’s main contractor projected that the first phase’s costs had risen 31 percent. This information was concealed by the HighSpeed Rail Authority and only released 2 years later after pressure from Congress. 
While the lack of transparency is unacceptable, especially given that taxpayers are ultimately on the hook for this project, the fundamental issue here is that the entire project is a ruse—in literal terms, a train wreck— in that State officials knew this for some time and that those same officials hid this from the public. 
mile system that would link Sacramento, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and San Diego, cost about $34 billion, and would have less than onethird of the costs paid by the State through its taxpayers. The system was promised to travel from San Francisco to Los Angeles in under 2 hours and 40 minutes. 
had shot up from $34 billion to $100 billion, the plan was reduced to only L.A. to San Francisco, and the State was quick to grab billions of—unknown at the time—Federal stimulus that came along later, funding that could have been used for critical needs like roads or water infrastructure that California needs so desperately, as well as now shifting capandtrade dollars recently created to try and prop up highspeed rail and its deficient budget dollars. 
first bill I introduced was one that would require them to come up with the ultimate full plan of the cost of doing highspeed rail. Having not succeeded in getting that through a majority that still liked it as it was, my next legislation was to say, now that we know this is over $100 billion, let’s put this back on the ballot and in front of the voters, since the price has tripled and they were deceived at what it would cost at the time. That, too, met defeat, as those in the majority still wished to continue this boondoggle. 
has fallen to $68 billion for what would be an illegal system, based on what the voters passed under Prop 1A. However, the estimate ignores the costs of tunneling through the Tehachapi Mountains, ignores cost spikes in the initial construction segment, and ignores the rising costs of lands acquisition due to people having to fight because they are having their homes, their farms, and their small businesses paved over by this project. 
from low ticket prices to questionable job figures, including the fact that they were claiming there would be a million new jobs from highspeed rail. When we pinned them down in committee a little bit later, they said, well, that would mean a million jobyears. 
That number has since been pared down. All these have been proven false. In fact, these claims are so misleading that a State court has forbidden the legislature from writing ballot measure descriptions. 
to residents in my weekly enewsletter to constituents in California’s First District, my own district, asking them to share their thoughts on highspeed rail as it is now. I listed a number of suggested actions we could take on highspeed rail, from leaving it as is to defunding it, and asked which best represents our constituents’ position on the project now. 
Of the nearly 1,600 answers we received, their views are pretty clear. Nearly half of them said they thought funding for highspeed rail should be redirected to invest in water storage and water infrastructure to help our State right now in this drought. 
should subpoena the cost documents and require HighSpeed Rail Authority officials to testify why the figures were concealed. Approximately 18 percent thought California’s highspeed rail should undergo Federal investigation in response to these allegations, given that the project involves the use of Federal funds. A scant 7 percent thought we should keep going forward with highspeed rail and believed the current price tag is a worthwhile investment of public funds. Lastly, 4 percent supported investing in highspeed rail, provided the project stayed within the old constraints, the old prices—the ones they saw on the ballot. So, at best, you see 11 percent that might support highspeed rail and 4 percent that might under the old price, which is nowhere near what was projected. 
trust those advocating for it, and they deserve better than to see their own tax dollars used to lie to them. No new Federal dollars will come from here to help this project be propped up anymore. 
It is time we start prioritizing funding for projects that actually address real problems facing California, such as the current drought. It is time to apply common sense to this situation. We have a State whose economy depends on a sound water supply, yet in the midst of a historic drought, we are still chasing this highspeed rail boondoggle. 
Rather than throwing billions of dollars away, let’s get to what people demand and will help our economy and the people of California. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
the average American wants to learn about a policy, where do they turn for 
24hour news cycle, often filled by talking heads and sensationalism; or, to social media and message boards, where anyone can post anything—credible or completely misinformed. 
being informed by the likes of Walter Cronkite and Edward Murrow, and it is making our public debate increasingly partisan, polarized, and misinformed. 
that there is a way Congress can help elevate the debate and educate our constituents with neutral, unbiased, nonpartisan information from the Congressional Research Service, or CRS. 
Congress’ publicly funded think tank. Because they serve policymakers on both sides of the aisle, CRS researchers produce exemplary work that is accurate, nonpartisan, and easy to understand. 
over $100 million from taxpayers each year, its reports are not made available to the public. Instead, constituents must request individual reports through a congressional office. This has led to several undesirable consequences. 
easiest access to these reports, unlike the average American. Second, while nonprofits make some reports available online, there is no guarantee that they will remain available and upto date. And most outrageously, a small industry has sprung up reselling these reports for exorbitant fees. In other words, businesses are making a profit by selling publicly funded work, work that ultimately belongs to the people. 
Congress and beltway insiders is selfish and indefensible. I understand that allowing the public to access these reports will not answer all the questions constituents have about the work that happens on Capitol Hill, but it underscores the broader need for increased transparency in Congress and government. 
reached historic lows, causing too many Americans to simply give up on Washington and the mission of government. The best way to rebuild the public’s trust and promote a more efficient and effective government is by furthering government accountability through increased transparency. 
It is time to recognize that educators, students, media, and everyday citizens deserve access to CRS reports and that this access gives our constituents vital information about the issues, policies, and budgets we are debating here in Congress. 
I introduced H. Res. 34, which directs the Clerk of the House of Representatives to maintain a centralized public database for nonconfidential CRS reports. This resolution gives the public tools to cut through the misinformation they face, gives them access to something they are already paying for, 
and empowers the American people to hold Congress accountable for the decisions we make. 
transparent government may seem modest to some, but, in reality, they have a huge impact on how government serves the people. The mission of government matters, and if we are truly here to serve the people, then we owe it to them to operate in an open and transparent manner. 
we are basing our decisions on. I urge my colleagues to stand up for transparency and accountability by supporting H. Res. 34. Information is power, and that is exactly what the American people deserve. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the efforts of the Susquehanna Economic Development Association’s Council of Governments, otherwise known as SEDA–COG, in working to expand the availability of natural gas in areas across central Pennsylvania. 
produced right here in the United States of America, but it is also economical and versatile, with uses that range from home heating to cooking and drying clothes. 
largest natural gas reserves in the Nation, many areas of the State are unserved or underserved by natural gas providers. Converting to natural gas can lead to big savings for consumers who currently rely on other home heating fuels such as propane and oil. 
COG’s $160,000 pilot project will provide natural gas to these areas in order to attract manufacturers and to give homeowners the option to connect. To do that, this organization has joined with gas suppliers such as UGI Utilities and Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania, starting with at least three projects in central Pennsylvania that will expand natural gas access to hundreds of potential users. 
the sustainability of delivering natural gas through ‘‘virtual pipelines,’’ where compressed gas would be delivered by a truck to be used by large commercial businesses located nearby. 
that they could expand this model to fuel users connected by a small pipeline network, including residential areas such as housing developments. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend the innovative spirit of SEDA–COG and its partners, and I look forward to learning more about how these projects could benefit other areas of Pennsylvania. 130TH ANNIVERSARY OF DUBOIS BUSINESS  
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 130th anniversary of the DuBois Business College, which has several campuses located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. 
local businessman who recognized a need for skilled businessowners, operators, and employees. The school’s original location was once known as the largest building in America devoted exclusively to commercial education. 
Business College has expanded not just to a new location in DuBois, but also to include branch campus locations in Oil City, Philipsburg, and Huntingdon. 
of more than 400 and offers a variety of associate’s degree and diploma programs, all of which can be completed in less than 2 years. This provides a quick transition for students into the workforce. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to welcome administrators and students from DuBois Business College to Capitol Hill today. I look forward to congratulating them in person, and I wish them well in their continued success. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today is Restoration Tuesday. I rise today to support voting rights for all Americans. 
I was proud to stand alongside Members who support the restoration of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 recently and to launch the #restorethevote legislative strategy. This national effort will help mobilize support for H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, a bill that I sponsored with Representatives JUDY CHU and L INDA 
oversight to jurisdictions who have a recent history of voter suppression. 
every Tuesday that Congress is in session, like today, we will declare it to be Restoration Tuesday. So today I am speaking on the floor of the House of Representatives on the need to restore the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
Our call for restoring the VRA is urgent, Mr. Speaker. As our colleague JOHNLEWIS so eloquently says, there is 
no other work more important in this or any Congress than protecting the full access of all Americans to the democratic process. 
If we do not act, the 2016 election will 
be the first Presidential election in 50 years without the protections offered to millions of voters by the Voting Rights Act of 1965. We must act now. 
from both sides of the aisle, my Republican and my Democratic colleagues, to 
join me on Tuesdays and speak in support of the Voting Rights Act and to sign onto the Voting Rights Restoration and Advancement Act of 2015, which restores key components of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
restore key components of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The bill will provide more protection to more people in more States. It is about broadening, expanding, advancing the Voting Rights Act. 
Nothing is more American than voting. So every Tuesday Congress is in session we will be wearing the #restorethevote pin. The red, white, and blue pin is a symbol of our unwavering commitment to restoring the voices of the excluded, ending discriminatory practices, and providing transparency in the voting process. 
Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law. His voice and his words still resonate today. The vote, he said, is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice. 
pivotal in preventing voter discrimination and preventing it from occurring across the United States. The act gave millions of African Americans a voice, a voice that has been heard throughout our Nation for nearly 50 years. 
Act will expand that not just to African American voters, but to all voters. That is exactly what we should be about. We should be about expanding voting rights opportunities so that all Americans are protected. 
am painfully aware that the injustices suffered on the Edmund Pettus Bridge 50 years ago have not been fully vindicated. As States across the country are passing laws to restrict access to the ballot box, we are ever mindful that old battles have indeed become new again. 
Alabama, for example, to close 31 DMV offices in majority Black counties in spite of Alabama’s photo ID law is just one example of a modernday barrier to voting. 
challenge in the Shelby decision. It didn’t say that preclearance was unconstitutional. Rather, it said: Congress, come up with a modernday formula to address modernday barriers to voting. 
DMV offices closing when indeed the State requires a photo ID and a driver’s license is the most popular form of ID is one example. 
These counties that were discriminated against by this recent law in Alabama were the very counties where foot soldiers and activists like Jimmie Lee Jackson and Jonathan Daniels died for the opportunity and the right for others to vote. If Federal preclearance provisions were still in effect, these DMV closings would not have occurred. To restrict the ability of any American to vote is an assault on all Americans’ equal participation in our electoral process. No one benefits when American voices are silenced at the polls. 
like the States of California and Oregon, two States that are now automatically registering citizens who request a driver’s license to actually vote. 
Tuesday, I am asking all of my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act, and I am asking all Americans to join us in our efforts for #restorethevote and #restorationtuesday. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms. Wanda Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for 5 minutes. 
today to recognize the opening of the Manhattan Project National Historical Park, a significant part of which is in my Congressional District in the State of Washington. 
at the Hanford nuclear site have come to fruition with the dedication of the historic B Reactor as a part of this national park. The B Reactor was the world’s first fullscale plutonium production reactor, helping our country end World War II and the cold war. 
The new park will highlight the sacrifices and the contributions of thousands of workers who built the facility and the scientists whose groundbreaking research played a critical role in the Manhattan Project. 
the site since 2009, and the park will attract thousands more to learn about our region’s history. The park will provide future generations with a unique educational experience. 
I applaud the efforts of the community who has worked for years to make this national park a reality. I will continue to support the opening of additional sites for public access in order to preserve and tell the story of Hanford. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) for 5 minutes. 
people of France and the people of the United States have shared a common bond of liberty and equality for over 
200 years. In the face of the recent terrorist attacks in Paris, that bond brings us now even closer in unity and in solidarity. 
they mourn. We stand with the friends and families of those who were killed, like Nohemi Gonzalez, a young California State University, Long Beach, student studying abroad in Paris. 
Long Beach, family in their mourning. Nohemi’s death is a very personal loss for each and every one of us. It tears at the very bonds of fraternity that embrace every member of our Cal State, Long Beach, family and the Long Beach community. 
a mentor. Just 23 years of age, she was a vibrant student and what those who knew her have called ‘‘a shining star.’’ 
Nohemi committed herself to learning. She traveled across the globe to express and to explore her talents, her creativity, and the world. Now all that seems broken. 
also grieve for all the victims in Paris. We grieve for their families, their friends, and all their loved ones. We grieve for each and every one of them. 
family. As a family, we mourn Nohemi Gonzalez, our shining star. But in our mourning, let us remember something very, very important. 
though Paris was the target. This was not an attack on the French people, though the French people were the target. This was an attack on what unites us, our shared humanity and our shared values of liberty. 
will find the strength to stand strong in the face of senseless violence because, in the end, humanity that unites us is what frightens those who would do us harm. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. YODER ) for 5 minutes. 
and her allies are under attack by Islamic extremism. The despicable act of terrorism the world witnessed over the weekend in Paris, France, serves as a stark reminder that the threat posed by ISIS knows no borders. 
at least one of the Paris attackers linked to ISIS was admitted into Europe as a refugee from Syria. Nevertheless, the administration has made it clear that, in spite of this, it will continue to seek to bring up to 10,000 Syrian refugees to America in the coming year. 
places the interests of other nations ahead of the safety and security of the American people. Because we are unable to verify whether the next 
halt the flow of any refugees into the United States from Syria. 
Mr. Speaker, in light of these attacks, now is not the time to open our borders to refugees from countries who wish to do our citizens harm. Congress stands ready to legislate or use the power of the purse should this administration refuse to change course on this misguided policy. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) for 5 minutes. 
today to honor retired U.S. Army Master Sergeant Jack C. Harlan, who received the Military Order of the Purple Heart on Veterans Day last week in Peoria, Illinois. 
the lapel of Master Sergeant Harlan’s dress blues in front of hundreds of spectators and veterans gathered at Peoria’s World War I and World War II memorial. 
honor our servicemen and women, this year brought a special opportunity to witness Master Sergeant Harlan receive his distinguished medal. It had been approved recently by John McHugh, our Secretary of the Army. 
of service to our Nation, carrying out tours in Afghanistan and Iraq. While on deployment for Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2007, a vehicle carrying Master Sergeant Harlan and a small transition team on combat control was suddenly struck by an IED. 
from the blast and suffered concussive injuries from the attack. 
Harlan is a son of central Illinois and has served our country with valor. He has since been honorably discharged from the United States Army and has returned home to help serve his fellow veterans. We honor him with this Purple Heart. 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND HONORING THE MEMORY OF GUNNERY SERGEANT HENRY ‘‘HANK’’ GREEN 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
to celebrate the life and honor the memory of Gunnery Sergeant Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Green. Hank passed away on November 5 at the age of 95. 
first marines to land on Guadalcanal as a member of the First Marine Raider Battalion known as Edson’s Raiders. He was recognized for his bravery during the battle known as Bloody Ridge 
in September 1942 when he took over a machine gun where his closest friend had lost his life. Hank then laid siege throughout the night firing at, in his words, ‘‘anything that moved.’’ 
Hank was wounded three times, and he was eventually awarded the Purple Heart. 
three more locations near the Solomon Islands before being discharged as a gunnery sergeant in 1946. 
Hank worked with his fatherinlaw at H&H Auto Parts in Canton, Ohio, where he grew the business into two very successful locations. In 2002, Hank retired to Florida, first moving to Fort Myers and then making his final home in St. Petersburg. 
and wellrespected man who had an infectious love of baseball. He served his country with distinction, made a lasting impact on his community, and will be sorely missed by the lives he touched. 
friends. And may God bless the country Hank so proudly fought for: the United States of America. 
FAIRNESS TO VETERANS FOR INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) for 5 
today to express my strong opposition to H.R. 1694, which was debated by this House under the suspension of the rules yesterday. 
H.R. 1694 purports to be about fairness to veterans. Well, Mr. Speaker, there is nothing fair about pitting veterans against women and minority owned businesses for an already meager goal of 10 percent of Federal highway and transit construction contracts. 
wanted to create a new veterans preference system at the Department of Transportation, he would have worked with Mr. CUMMINGS and Ms. N ORTON  
when offered the opportunity to do so over a year ago. If my colleague really wanted to create a new veterans preference system, he would have cosponsored legislation to establish a specific and separate contracting goal for veteranowned small businesses through the creation of a veteranowned business enterprise program. 
has done neither. Instead, he chose to put forth legislation that threatens to inflict irreparable harm on the entire Disadvantaged Business Enterprise program by opening it up to additional legal challenges and undermining its core purpose. The DBE program was created by Congress to combat discrimination against minority and 
womenowned small businesses. It is and must remain narrowly tailored to serve a compelling governmental interest in order to withstand the Supreme Court’s test of strict scrutiny. 
goal of helping veterans and, more specifically, helping veteranowned businesses compete for Federal highway and transit construction contracts, I reject the notion that the best way to do so is by undermining the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise program. 
game. We do not need to pit these two constituencies—both of whom continue to suffer through disproportionately high unemployment rates—against each other. We can and should help both veteran and disadvantaged businesses succeed. 
CUMMINGS , NORTON , BROWN , and B USTOS  
in sponsoring H.R. 3997, legislation that would create a new veteranowned business enterprise program at the Department of Transportation that is wholly separate and apart from the existing DBE program. It is the better and more direct way of helping veteranowned businesses compete for Department of Transportation contracts, and it does so without harming the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise program. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
regather, we ask that they be endowed by Your spirit with wisdom and purpose to address the issues facing our Nation. There is great disagreement about what we are called to in these days, when perhaps the greatest need is a sense of unified focus. Help them to leave behind rancorous accusation so that the dangers that threaten us all can be responsibly addressed together. 
of France, Lebanon, Nigeria, and so many other nations coping with the horrific aftermath of terrorist attacks 
work furiously to meet the needs of those most impacted by these events, and bless those who mourn the loss of loved ones. 
And finally, as all such serious matters press upon us, engender in us thankful hearts for the blessings we have enjoyed and which we possess today. 
May all that is done this day be for 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B ROOKS ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Minnesota lost a leader, a philanthropist, and a pillar in the community with the passing of Bruce Dayton this past week. Many will remember Bruce for his role in taking the familyowned Dayton’s Department Store public and turning it into Target, the major brand that we know today, but there were many more sides to Bruce. 
For one, Bruce was a longtime patron of the arts, donating more than $80 million and 2,000 works of art to the Minneapolis Institute of Art. I had the opportunity and privilege of serving as a trustee with Bruce at the Institute, where I saw his legacy of generosity. He also donated land to conservation efforts in our State. Bruce’s civic mindedness and business visions are reasons why the Minneapolis Star Tribune said he helped ‘‘build a modern Minnesota.’’ 
Dayton is a loss for all of Minnesota, and I offer my condolences to Governor Dayton and everyone in the Dayton family. SOLAR INVESTMENT TAX CREDIT 
Congress passed the solar investment tax credit in 2005, solar installations have grown by 1,600 percent, Americans have invested $72 billion in solar, and 8,000 businesses in all 50 States have created 160,000 jobs in the solar industry. 
is due to the investment tax credit, which is scheduled to expire at the end of next year. If the investment tax credit expires, the solar industry could see a 71 percent decline, needlessly costing the American economy 100,000 jobs. 
the market. Consumers need confidence in the tax policy before they decide whether to make an investment into the solar industry. I ask my colleagues to join me in urging the Ways and Means Committee to expeditiously prioritize a longterm extension of this critical, jobcreating tax incentive. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, the recent terrorist attacks in Paris are a stark reminder that we cannot risk the safety of our country. 
Wolf to suspend the Commonwealth’s participation in the President’s Syrian refugee resettlement initiative. The administration has not provided any details of a thorough screening plan to thwart ISIS infiltration. 
Intelligence, the Director of the FBI, and the Secretary of Homeland Security have told Congress they cannot properly screen refugees coming from Syria and the surrounding regions for national security threats. 
Americans from those who seek to take advantage of our generosity at the expense of innocent lives. 
pushing to make America the home for tens of thousands of refugees. We have 50,000 homeless veterans within the USA and 1,500 in Pennsylvania. If we want to welcome someone home, let’s start instead with our homeless veterans. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of Small Business Saturday. Small Business Saturday takes place every year the Saturday 
after Thanksgiving. This event is an opportunity for Americans to reinvest in our communities by supporting our local businesses. Small businesses are the lifeblood of our local economies and a key to unlocking the American Dream. 
know the value that small businesses bring to our local communities. My family owned and operated the Nebraska Clothing Company in Omaha for generations. This experience taught me the importance of the entrepreneurial spirit to our economy and our communities. 
166,000 small businesses. Nearly half of all working Nebraskans are employed by local companies. 
businesses are essential to the health of our communities. Local companies have local ties. They hire local employees, contribute to local causes, and provide a high level of personal service. 
an opportunity to show our appreciation for small businesses. I encourage all Americans to get out and support Small Business Saturday on November 28. 
KASSIG AND THE NEED TO STAY VIGILANT AGAINST ISIS 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on Friday the world again was shocked and stunned when eight gunmen wreaked havoc on Paris, the City of Lights. The day before a pair of suicide bombings struck Beirut, and today we learned that the Russian passenger plane carrying 224 innocent people that crashed last month was blown up using a homemade explosive device. 
in faroff places. It is a cancer that will inevitably spread across the globe, dividing our societies, undermining our personal security, and sparing none from the true definition of terror. 
One year ago yesterday violent extremism touched my home State of Indiana. AbdulRahman Kassig, a 26year old humanitarian aid worker from Indianapolis, was mercilessly killed by the ISIS coward known as Jihadi John. 
person that ISIS is targeting in hopes of expanding their caliphate, an apolitical medical aid worker committed to treating the wounded and bringing some sense of relief to the 7.6 million displaced Syrians in Lebanon and Syria. 
will not allow it to cease until our entire way of life is destroyed. That is why it is absolutely vital that the United States redouble our efforts to take the leadership role that the world 
will not just degrade, but will ultimately destroy, the ISIS network. AbdulRahman and the victims of terror and their families deserve this, and the security of our Nation depends on it. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to praise our Nation, a Nation of hundreds of years of immigrants. Since the Mayflower landed full of pilgrims seeking religious liberty, we have been a land built by immigrants. 
immigrant kids and their parents know no other country. They are working hard building our Nation, their Nation. They are our new Plymouth Rock. They are the foundation on which we will build the next generation of our country. 
block that generation, but if our Nation stays true to itself, that won’t last long. 
One year after our President took action, I urged the Supreme Court to approve President Obama’s immigration policy. If you want to work hard and help keep building this great Nation of ours, this Nation of immigrants, you are welcome. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today to recognize and celebrate the extraordinary accomplishments of various student members of Arkansas’ Future Farmers of America. As their Congressman and as a past State FFA president, I am very proud of their 
During the 88th National FFA Convention, Hermitage High School students were announced as the winning team of the National FFA Livestock Evaluation Event. 
business major at Southern Arkansas University, was also named the 2015– 2016 National FFA president. As president, Ms. McNeel will travel more than 100,000 miles to further the FFA mission of advancing agricultural literacy and preparing future generations for the challenges of feeding a growing population. 
students and applaud their inspiring efforts to serve others and hold true to the best traditions of our national life. 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize November as Sikh American Awareness and Appreciation Month. This month we recognize the contributions from Sikh Americans throughout our country who have given much to our Nation. 
California’s San Joaquin Valley, the Sikh Americans have come, like immigrants from all around the world, to have a better life for themselves and their families. 
In addition to sharing their rich culture and values, they have made countless contributions to our economy. They are farmers, business owners, physicians, and are engaged in every walk of life in so many fields. 
many endeavors and have a very strong work ethic, like all immigrant families. Their commitment to faith, family, and hard work is part of their rich diversity that sets our country apart from others, because we welcome immigrants. After all, we are a land of immigrants. 
As we strive to appreciate the contributions of all religions and cultures in our Nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Sikh American Awareness and Appreciation Month. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to acknowledge and honor the life of a beloved Modesto community leader. Carl Boyett passed at the age of 70 last week. 
Stanton and Carol Boyett. After graduating Downey High School, he was offered an appointment to the United States Coast Guard Academy. 
1967, where he displayed the utmost bravery during the tour of duty in Vietnam. He served valiantly during the Tet Offensive and advanced to the rank of sergeant. 
1970, Carl began working for his family company, Boyett Petroleum. In 2004, he became the CEO and provided masterful leadership and resultsoriented vision to the company, which just celebrated its 75th anniversary. 
Carl had a generous spirit, participating in numerous enterprises with evidence of lasting contributions to our community. He demonstrated time and again a desire to share his resources and talents with others, and throughout the course of his life, he was the recipient of numerous awards and honors. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing my friend for his unwavering leadership, many accomplishments, and contributions on behalf of the Modesto community and the Nation. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to honor Tim Valentine, former Representative from North Carolina’s Second District, who passed away last week. 
legislator who worked effectively on the Public Works and Transportation and the Science, Space, and Technology Committees. On that latter committee, he was my mentor. We frequently collaborated. 
Members across the political spectrum valued Tim as a cooperative, congenial colleague, easy to work with, but not afraid to engage in vigorous debate or to take a courageous stand when the need arose. 
humor and his gift for friendship. He had a remarkable ability to defuse any tense situation with humor. He made me look forward to coming to the House floor each day, where he invariably would have a good story to tell or a quip to make that brightened the day, a quip that often cut to the heart of the matter we were dealing with. 
Tim was a treasured friend and colleague. I am grateful for his life and work, personally, and also on behalf of the institution in which we served and the citizens on whose behalf he labored. 
Lisa and I attended a beautiful service in Tim’s honor last Saturday. We 
extend our love and best wishes to his wife, Barbara, and the rest of his family. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
recently reported that over 100 ISIS oil tanker trucks were destroyed in Syria in an attempt to finally cut off the terrorist group’s oil revenue. And what asset did we call on to efficiently and effectively get the job done? None other than the A–10 Warthog. 
A–10’s unique and lethal capabilities. The pilots employed their powerful 30 millimeter guns and 500pound bombs to obliterate the trucks. 
the A–10’s number called up to protect us. Twelve A–10s were recently deployed to Turkey to strike ISIS targets like these fuel trucks. A–10s are also deployed in Europe to deter Russian aggression and along the border with North Korea. 
Despite the administration’s persistent and flawed arguments for seeking to mothball this irreplaceable 
destroy this dangerous and growing threat, we turn to the A–10. It proves again that, until we have a suitable replacement for this oneofakind attack jet, we must keep it flying. 
Members, I was pleased that Congress last month passed a bipartisan budget agreement that avoids yet another manufactured political crisis from hanging over the heads of America’s hardworking families. 
legislation to fund the government before December 11. Especially now, with very real national security threats, Congress must take the politics as usual out of the question, pass a clean bill without poison pill riders, and fund our government. 
When I go home, I hear from my constituents every day that they just want Congress to do their job. They say it is time for responsible, bipartisan governing. I couldn’t agree more. 
are, and I know Republicans are as well—to continue to work together to avoid a government shutdown. But, without action, that won’t happen. 
that will keep the government open means we can work on the priorities of the American people, helping them send their kids to school, afford to buy a house, and, of course, protect national security. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
tomorrow is Wear Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls, a day that I ask my colleagues to join me in remembering those affected by the ISIS linked Boko Haram. In light of Friday’s reprehensible terrorist attacks in Paris, our remembrance will be especially important. 
prayer for the Parisian victims and raise our voices in disgust over ISIS’ horrifying acts, I hope that we will also remember the millions of people around the world who have had their lives destroyed by ISIS and its affiliates. This, of course, includes the 15,000 people ISISlinked Boko Haram has murdered in West Africa. 
Wednesday until we free the Chibok girls from Boko Haram, and we will continue to tweet, tweet, tweet 
Please continue to pray for the people of Paris and continue to pray for the victims of Africa. 
OF H.R. 1737, REFORMING CFPB INDIRECT AUTO FINANCING GUIDANCE ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 511, TRIBAL LABOR SOVEREIGNTY ACT OF 2015; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 526 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce or his designee to move that the House insist on its amendment to S. 1177 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
Clerk shall strike title I and redesignate the subsequent titles accordingly. 
of Texas). The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), my 
friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, 
the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of two important measures. First, the resolution provides a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 1737, the Reforming Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, makes in order three amendments submitted to the Rules Committee which were germane to the legislation, and provides for a motion to recommit. 
closed rule for consideration of H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015. The rule provides 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Education and Workforce Committee, and provides for a motion to recommit. 
In addition, Mr. Speaker, the rule facilitates a conference with the Senate on reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act by replacing the text of S. 1177 with the text of H.R. 5, as passed by the House, and provides for a motion by the chair of the Committee on Education and the Workforce to request a conference with 
strike a provision from the reconciliation bill which was already enacted 
of 2015, facilitating consideration of the bill by the Senate. 
the Financial Services Committee by a vote of 47–10. It nullifies a guidance put forward by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau which the CFPB was specifically exempted from making in the first place. In addition to the CFPB’s disregard for its statutory limitation, the CFPB’s methodology is severely flawed. According to a study by Charles River Associates, the CFPB’s methodology overestimates minorities by up to 41 percent, leading many to question the reliability of these results. 
me, Mr. Speaker, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015. When Congress passed the National Labor Relations Act in 1935, it specifically recognized all governments were excluded. Subsequent regulations and case law further recognized this exemption applies to territories, possessions, the District of Columbia, and Stateoperated port authorities. From the 1970s until 2004, the NLRB recognized that tribal governments are exempt from the NLRA as sovereign governments. Unfortunately, in 2004, the NLRB decided to reverse 69 years of prior precedent and strip tribes of their ability of selfgovernment. 
In our first terms in Congress, Chairman KLINE and I both worked to try 
and restore the sovereignty this board had stripped away. While unsuccessful at that time, I am happy we are now able to rectify this injustice. 
H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act would unequivocally state that tribal governments are not subject to the National Labor Relations Act. I respect my friends who hold different opinions, but in this case, they are simply wrong. In the NLRB’s 2004 decision, they made an arbitrary distinction between commercial activity and government activity. If you are a tribe and it is commercial activity, they said the NLRB could regulate it. But that same standard isn’t applied to any other government exempted from the NLRA, regardless of whether it engages in commercial activities or not. Their nature, as a government, precludes their regulation under the NLRA. 
this country has a golf course. Most States have a lottery. The National Park Service operates hotels. Virginia and other States sell alcohol. Many cities operate convention centers. All of these activities are not regulated under the NLRA. It should be the same with tribes. 
pleased that this rule sets up a process for us to go to conference on an ESEA reauthorization. The last time we considered an ESEA reauthorization was 13 years ago. It is far past time to reauthorize this critical program. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s yielding me the time. 
newly elected Speaker John Boehner announced: ‘‘To my friends in the minority, I offer a commitment: openness, once a tradition of this institution but increasingly scarce in recent decades, will be the new standard . . . You will always have the right to a robust debate in an open process that allows you to represent your constituents, to make your case, offer alternatives, and be heard.’’ 
What we were promised was openness, but what we got was absolutely the opposite. 
breaking of a record, perhaps the worst kind of record: this has officially become the most closed session of Congress in American history. We are living it now. 
this session of Congress, and with each new closed rule that the majority approves, we will break the record anew. Under a closed rule, no amendments are allowed on the House floor, which limits debate and silences half of the American people who are represented by the minority of the House. 
closed rules has been growing over the past 20 years under the leadership of both political parties, but my Republican colleagues have taken the trend to new heights. The Republican Congress, for example, passed more closed rules in 1 week in October of 2013 than in an entire year under Democrat control. 
It is the work of the Rules Committee to report each rule that comes to the floor, and according to our statistics, in this session of Congress, the majority has chosen a closed rule more times than any other kind of rule. 
wasted taxpayer money on their obsession with taking health care away from millions of people and held more than 60 votes to repeal or dismantle ObamaCare. They have spent over $5 million of taxpayer money on a duplicative, politicized Benghazi special committee even after nine other House and Senate committees and one State Department committee had found nothing nefarious nor illegal. Benghazi was, yes, a tragedy, but it was not a conspiracy. To continue with their wasteful, politicized special committees, they created a special committee to investigate Planned Parenthood, even after grilling the president of Planned Parenthood, Cecile Richards, for 5 hours in a hearing and the chairman later declared that no law had been broken. 
you get here for your taxpayer dollars. While Americans are riding over rutted roads, traveling over unsafe bridges, using crowded and outdated airports, and our schools are crumbling around our children, this majority insists on wasting millions of dollars and our time not on governance, but on purely political goals. These distractions keep true regular order nothing but a mirage. This is the work that we got under Speaker Boehner’s promise of openness. 
As it turns out, Speaker RYANpromised the same openness for his tenure. On November 5, 2015, just after taking office, he said to a gaggle of reporters: ‘‘I want to have a process that is more open, more inclusive, more deliberative, more participatory, and that’s what we’re trying to do.’’ We have heard that before. 
an open legislative process and said: ‘‘So that every citizen of this country, through their elected Representatives, has the opportunity to make a difference. That is the people’s House. This is the branch of government closest to the people.’’ 
have a new hand wielding the gavel, no amount of good intentions can overcome the dynamics in the radical Republican Conference because it remains the same. 
Mr. Speaker, for this body to function as the Founding Fathers intended, we need debate and we need openness. For our constituents to be heard and for our institutions to thrive, we need debate and we need openness. 
to provide the votes to move the country forward on any bill that would come to the floor, and I would like to extend my well wishes to our new Speaker, PAULRYAN, and express again 
our willingness to work together for the American people, because that is why we have been sent here. 
when we are concerned about bringing refugees and immigration, that we have been begging for 2 years or more for this House to take up an immigration bill, and the majority has refused to do so. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
would differ from my good friend on whether or not we have an open process here. Frankly, I think we can all point to times in the past where each of us believe the other has been less than open. I recall, during the Democratic majority, we literally would bring appropriations bills to the floor with absolutely closed rules, something that violates the tradition of this House. 
am forgiven, but again, I find very little relevance of discussions of Benghazi and Planned Parenthood to this particular debate. I don’t think it has anything to do. 
deals with two bills: H.R. 1737, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau bill, actually seeks to simply restrain an agency from exercising authority that it is prohibited from exercising under the legislation, and all the amendments that were germane to that piece of legislation were indeed made in order. 
H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, frankly, is just simply: Does the NLRB have this jurisdiction or not? It doesn’t take a lot of amendments. It is just a straight question. Our assertion is, obviously, that it does not. It has claimed authority it should not have, and we are simply restoring that to tribal governments. 
So I actually think the rule in question facilitates the debate, allows those who have different ideas to present them if they are relevant, and I think we will end up with a good result. 
will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 430, a bill to clean up the secret money in politics and give the American people the fair and transparent political system that they deserve. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VAN 
thank the ranking member of the Rules Committee, who began the discussion here by pointing out that here we go again. We say there is new leadership in town on the Republican side, but it is the same old closed process: closed rule, limit democracy, don’t allow a full debate, and don’t allow the people’s House to decide on important questions for the country. When you have a closed rule, you are starting to close down democracy; you are limiting the ability of this House to make decisions on behalf of all the American people. 
question, if you defeat the previous question, a proposal to also improve transparency and openness in the full political process, because this is the people’s House, and we would hope that it would do the people’s business. But we also know that there are a lot of special interests out there that are spending millions and millions and 
millions of dollars trying to get their way and substitute their special interests for the public interests. They are spending millions of dollars to try to elect candidates who will do their bidding. 
we need to be transparent and open about who is spending all that money. People in those interests can continue to spend money to try and elect candidates, but don’t do it secretly. Do it openly. 
House to take up what is called the Disclose Act. The Disclose Act simply says that voters have a right to know which special interests around the country are spending millions and millions of dollars to try to influence their voting decision, because we believe that sunlight and transparency helps build accountability and that accountability helps build a stronger democracy. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
that terrible decision, what happened? Special interests were able to spend millions and millions of dollars at a time. They weren’t constrained by any limits on what kind of contributions they could make. So we got a lot more money, but we also got something else. We got essentially a political underground in spending. We had this system now where people try and channel their moneys in secret ways to hide themselves from the public. 
So if we get to vote on the Disclose 
Act, we will see where we stand on the simple question of whether this body supports transparency, because, honestly, if you have got nothing to hide, you have got nothing to fear. 
Right now we have these commercials out there. They say, ‘‘Paid for by Committee for a Better America,’’ ‘‘Paid for by mom and apple pie,’’ but the people who are paying for them don’t want the voters to know who they are. They want it to be a closed process. We are asking that they disclose their identity. 
eight of the nine Supreme Court Justices said they were for more disclosure. And, in fact, recently, Justice Kennedy, who was one of the five in the 5–4 majority, said that the disclosure that he thought would work is not working. But they said the legislature can always act on this issue and improve the transparency and disclosure of the political process. Even Justice Scalia said that would be good for the political process. 
that money to try and influence decisions of the people’s House. What is wrong with a little sunshine? What is wrong with transparency? Doesn’t that improve accountability, and doesn’t 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
continue to have these closed rules apparently that are not going to make this an open process here, but for goodness’ sake, Mr. Speaker, let’s at least allow the American people to know who is spending all that money to try to influence voting decisions and, ultimately, influence the kind of legislation that comes to the floor of this House, because we need to be focused on the people’s business, not the business of secret special interests. 
transparency. Let’s defeat the previous question so that we can vote on the Disclose Act and give the voters the right to know that they deserve. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
debate so far because my good friends on the other side said absolutely nothing about H.R. 1737 and H.R. 511, so I assume that they support these bipartisan pieces of legislation. 
to my friends, we are not here to talk about campaign finance reform, always a worthy subject of discussion. I remember a number of years bringing up campaign finance reform, trying to get rid of taxpayer subsidies for political conventions. We finally got that done and redirected that money to research for pediatric diseases but could never get it made in order when my friends were on the other side of the aisle, so I understand the frustrations. But again, we have got two important bills to consider, and I think that is where we ought to focus our attention. 
Protection Bureau has literally gone beyond the mandate laid out in Dodd Frank. So I must say I am mystified that I am up here defending a provision of DoddFrank, but in this case, it is actually the right thing to do. They have tried to extend their authority into auto lending, which is specifically prohibited under the statute, so we are trying to make that crystal clear. 
H.R. 511 does something that, frankly, this House can be very proud of. It recognizes and extends and restores tribal sovereignty in a very important area. That has actually been an area of bipartisan cooperation. 
Against Women Act across party lines to extend tribal sovereignty with respect to domestic crime and domestic violence committed by nonIndians on Indian land against Indian citizens. Now we are trying in the labor area to once again restore tribal sovereignty to what it was before 2004 when the National Labor Relations Board, frankly, 
seized jurisdiction it simply doesn’t have under any statute ever passed by Congress. 
those two areas, hope they do, and certainly look forward to working with them in a bipartisan manner to pass both of those bills. 
the only way we can talk about campaign finance is to put it in our previous question because it is never a subject for debate here. That really is a shame because we have terrible situations going on in campaign finance unaccounted for, which is something that we have never had before in this country, certainly since the Watergate issue, where we cleaned up campaign finance considerably and did well with it. But now all that is gone and anything goes. 
today strikes a provision of the reconciliation bill that the House passed last month in the latest futile Republican attempt to undermine the Affordable Care Act. This provision is unprecedented, is unacceptable, and we oppose it. The stricken provision eliminates an auto enroll requirement that employers who offer health insurance automatically enroll new employees in the health plan. The rule strikes this provision from the reconciliation bill because it became law as part of last month’s bipartisan budget agreement. 
My Republican colleagues may describe this as a simple housekeeping measure, but no matter what is done, the reconciliation bill will not become a serious piece of legislation. 
add 16 million people to the ranks of the uninsured, would increase health insurance premiums by up to 20 percent for millions of others, and would reduce women’s access to important health services by ending Medicaid funding to Planned Parenthood clinics. 
Congress could do on the reconciliation bill is to set it aside and put an end, 
once and for all, to this fantasy of repealing affordable health coverage for millions of Americans. Instead, let us focus on the policies that actually help American families, such as improving access to education and to goodpaying jobs. 
some attention to this debate today. There is so much going on in the House that one wonders if we have. 
most closed Congress in history. At every turn, the majority has chosen to shut out debate and silence the will of Members. We have heard again this morning the minority party, our constituents, and the democratic process itself are ailing, Mr. Speaker, and we must do something about it. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ 
and to defeat the previous question so that we can take up Mr. VANHOLLEN ’s 
good measure here and try to clean up, as even the members of the Supreme Court who voted to give us Citizens United would like to see us make some change there because they recognize that what they did has been a complete failure. Somehow they had this awesome wonderland idea that everybody would just continue to put their name down on their contributions, and we have certainly found that that is not the case. We don’t even know what country a lot of the money is coming from. 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question and also to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I am somewhat mystified by the debate that my friends on the other side have offered. It has got a lot to do with campaign finance reform. Unfortunately, there is nothing in the legislation before us that deals with that. 
I beg to differ in terms of whether or 
not the rules here are closed or inappropriate. Frankly, every amendment offered to H.R. 1737 that was germane was actually made in order; and, frankly, amendments on H.R. 511 simply aren’t necessary. It is a yes or no type of question. Either the NLRB has jurisdiction that we think it has claimed inappropriately over Indian tribes and labor matters or it does not, and we think that clarifies things considerably. 
So again, we also are a little bit surprised to see what we do think is a housekeeping matter in terms of striking something out of the reconciliation bill objected to. I just remind my friends they voted overwhelmingly for the budget deal itself that included that measure. There is nothing untoward going on here. We are just trying to move forward legislation that we think is important and remove things that have already been enacted into law. So it is, indeed, as suggested, a housekeeping matter. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to encourage all Members to support the rule. H.R. 1737 undoes a regulation that should never have been made in the first place, and H.R. 511 restores a right, the right of selfgovernance, that should have never been taken away from tribal governments. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 526 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
other entities, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on House Administration, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary, and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and 
a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the 
control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting House Resolution 526, if ordered, suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1694 and H.R. 3114. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 245, nays 178, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
of Connecticut changed their votes from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present during rollcall No. 629 on November 17, 2015 due to an Energy and Commerce Committee hearing. 
I would like to reflect that on rollcall No. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 
629 and 630, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ and ‘‘no.’’ 
FAIRNESS TO VETERANS FOR INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1694) to amend MAP–21 to improve contracting opportunities for veteranowned small business concerns, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 285, nays 138, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn 
Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano O’Rourke Pallone Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Van Hollen 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, Federal rulemaking continues to hurt the people of Michigan’s Fourth Congressional District. 
As we have already seen, Federal departments and agencies have proposed overreaching water rules that create uncertainty for Michigan farmers, energy rules that raise electric rates on hardworking families, and healthcare rules that disrupt patients’ coverage. 
Now Federal rulemaking is interfering with the sovereignty of Native American tribes. The National Labor Relations Board has claimed jurisdiction over the commercial businesses on tribal lands, intruding on the selfgovernance of the Saginaw Chippewa in my district. 
the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, to restore selfgovernance for the Saginaw Chippewa and all tribes and to stop the National Labor Relations Board from further hindering business owners and entrepreneurs with more regulations and costs. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
record in support of tribal sovereignty. I have been a member of the Native American Caucus since 2012. I supported the legislative fix to Carcieri v. Salazar, a Supreme Court decision that overturned 75 years of Federal Indian policy. 
I cosponsored the NonDisparagement of Native American Persons or Peoples in Trademark Registration Act, and I have actually stood out in the street calling for the Washington football team to change its name because of the ugliness of what that represents. 
be a sponsor and a supporter of the Violence Against Women Act, which authorized tribal governments to exercise special domestic violence criminal jurisdiction over any individual that commits domestic violence, dating violence or any kind of violence, and to protect men and women on the tribal areas. 
In short, I am a person who is very 
proudly and affirmatively for tribal sovereignty and tribal rights. 
in a labor organization and the right to have rights on your job is also a very important right, and I cannot see why we cannot fashion legislation which protects both tribal sovereignty and the right of labor. 
away from some in order to purportedly give them to the other. 
vote for this legislation to ask themselves what they are giving up and what they are getting. 
out for tribes. We could work together. But, instead, what we are doing is simply using a wedge issue to try to divide two very important principles, labor rights and tribal rights. 
hope that all Members do. I hope that people who believe in tribal rights and sovereignty know that this is not about not supporting sovereignty, because I support it. But I believe that this Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act is going to do something very damaging to all workers, including tribal members. 
including tribal members’ right to form unions, to be in a labor organization, which is their very best shot at getting into the middle class. 
$207 a week more than nonunion counterparts. This is why some business interests, not all, hate unions, because they just don’t want to have a fair economy. They want to hoard the wealth of the company for themselves. 
more likely to have retirement benefits, paid sick leave, and other medical benefits. Workers who have organized at their casinos have turned lowwage service sector jobs into goodpaying 
jobs with benefits. This legislation would take those jobs away. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ), my friend and 
colleague on the Education and the Workforce Committee and a veteran of this great Nation. 
the good doctor from Tennessee. I want to thank my Republican colleagues, Mr. ROKITA especially, for bringing this 
the importance of ensuring and protecting tribal sovereignty. This bill does just that. The measure treats tribal governments like we do any other government entity in this country by excluding them from the onerous coverage under the National Labor Relations Act. 
In my district in San Diego and Riverside County, California, I represent 18 different tribes in Congress. That is more than anybody else in this House. They vary in size, tradition, and economic wealth, but they share one thing in common. They are all sovereign nations. 
have jurisdiction over their territory. And, remember, the American people made a promise to these tribes that they can govern themselves on their own land. This should especially apply in areas that this bill seeks to address. 
I think it is ludicrous that the National Labor Relations Board thinks that they have purview over American Indian tribes. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). 
in the land of opportunity, and certainly many of the people who are being discussed here today understand that, for a very long time, it was not fair and not equal, because that is what we are truly discussing today, having a level playing field. 
the National Labor Relations Act, which, quite frankly, gave rise to the middle class as we know it here in America today. But time after time, on both sides of the aisle, we hear how the discrepancies between those who are on the lower end and the onepercenters is growing wider. 
we are talking about this tribal bill? Because that is what we are really talking about. 
already that addresses this issue. It is a threepart test that has worked very well not only with the NLRB, but in the courts it has been working very well. So this is a bill that is looking for a 
problem, because the true test of what is going on here today is trying to take those rights of having a level playing field away from those who don’t have a voice. Well, we stand here today as that voice. 
later had the opportunity to become a business agent. I have been to National Labor Relations Boards many, many times. I have lost some. I have won some. But one thing I can tell you is it was a fair fight. And that is what we want to give those on tribal lands, a fair fight. 
doesn’t mean that none of our laws, history, and traditions apply to them. In fact, just the opposite. That three part test has stood the test of time and has given a fair shot. 
today is those who have the most abusing those who have the least, not giving them an opportunity to have a voice in the workplace so that they can have the American Dream. 
against this very unfair, misguided bill and to give those who need it most that voice. That is what we are elected to do. I urge my colleagues to vote against this. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
of legislation that I am proud to cosponsor, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015. 
Congress to protect tribal sovereignty. These lands and their people should be free from bureaucratic intrusion, as they are sovereign nations. 
However, the National Labor Relations Board has once again overstepped its authority to expand its jurisdiction over tribal lands, creating a cloud of uncertainty for tribal leaders. 
This legislation allows tribes to operate as they should, free from the threat of intrusion from the National Labor Relations Board. Much like states’ rights, this legislation puts the power back in the hands of local tribal governments so they can make decisions in their best interest. 
During a time of political and partisan gridlock, empowering tribes and the lives of their people is a bipartisan issue that both sides should be able to find common ground on. We need to protect tribal lands from Washington’s constant overreach. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ). 
we can do in this body is help the middle class to have every opportunity for their family. 
While the economy has been rebounding, unfortunately, wages for the middle class have remained flat. Productivity is up. Profits are up. CEO pay is up. But wages for most workers have remained flat. Now we have a bill before us that will make it harder for hundreds of thousands of workers by taking away National Labor Relations Act protections from them. 
Now, the promoters of this legislation say this bill is designed to protect sovereignty. While I strongly support tribal sovereignty, this bill is not about that. 
that tribes are compelled to follow in addition to the National Labor Relations Act: the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and the public accommodations of the Americans with Disabilities Act, just for starters. 
This bill isn’t about meaningful sovereignty. It is about selective sovereignty because it only excludes labor rights, which makes this a labor bill, not a sovereignty bill. 
It would even affect workers who already have collective bargaining agreements, stripping away the rights they have collectively fought for and have agreed to. 
are hardly credible on this. The U.S. Chamber and other organizations have never taken strong stances on tribal issues in the past, issues like spearfishing and mascot names in my home State of Wisconsin or funding to address the crumbling infrastructure of Bureau of Indian Affairs schools. 
But suddenly they support sovereignty. Well, history says otherwise. If this bill is about sovereignty, exempt OSHA and ERISA and FMLA and ADA, for starters—that would be a sovereignty bill—or require the tribes at least to have their own labor relations boards, which they don’t have. 
This bill only exempts labor protections for hundreds of thousands of workers, both tribal members and nonmembers. Those affected workers will be denied their fundamental rights under this bill, and that is what this is really about. 
help tribes, I am here to help. If you want to make it easier for Federal tribes to be recognized via the Carcieri fix, I am in. 
funding for Indian Health Services and exempt them from future sequestration cuts, where do I sign up? 
the maintenance infrastructure as well as the educational needs for Bureau of Indian Affairs schools, I am with you. 
Tax Code disparities that hinder tribes from encouraging economic development on their lands, especially renewable energy projects, let’s do that bill. But we are not addressing the real pressing issues that affect tribes in our country. Instead, we are only going after workers’ rights in the veil of tribal sovereignty, and that is wrong. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
in hearing testimony at our subcommittee hearing, a number of Indian tribes have labor boards at their particular reservation, so I just want to have that in for the RECORD . 
Also, all we are asking for is to treat 
the Indian tribes exactly the same as local or State governments are treated. If they are sovereign, they are sovereign; if they are not, they are not. 
to catalog the litany of promises made and broken by this government to the American Indian nations. The sum total of these broken promises amounted to the banishment of these, the first Americans, to the most desolate and undesirable lands in the Nation. We left them with one thing and one thing only. We left them sovereignty over their lands. 
these tribes have created, from that sovereignty, great engines of prosperity with which to provide for themselves and their posterity; and suddenly, our government’s disinterest in their welfare, its benign neglect of their affairs, has changed. Now that they are prosperous, our government has developed a canine appetite to intervene in their affairs. 
the National Labor Relations Act, the Federal Government recognized the internal independence of these tribal 
governments established of, by, and for their rightful members. It recognized that unless Congress specified otherwise, the Indian nations were free to conduct their own affairs on their sovereign lands and to organize their enterprises according to their own traditions, customs, conditions, and necessities—that is, until 2004, when the National Labor Relations Board decided to shatter these decades of legal precedents and usurp the legislative powers of the Congress. 
apply to governments, and the American Indian nations have always been recognized as governments—that is, until the NLRB decided to radically and fundamentally change the law that created it in the first place. 
whether Congress will reassert its authority over a rogue executive agency and, for a change, honor the promises of tribal sovereignty made to these nations more than 100 years ago. 
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) for 
yielding and for his leadership in support of working men and women. 
am a strong supporter of tribal sovereignty and believe that we must recognize the rights of tribal governments. But I am also a strong supporter of labor rights, the ability of hardworking men and women to join together in collective bargaining to improve their workplace and the lives of their families. 
Union membership has many advantages: higher wages, better benefits, and safer working conditions. It is no coincidence that we have seen the middle class shrink dramatically at the same time that union membership has declined. That is why we need to act to expand labor rights and why we should be concerned about the bill before us. 
Relations Board decision in San Manuel Indian Bingo & Casino struck the appropriate balance between respecting tribal sovereignty and upholding labor rights. In its decision, the NLRB stated the National Labor Relations Act does not apply if it would undermine the ‘‘exclusive rights of self governance in purely intramural matters’’ or ‘‘abrogate Indian treaty rights.’’ However, the NLRB clarified that labor law would apply if an entity is a purely commercial enterprise and employs or caters to individuals who are not tribal members. That is an appropriate test, whether we are talking about casinos or construction companies, hotels and resorts, or mines or power plants. 
carefully crafted decision and could take away existing bargaining rights from hundreds of thousands of workers. We know that workers at tribally owned casinos have benefited from union membership. A UNITE HERE! union study of tribal casino workers in California documented higher wages, lower healthcare costs, and less worker reliance on public benefits like Medicaid to meet the needs of their families. Employers, too, gain when workers are more productive and turnover is reduced. 
unions have helped workers. Gary Navarro, a Pomo Nation member employed at Graton Casino & Resort, testified before the Education and the Workforce Committee that ‘‘I became active in my union because of unjust treatment of casino workers by the managers and how nothing could be done about even sexual harassment because of sovereignty. Exercising our right to organize turned out to be the only way to protect ourselves and our coworkers.’’ 
suspended because she was forced to clock out when she went to see a nurse for a workrelated injury, which put 
system. Her union won her reinstatement and backpay. And the company provided a mandatory OSHA training program for management. 
Jenny Langlois, at Foxwoods, benefited from a union contract that gave her the time she needed to receive treatment for breast cancer. 
the loss of those gains, and, by eliminating NLRA rights, could deny them to many more workers in the future. By doing so, it would leave those workers without any avenue to bargain collectively, ensure fair compensation, or seek redress for workplace injuries. 
Three out of four of the 600,000 workers employed in tribal casinos are not tribal members. They do not have full access to internal, tribal mechanisms for filing grievances or petitioning for changes in policy. And while some tribal governments have labor laws that apply to commercial operations, many don’t, and there is no guarantee that those who have them will not change or eliminate them in the future. By eliminating NLRA rights, workers could have no place to turn to push for labor rights, to appeal unfair firings or disciplinary action, or to take action against sexual harassment. 
gaming industry, including construction workers, miners, and hotel workers. That is why the International Labour Organization has stated that it ‘‘would appear likely that an exclusion of certain workers from the NLRA and its mechanisms would give rise to a failure to ensure to these workers their fundamental freedom of association rights absent any assurances that there were tribal labor laws that provide the same rights to all workers.’’ 
H.R. 511. It would preempt NLRA coverage. But there are other Federal laws that apply to tribes, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. Why should we single out the NLRA, the law that gives workers bargaining rights? Or will we be asked to eliminate those other important protections in the future? 
argue that it is designed to provide equal treatment for tribal nations with State and local governments, but there are key distinctions. 
people who work directly for tribal governments but for workers in commercial enterprises. Most States and localities don’t operate huge commercial entities that hire the majority of workers from outside of their jurisdictions. 
want to push for laws to obtain or protect collective bargaining rights, they have the ability to participate in the political process and vote in elections. That is one reason that the vast majority of State and local public employees 
have those rights. Nontribal workers at tribaloperated commercial enterprises lack that ability. They don’t vote in tribal elections, and they have no direct ability to affect labor policies for tribal governments. 
workplace rights and support the balanced approach taken by the NLRB. I ask my colleagues to join in opposing this bill. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER .) 
Ojibwe reservations and four Dakota communities. We have a strong and deep Native American history and are proud of the work we have accomplished through centuries of working together. 
recognized that Native American tribes have the capacity and ability to govern themselves in an efficient and meaningful manner that is consistent with their heritage. The legislation being discussed today is of grave importance to the communities that have contributed so much to our Nation’s history. 
Rights Act passed in 1935 was never to include tribal governments within its jurisdiction. It is unfortunate that some are seeking to take advantage of a once wellintended law, but it is now up to Congress to do the right thing and expressly clarify that tribal governments are exempt from the National Labor Relations Act. 
could you tell us how much time remains on both sides. 
MARCHANT ). The gentleman from Virginia has 12 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Tennessee has 21
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the minority whip. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to also say to my 
and I are good friends and have done a lot of work together, but on this we disagree. 
the National Labor Relations Act were at issue on this floor today, my belief is—I may be wrong—that many of the people who will vote for this bill would be for repealing the National Labor Relations Act. That is a fair place to be, I suppose, but that is essentially what we are talking about here. 
who does not believe strongly in the principle of protecting the sovereignty of American tribes and their governments. I know surely that is where I am. I presume all 434 of my colleagues 
are there. It is the least we can do, having treated the Native Americans so badly when we got here and thereafter. 
We agree that when tribal governments are carrying out inherently government functions—that is the key. It is the key for the courts; it ought to be the key for us—their sovereignty is fully, and should be, secure under current law. But this bill goes a lot further than reinforcing that understanding. 
understanding of sovereignty not from what it is, but it is in an effort to undermine the rights for working men and women in this country, which is why, for all Americans, we cannot get a minimum wage bill on this floor, which is $7.25, which is now 7 years in being, and would be, if we paid the same in 1968 for the minimum wage, $10.68 today. It is the same principle, we can’t get it on the floor. For all Americans—not just Indian Americans—for all Americans, Native Americans, it undermines their rights, rights that every Member of this House also ought to support. 
Democrats are proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with Native American tribal communities across this country, and we are going to continue working with them to fight for more investment in education. Hear me. We need to put our money where our mouth is: Native American housing, health care, education, along with continuing to protect their sovereignty in governing themselves according to their cultures and traditions. 
I yield the gentleman from Maryland an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, what we do not support 
is taking away protections from American workers, Native and nonNative alike, who work in commercial enterprises owned by tribes. All of our people deserve the chance to earn a decent living, be safe at work, and reach for a better life. This bill is not a step in the right direction. 
also comply with other laws. I want to adopt the comments of the gentlewoman from Illinois. 
also comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act and the Occupational Safety and Health Act and many criminal laws, among others. Should we repeal that and have unhealthy working conditions in commercial enterprises? Perhaps that is the next bill you will bring forward in the name of Native sovereignty. 
from among these laws of general applicability by the proponents of this bill? I suggested why at the beginning 
logical distinction to explain why these other laws should apply to tribes but the NLRA should not, the only plausible explanation is that this legislation is a precursor of other legislation and says, once again, we do not support the rights of Americans to collectively bargain for pay, benefits, safety, and working conditions. 
send a strong and unequivocal message—two messages: A, we support strongly the sovereignty of our tribes, but, secondly, we also support the decency and safety and pay of working Americans, tribes and nontribes alike. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
many Federal labor laws specifically exclude Indian tribes from the definition of employer, including title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act. In contrast, statutes of general application, including the NLRA; Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act; Age Discrimination in Employment Act, ADEA; Fair Labor Standards Act; Family and Medical Leave Act; and Employee Retirement Income Security Act, ERISA, are silent in their application to Indian tribes. Federal courts have held that the statutes of general application—specifically, FLSA and ERISA—do apply. Otherwise, they do not. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM), my good friend, which I had the 
privilege of visiting her beautiful State about a month ago. 
remind everyone, in light of the debate that we have had today here on the floor, that this bill is extremely bipartisan. It is supported by tribes all across the Nation. It is something that they have been asking us for. In fact, in the last two Congresses, I carried the bill. I was the sponsor of it because it needs to be done, and I was asked to do so by tribes across the country. 
other level of government in the country is subject to the National Labor Relations Act. It is time that Congress clarifies the law and reaffirms its commitment to tribal governments and selfdetermination. 
The bipartisan policy of economic development through selfdetermination has helped create economic opportunity in Indian country. Tribes across the country and in my home State of South Dakota work daily to overcome 
the high rates of poverty and unemployment that they face. They continue to develop their businesses and lands for the benefit of their people and communities. The last thing that they need is to have the National Labor Relations Board meddling in their economic development affairs when they are trying to make life better for the people who live in their communities. 
I urge my colleagues to support tribal sovereignty, support tribal governments, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important legislation. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
eager to recognize tribes, too often it fails to also recognize their sovereign rights, imposing onerous Federal requirements on tribes’ management of their own lands and livelihoods, which is very important in my own First District of California, home of many recognized tribes. 
This measure rectifies a clear overreach yet again of this administration by rolling back National Labor Relations Board regulations that impose Federal labor laws on tribal businesses located on their own tribal land never intended under the NLRA. 
mean that tribes may manage their own affairs only now and then, or only when the administration chooses. It means tribes have a right to selfgovernment in every aspect of their affairs. 
constitutional role, defined in article I, section 8, and lead the Federal Government in its relations with Indian tribes, not this overreaching board. 
I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) and thank 
Really this whole matter and discussion is pretty simple: Article I, section 8, Congress shall have the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the several States and with the Indian tribes’’—explicit language in the Constitution that we all defend and that I have defended since I was 18. 
the rulemakers of the National Labor Relations Board, to regulate commerce. 
This Nation must continue to recognize the rights of Indian tribal sovereignty, and this Congress must uphold the Constitution and sovereign 
Speaker, say that it will take away the rights of workers. As a Representative from Oklahoma, whose Fifth District has more than 13 percent Native American, our largest minority, our constituents know that the actions of the rulemakers will take away the rights of sovereign tribes. Congress must restore these rights with the passage of this bill. 
I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Tennessee has 17 minutes remaining. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). 
governance need to be more than liberal buzzwords if we are going to make a difference, if they are going to have any meaning at all. And I find some of the comments of the opposition to be 
quite rich in contradiction. Unfortunately, they are similar to the comments that President Obama had this morning when he announced his opposition to this legislation, stating that he could not support the bill unless tribal governments adopted his view. In other words, they have to be identical to his views in order to have sovereignty. Well, this isn’t sovereignty at all. 
he honors and respects tribal sovereignty. In fact, I heard him say that he respects it as much as any President, right while standing in the powwow grounds in Cannon Ball, North Dakota, last summer. 
Yet when presented with this opportunity—and it is not the only opportunity we presented, by the way—the Native American Energy Act and gas gathering pipeline bills have done the same thing, trying to give sovereignty where sovereignty is to be given. And, actually, it is not given to them; it is held by them. 
Obama to respect the rights of tribes and pass this legislation into law. 
I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  
New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, which would clarify Federal law, restore parity for tribal governments, and protect tribal autonomy. 
a right to govern themselves, manage their own land, and regulate tribal enterprises according to their own culture, traditions, and law. They have 
with their employees as a result, and I expect tribal governments to view this legislation, in fact, as an opportunity to strengthen their own worker protections. 
today, should be without a voice or an ability to petition their employer for stronger benefits or a better work environment. In fact, many tribes across the country and in New Mexico have developed labor ordinances that, in fact, protect these rights. 
During negotiations of the 1999 tribalState gaming compact, Indian tribes in California agreed to adopt the Model Tribal Labor Relations Ordinance in order to strengthen worker protections. 
similar tribal efforts to protect workers, I am disappointed that it doesn’t do anything to promote stronger tribal labor practices. 
Congress should provide tribes the resources they need to develop and implement labor laws and regulations at Native American enterprises. Employee protections and tribal autonomy are not opposing values. 
of a Statement of Administration Policy, issued by the Executive Office of the President: 
‘‘The administration is deeply committed to respecting tribal sovereignty and maintaining governmenttogovernment relationships with Indian tribes as well as to protecting American workers and enforcing Federal labor laws. The administration cannot support H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015, as currently drafted, because it does not include the provisions as explained below.’’ 
by the efforts of some tribal governments to balance these important interests and find common ground when formulating compacts to operate casinos on tribal land under the Federal Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. In several of these compacts, tribes have agreed to establish their own labor relations policies. Though these compacts differ on minor details, what they have in common is that they generally protect tribal selfgovernance while also ensuring that most casino workers retain important and effective labor rights. 
tribal sovereignty and workers’ rights, and the administration can only support approaches that accomplish that result. Therefore, the administration can support a bill which recognizes tribal sovereignty in formulating labor relations law and exempts tribes from the jurisdiction of the National Labor Relations Board only if the tribes adopt labor standards and procedures 
applicable to tribally owned and operated commercial enterprises reasonably equivalent to those in the National Labor Relations Act.’’ 
to respecting tribal sovereignty and maintaining governmenttogovernment relationships with Indian tribes as well as to protecting American workers and enforcing Federal labor laws. The Administration cannot support H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015, as currently drafted, because it does not include the provisions as explained below. 
The President’s commitment to tribal sovereignty has taken many forms—from establishing the White House Council on Native American Affairs, to reaffirming tribal authority to prosecute nonIndians under the Violence Against Women Act, and to promoting tribal selfdetermination by signing into law the Helping Expedite and Advance Responsible Tribal Homeownership (HEARTH) Act so that tribes may lease their lands without the approval of the Secretary of the Interior. 
dedicated to protecting American workers. The Administration vigorously enforces Federal labor laws and has repeatedly emphasized the importance of strengthening workers’ rights to collective bargaining. 
efforts of some tribal governments to balance these important interests and find common ground when formulating compacts to operate casinos on tribal land under the Federal Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. In several of these compacts, tribes have agreed to establish their own labor relations policies. Though these compacts differ on minor details, what they have in common is that they generally protect tribal selfgovernance while also ensuring that most casino workers retain important and effective labor rights. 
sovereignty and workers’ rights, and the Administration can only support approaches that accomplish that result. Therefore, the Administration can support a bill which recognizes tribal sovereignty in formulating labor relations law and exempts tribes from the jurisdiction of the National Labor Relations Board only if the tribes adopt labor standards and procedures applicable to triballyowned and operated commercial enterprises reasonably equivalent to those in the National Labor Relations Act. Amended legislation would also need to include an authorization for funding to support the development and implementation of tribal labor laws and regulations. 
guess what sovereignty means for an Indian reservation is you can be sovereign as long as we tell you what to do. 
Mexico has been a very active voice on this issue. 
the gentleman for yielding. H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, says it all. All we are trying to do is to provide Native American tribes the sovereignty and autonomy they deserve, ensuring that they have the same rights as other businesses off the reservation, and that they have the same standards as States and local governments. 
from those who reject the bill, those who oppose it, about where after is decency, safety, and pay. I am proud of New Mexico. I represent the tribes. And I will tell you we are falling far short of those objectives of those who oppose the bill. 
into their own businesses now. They want to compete off reservation. They want to put tribal members to work. But they are hamstrung by the National Labor Relations Board, which currently chooses on a casebycase basis which tribes are regulated and which are not. They are dependent on the government to give them permission. That is not what sovereignty sounds like in New Mexico, and tribes across this country are rejecting the status quo, saying: Let us move forward. Let us be in charge of our own destiny. We do not want to be responsible—we don’t want to be wards of the government any longer. Give us our freedom to compete. 
compete easily if they are allowed to by this government. And just the phrase being ‘‘allowed to by this government’’ is one that chafes, and should chafe, Native Americans. 
current status quo, which is trying to provide decency, safety, and pay, and is not doing that, the confusion from some being chosen and some not being chosen is one that needs to be overturned. H.R. 511 does that. I rise to support it, and appreciate the gentleman’s time. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). 
National Labor Relations Act in 1935, Congress exempted Federal, State, and local governments from the definition of employer. What we have seen since then, Mr. Speaker, is that local units of government have allowed labor unions to develop, and we have seen the growth and the development of the middle class because labor unions have been in place. 
tribes mentioned. For nearly 60 years, the NLRB treated tribes as local units of government and the Board declined to apply the NLRA over tribal activities in Indian Country. However, in 
course with the San Manuel ruling, asserting that the NLRA does apply to tribal enterprises. The ruling meant that tribes would no longer be treated as local units of government. 
that simply adds tribal governments to the list of other governments that are specifically excluded from the definition of employer in the NLRA. This bill simply ensures that the American Indian tribes are treated with parity, as our other local units of government are treated. 
As a longtime labor advocate, I support this bill because I believe in tribal sovereignty. I have seen tribes afford their workers good pay, good health care and benefits. I respect their sovereignty, and I respect them to do as our cities and our States do. Sovereignty means respecting the individual authority and the decisionmaking of our country’s first nations. That is what H.R. 511 does. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ). 
few of the things we have not heard on the other side of the aisle. I have heard a lot about sovereignty, but we have asked explicitly about other areas, one being OSHA. We have asked explicitly about ERISA. We have asked explicitly about the ADA. Why aren’t those in here if this is a sovereignty bill and not just an antilabor bill? 
Workforce Committee, I don’t think a month goes by, Mr. Speaker, that we don’t have a hearing that attacks the National Labor Relations Board and their actions or some other laborrelated activity. It happens as often as you can imagine. 
really about sovereignty, but we don’t really engage in a debate about sovereignty. Where we have a problem is on the labor front and what it would mean to working people—to the hundreds of thousands of people, 700,000 peopleplus—who would lose their rights if this were to be passed. 
is simply not correct is that a number of tribes have their own labor practices. Here is the reality. According to labor employment law in Indian Country—in a book from 2011 that is specifically about labor law and tribes—of the 567 federally recognized tribes, ‘‘few tribes have implemented labor ordinances, other than righttowork provisions, to govern labor organizations and collective bargaining.’’ 
tribes, what has been passed, all too often, unfortunately, are things like right to work, which takes away the ability to have that collective bargaining right. 
about sovereignty, let’s talk about sovereignty, let’s talk about the funding 
for the Bureau of Indian Affairs’ schools, let’s talk about lifting some of those tax laws that make it harder for them to invest in renewable energy. Let’s talk about those laws and not just the ones you want to. 
This is like when I was a kid. When I 
had to take a pill, it came in the middle of something sweet. You are trying to take something really bad, like taking away workers’ rights, and are putting it in a tribal bill because we support the tribes and because we support the unions, and you want to split that up. 
just want to have that debate. Let’s talk about sovereignty. But I am not hearing anything about the other issues that affect the tribes. 
I have a tribe in my district, as we 
have many tribes in Wisconsin, and I have had a good, long relationship in my time in the legislature with these tribes. I have fought on behalf of changing Indian mascot names. I have fought on behalf of making sure that they have spearfishing rights in the State of Wisconsin. 
groups were never there. The U.S. Chamber is only here because they want to go after workers’ rights. This bill is only here because you want to go after workers’ rights. Let’s just be honest about it. 
If you want to have a debate on sovereignty, talk about the many issues we have brought up, because that is not what this bill is about. I support tribal sovereignty. I also support the many people who work in these facilities. We have to ensure that they still have the protections. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
certainly what we are after here today are the rights of Native Americans, whose rights have been trampled on by this country. We have had treaty after treaty that we have ignored. Maybe we can finally, with this piece of legislation, get one right here. 
good friend and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education. 
not only for the time, but for his leadership on the committee and in helping bring the bill to the point it is today. 
product. It has been around for about 10 years. But it hasn’t gone as far as it has gone today. That is a compliment to all of the proponents of the bill, to Members like KRISTI NOEM, who has 
talked earlier and who had this bill in the past, to Members like Chairman JOHNKLINE, who has carried it in the 
past, and all the way back to J.D. Hayworth. We thank them all for getting us here. I, for one, am a Member 
who has picked up this product and has run with it to help get it here. 
this year alone, understanding what the problems are with this activist Department of Labor and National Labor Relations Board. That is why this bill is so popular, and in my talking with nearly every Member of this body, that is why so many Members have supported it. I expect and would ask for a strong vote today for sovereignty, for parity. 
National Labor Relations Act was silent as to tribal communities in terms of being regulated as an employer. State governments and local governments were specifically exempted from the act. 
decision as well as an activist Department of Labor, we are in this position where the jurisdiction of tribal communities under the act has now been invented. 
uncertain terms—and very explicitly in just three pages—that tribal communities are to be exempted from the act if they are to be sovereign. All we are asking for is parity with State and local governments. 
Let me give you an example. Let’s say you have a municipally 
owned and operated golf course in your community—or if it were a State government, then it would be the State government, owned by the State—and that municipality didn’t want to have union activities and it wrote its own set of rules for its employees. That would be fine under the act. 
or luxury to a tribal government, we are treating them unlike other State and local governments. That is why in this context they are not sovereign. That is why this bill is needed. 
just spoke reminds us that there are agencies in this bill that aren’t covered. I would say to him: What a great idea for tribal labor sovereignty, act two. 
agency isn’t covered under what is only meant to cover the NLRA somehow negates the good that this bill does—the right answer that comes with a ‘‘yes’’ vote—is ridiculous. Just because it doesn’t do everything doesn’t mean you can’t do anything. 
this body, on that fact alone, you should vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
It is also true that many tribal communities have unions, that many tribal 
communities have rules that govern their labor and employees, and those who want to oppose this bill, in my estimation, Mr. Speaker, simply want to insert their judgments, their biases, for their preferred rule or for their preferred union in place of duly elected members of a tribal government. 
What makes you smarter than the people who elect the tribal government? 
What makes you better and your judgment superior to those who have been duly elected by the members of a tribal nation? 
The fact of the matter is the arguments that have been made by the opposition do not apply to what is right here. The right thing is to ask ourselves: Are tribal communities sovereign or are they not? Should they at least be in parity with State and local governments or should they not? 
Member here and remind everybody— Republican, Democrat—that this is a bipartisan bill. We just had two Democrat Members speak in favor of this bill. 
you believe in the sovereignty of tribal communities, if you believe they should at least have the same parity, judgment, and authority as State and local governments do—then you should vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 511. I urge all Members to do that, Republican and Democrat. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Yes. I am prepared to close. 
the National Labor Relations Act is silent. That is true. But in terms of laws of general application, they are applied to tribes based on the balancing test, and the courts applied that test. That test is a half a century old. The activist NLRB that ruled in 2004 was during the George W. Bush administration. So we don’t know how activist they could be interpreted. 
There are a lot of laws that we have 
found and have discussed that apply to tribes, like the Fair Labor Standards Act, OSHA, ERISA. They have to withhold taxes. They have to pay their employer share of Social Security and Medicare, and on and on. The criminal laws go on and on as well as laws of general application. 
from a letter from the International Labour Office, which is basically talking about the international labor obligations we have. They write: 
‘‘While elements of indigenous peoples’ sovereignty have been invoked by the proponents of this Bill, the central question revolves around the manner in which the United States Government can best assure throughout its territory the full application of the fundamental principles of freedom of association and collective bargaining. From an ILO perspective, while the variety of mechanisms for ensuring freedom of association and collective bargaining rights may differ depending on distinct sectorial considerations or devolution of labor competence, it is critical that the State (the national authority) takes ultimate responsibility for ensuring respect for freedom of association and collective bargaining rights throughout its territory. ‘‘Given the concerns that you have 
raised, it would be critically important that, at the very least, a complete legal and comparative review be undertaken to support assurances that all rights, mechanisms and remedies for the full protection of internationally recognized freedom of association rights are available to all workers on all tribal lands. In the absence of such assurances, it would appear likely that an exclusion of certain workers from the NLRA and its mechanisms would give rise to a failure to ensure to these workers their fundamental freedom of association rights.’’ Therefore, it would be in violation of the ILO. 
about whether or not we are going to fulfill our obligations under the International Labour Organization as a government that subscribes to those. 
and several other letters in opposition to the legislation. 
of your letter dated 22 October 2015 requesting an informal opinion and guidance from the International Labour Organization in respect of a Bill being considered by the United States Congress. 
about the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act (H.R. 511) which you state would deny protection under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) of a large number of workers employed by tribalowned and tribaloperated enterprises located on tribal territory and ask for the informal opinion of the Office as to whether such an exclusion of workers employed on tribal lands would be in conformity with the principles of freedom of Association which are at the core of the ILO Constitution and the ILO’s Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. 
concerning requests for an informal opinion from the International Labour Office in respect of draft legislation and its possible impact on international labour standards and principles, the views set out below should in no way be considered as prejudging any comments or observations that might be made by the ILO supervisory bodies within the framework of their examination of the application of ratified international labour standards or principles on freedom of association. 
congressional majority and minority and other background information have enabled the Office to consider the views of the parties both for and against the proposed amendment and they all appear to confirm recognition of the United States’ obligation to uphold freedom of association and collective bargaining. While the proponents of the Bill assert that this can be achieved through the labour relations’ regimes autonomously determined by the tribal nations, the opponents—and you yourself in your request— maintain that excluding tribal lands from the NLRA will in effect result in a loss (or at the very least inadequate protection) of their trade union rights. Not only do you refer to tribal labour relations ordinances which in your view provide inadequate protections in this regard, but you also refer to instances where there are no tribal labour relations ordinances at all. While elements of indigenous peoples’ sovereignty have been invoked by the proponents of this Bill, the central question revolves around the manner in which the United States Government can best assure throughout its territory the full application of the fundamental principles of freedom of association and collective bargaining. From an ILO perspective, while the variety of mechanisms for ensuring freedom of association and collective bargaining rights may differ depending on distinct sectoral considerations or devolution of labour competence, it is critical that the State (the national authority) takes ultimate responsibility for ensuring respect for freedom of association and collective bargaining rights throughout its 
Indian Bingo and Casino decision assures possible recourse to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), an overarching mechanism aimed at ensuring the protection of freedom of association, while also maintaining deference to the sovereign interests of the tribal nations so as to avoid touching on exclusive rights of selfgovernance. 
from the scope of the NLRA for all workers employed on tribal lands as described might make it very difficult for the United States Government to assure the fundamental trade union rights of workers. In cases like those mentioned where there are no tribal labour relations ordinances, undue restrictions on collective bargaining, excessive limitations on freedom of association rights or lack of protection from unfair labour practices, workers on tribal territories would be left without any remedy for violation of their fundamental freedom of association rights, short of a constitutional battle. Furthermore, the exclusion proposed, with no avenue for federal review or overarching mechanism for appeal should there be an alleged violation of freedom of association, would give rise to discrimination in relation to the protection of trade union rights which would affect both indigenous and nonindigenous workers simply on the basis of their workplace location. 
would be critically important that, at the very least, a complete legal and comparative review be undertaken to support assurances that all rights, mechanisms and remedies for the full protection of internationally recognized freedom of association rights are available to all workers on all tribal lands. In the absence of such assurances, it would appear likely that an exclusion of certain workers from the NLRA and its mechanisms would give rise to a failure to ensure to these workers their fundamental freedom of association rights. 
In accordance with ILO procedure concerning requests for informal opinions on draft legislation, this communication will also be brought to the attention of the United States Government and the representative employers’ organization, the U.S. Council for International Business. 
more than one million active and retired members of the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW), I urge you to vote against the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act (H.R. 511). This misguided bill would deny protection under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) to hundreds of 
thousands of workers employed by tribal casinos alone. Tribal casinos have created over 628,000 jobs. This legislation does not only apply to casinos. It could impact dozens of other businesses, including power plants, mining operations, and hotels. 
and has a strong record in supporting civil rights throughout our history. This bill, however, is misleading. It is an attack on fundamental collective bargaining rights and would strip workers in commercial enterprises of their rights and protections under the NLRA. Supporters of the bill argue that the bill creates parity for the tribes with state and local governments who are not covered under the NLRA. However, there are some significant differences. 
petition a tribe for labor legislation, while workers employed by a state or local government have a voice with their elected leaders. This is an important difference since 75 percent of Native American gaming employees are not tribal members. In addition, tribes are exempt from employment laws (Title VII of the Civil Rights Act) that apply to state and local governments. Finally, private sector contractors work extensively on behalf of state and local governments and they generally have to comply with the NLRA. In summary, the parity argument does not hold up under scrutiny. 
Tribal casinos have a significant and growing presence throughout our country. In 2013, 449 tribal gaming facilities made $28 billion in revenues. Seventy five percent of the workforce is nontribal members. In fact, at Foxwoods, where the UAW represents the workers (and many other casinos), well over 95% percent of employees and patrons are not tribal members. These employees are working for a tribal enterprise which is simply a commercial operation competing with nontribal businesses. 
Having a union and a legally binding contract has made a real difference in the lives of UAW members who work as dealers and assistant floor supervisors. Hundreds of dealers have been promoted to benefited and supervisory positions because of provisions in the contract that maintain minimum percentages of fulltime, parttime and supervisory positions. Work rules, wages, and benefits have all improved because of the right to collectively bargain. H.R. 511 would put all of these hard fought gains in jeopardy. Under the terms of this bill, when a labor contract expires, a tribe could unilaterally terminate the bargaining relationship with the union without legal consequence under the NLRA, because the employer’s obligation to bargain could be eliminated. 
H.R. 511 seeks to overturn a decision by the 
shrinking middle class, the last thing Congress should do is deprive workers of their legally enforceable right to form unions and bargain collectively. We urge you to oppose 
Brotherhood of Teamsters urges you to oppose H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act (H.R. 511). This legislation would exempt all triballyowned and—operated commercial enterprises on Indian lands broadly defined from the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). 
If H.R. 511 were to become law, hundreds of 
thousands of workers at these enterprises, including Teamsters, would be stripped of their protections and rights under the NLRA, including the right to organize and collective bargaining. It would deprive both tribal members and nonmember employees of the right to form or join unions and to bargain collectively for better wages, hours, and working conditions. We should be working to expand the rights and ability of workers to earn a decent living for themselves and their families and to secure a safe and healthy workplace. 
discussion, this legislation affects not just casino workers. Since the 1980’s tribes have expanded business interests beyond casinos. They now operate many different revenue producing commercial enterprises—construction companies, mining operations, power plants, hotels, water parks and ski resorts, to name a few. 
Board (NLRB) (in San Manuel) ruled that tribal casino workers should have NLRA protections. Shortly after the San Manuel decision, legislation, in the form of amendments, was twice offered to block the NLRB from enforcing the San Manuel decision. These amendments were rejected. Since then, the NLRB has proceeded in a measured fashion asserting jurisdiction on a casebycase basis. 
where it would interfere with internal governance rights in purely intramural matters or abrogate treaty rights. Otherwise, the NLRB will protect workers’ rights at tribally owned enterprises by asserting jurisdiction. With its casebycase approach, San Manuel takes a careful approach to balancing tribal sovereignty interests with Federal labor law. 
federal laws that protect workers apply to Indian businesses, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Indeed, courts have denied attempts to gain exemptions on numerous occasions ruling commercial tribal enterprises should not be excluded from such laws. NLRA rights and protections should not be treated differently. 
the same exemption as state and local governments. However, this is wrong. The NLRA only exempts actual government employees and not private sector employees performing contracted out government functions. Also, a substantial majority of workers at these enterprises are not Indian or tribe members, and thus have no ability to influence tribal governance, since nontribal members are prohibited from petitioning a tribe. 
of existing labor contracts and the decision workers made to organize and bargain collectively. When a collective bargaining agreement expires, a tribe could unilaterally 
terminate the relationship with the union without consequence under the NLRA. The employer’s obligation to bargain could be eliminated. 
constitutional rights to protect against employers. Only the NLRA gives them free speech rights. Absent the NLRA they have no protection. Workers cannot be left without any legally enforceable right to form unions and bargain collectively just because they are employed by at tribally owned enterprise. 
trading partners to implement and abide by internationally recognized labor standards, while H.R. 511 deprives workers at these tribal enterprises of these core rights: the right to organize and bargain collectively. 
question of the true motivation for this legislation. It is regrettable that the principle of tribal sovereignty is being used to cloak an attack on the basic rights of workers to organize and bargain collectively. The Teamsters Union respects tribal sovereignty. However, we do not believe that this principle should be used to deny workers their collective bargaining rights and freedom of association. We urge you to oppose the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act and to Vote No on H.R. 511. 
House of Representatives is scheduled to vote this week on the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act (HR 511). This bill is a blatant attack upon hardworking families, and their right to organize and earn a better life. As such, we will be scoring HR 511 in our upcoming congressional scorecard. We urge you to stand with millions of hardworking men and women and vote against this bill. 
1,000 men and women who work hard every single day to support their families at casinos that operate on Indian land. If this proposed legislation passes, their ability to negotiate a better life, their rights, and the rights of countless others, will be forever worsened. 
right to earn a better life, and those rights should never be jeopardized or taken away. 
We urge, regardless of party, to do what is 
right for your constituents, hardworking families, and this nation and vote NO of HR511. 
you to oppose the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act (H.R. 511), which would deny protection under the National Labor Relations Act to a large number of workers who are employed by tribalowned and operated enterprises located on Indian land. Among these workers are over 600,000 tribal casino workers, the vast majority of whom are not Native Americans. In recent years, there has been a substantial expansion of enterprises that would be impacted by this legislation—not only casinos, but mining operations, power plants, 
smoke shops, saw mills, construction companies, ski resorts, hightech firms, hotels, and spas. These are commercial businesses competing with nonIndian enterprises. The Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, as proposed, would strip all workers in these many commercial enterprises of their rights and protections under the NLRA. 
In San Manuel, the NLRB looked to Supreme Court and circuit court precedent to articulate a test for whether the NLRB should assert jurisdiction over tribal enterprises, whether located on tribal lands or outside them. (Before San Manuel, NLRB jurisdiction was determined based solely on location: on tribal land, no jurisdiction, off tribal land, jurisdiction. Under the San Manuel test, the NLRA will not apply if its application would ‘‘touch exclusive rights of selfgovernance in purely intramural matters.’’ Nor will the NLRA apply if it would ‘‘abrogate Indian treaty rights.’’ The Board in San Manuel also considered other factors, including that the casino in question was a typical commercial enterprise, it employed nonNative Americans, and it catered to non Native American customers. 
sovereignty for tribal governments, but does not believe this principle should be used to deny workers their collective bargaining rights and freedom of association. While the AFL–CIO continues to support the concept of tribal sovereignty in truly internal, selfgovernance matters, it is in no position to repudiate fundamental human rights that belong to every worker in every nation. Workers cannot be left without any legally enforceable right to form unions and bargain collectively in instances where they are working for a tribal enterprise which is simply a commercial operation competing with nontribal businesses. 
This view has been confirmed by the International Labor Organization (ILO), an agency of the United Nations, in response to a question about whether excluding workers employed on tribal lands from the NLRA would be in conformity with the principles of freedom of Association which are at the core of the ILO Constitution and the ILO’s Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. In response, the Director for the International Labour Standards Division wrote that in the absence of tribal ordinances offering full protection of internationally recognized rights, ‘‘it is critical that the State (the national authority) takes ultimate responsibility for ensuring respect for freedom of association and collective bargain throughout its territory.’’ In other words, if the tribes themselves don’t guarantee these basic rights, and many do not, the U.S. government must not abdicate its responsibility to protect them. 
principle of tribal sovereignty, the fundamental human rights of employees are not 
the exclusive concern of tribal enterprises or tribal governments. In fact, the vast majority of employees of these commercial enterprises, such as the casinos, are not Native 
Americans. They therefore have no voice in setting tribal policy, and no recourse to tribal governments for the protection of their rights. 
The AFL–CIO must oppose any effort to exempt on an acrosstheboard basis all tribal enterprises from the NLRA, without regard to a specific review of all the circumstances, as is currently provided by current NLRB standards. Where the enterprise is mainly comprised of Native American employees, with mainly Native American customers, and involving selfgovernance or intramural affairs, that may be the appropriate result. However, where the business employs primarily nonNative American employees and caters to primarily nonNative American customers, there is no basis for depriving employees of their rights and protections under the National Labor Relations Act. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : UNITE HERE represents over 275,000 hardworking union members in the hospitality industry and strongly urges you to oppose the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act (H.R. 511). 
law, American citizens working for Native American businesses would lose their U.S. rights under the NLRA, including ‘‘full freedom of association’’ and ‘‘selforganization’’ without ‘‘discrimination.’’ The legislation as drafted would exempt all businesses owned and operated by Indian nations of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) on broadlydefined ‘‘Indian lands’’. Tribal businesses, including but not limited to Indianowned casinos, have workforces and customers that are almost all nonIndian. Over the last 30 years, as Indian enterprises entered the stream of interstate commerce, a number of federal laws protecting the workplace have been applied to Indian businesses: Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA), Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), and National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). 
Congress should not treat the rights Americans have under the NLRA any differently than these other important laws that protect all other American workers. 
in our country, Congress should be working to expand the rights of American workers and their ability to earn a decent living for themselves and their families, not finding ways to take them away. H.R. 511 is no different than the law signed by Governor Scott Walker in Wisconsin that attacked the basic rights of workers to organize and collectively bargain. Again, our union urges you to oppose H.R. 511. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The United Steelworkers (USVV) represents hundreds of workers in the gambling industry in Nevada and Ohio, and has recently filed a Petition with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) to represent over 100 workers at the Saganing Eagles Landing Resort and Casino in Sandish, MI. Saganing Eagles Landing Resort and Casino is owned and operated by the Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe but employs a majority of nontribal workers. If HR 511, 
were to become law it would exempt all Indianowned commercial enterprises operated on Indian lands from the protections of the National Labor Relations Act depriving Indian and nonIndian employees across the nation their right to form or join unions, and collective bargaining for better wages, hours and working conditions. 
HR 511 would prohibit the NLRB from examining, on a casebycase basis, whether or not to assert jurisdiction on workers’ petitions to form unions and collectively bargain. It is long standing federal policy that private sector workers should be able to engage in collective bargaining with their employer. In cases where Tribal enterprises are involved, the NLRB, after a complete examination on a casebycase basis, determines whether the enterprise is governmental or commercial. To ensure both fairness for workers and sovereignty on tribal matters, the NLRB has adopted a three prong test: 
2. Application of the NLRA would ‘abrogate rights guaranteed by Indian treaties’; or 
some other means’ that Congress intended NLRA not to apply to Indians on their reservations. 
this test, and deny workers the protections of the Act. Collective bargaining allows workers to negotiate with their employer for better wages and working conditions, and reduces incidents of workplace discrimination and sexual harassment. Unfortunately, many workers in the gambling industry experience sexual harassment and discrimination due to the nature of the work environment. Woman are often required to wear provocative uniforms and interact with inebriated customers in a 24/7 work environment. 
On June 16, 2015 before the House Education and Workforce Committee, Gary Navarro (a member of the Pomo Nation, one of the largest tribes in California, and a worker at the Nativeowned Graton Casino & Resort) illustrated this very point. Mr. Navarro testified he witnessed fellow co workers suffer harassment by supervisors stating: 
unjust treatment of casino workers by their managers and how nothing could be done about even sexual harassment because of sovereignty. Exercising our right to organize turned out to be the only way to protect ourselves and our coworkers. Don’t strip us of these rights.’’ 
business interests, operating many different revenue producing commercial enterprises on Indian lands—not just casinos. Tribes operate and employ both Tribal members and nonmembers working in mines, smoke shops, power plants, saw mills, construction companies, ski resorts, hotels and spas, gift and farmers markets. Many of these enterprises are dangerous with high incidents of worker injury and death, and jobs are not typically well paid. Only through the benefit of collective bargaining can workers be assured of improving their wages, hours and working conditions, including their safety. 
Because the vast majority of workers employed by Tribal enterprises are NOT Tribal members, they would have no ability to influence Tribal policy or governance. 
Committee, the National Indian Gaming Commission testified that of 566 federally recognized tribes, 246 operate 460 gaming facilities in 28 states, and that the vast majority of employees (up to 75 percent) were non Tribal members. That same testimony reported in 2009 that tribal casinos generated 
fraction of the estimated $100 billion U.S. gambling industry revenue. As of September 2014 the Federal Gaming Commission estimated there were 733,930 people directly employed by the gambling industry in the United States. Gambling industry jobs are typically lowwage jobs, and it is only through collective bargaining that workers can enjoy some of the profits from their hard labor. 
‘‘We have no doubt that asserting jurisdiction over the Casino and the Nation would effectuate the policies of the Act. However, because we find that asserting jurisdiction would abrogate treaty rights specific to the Nation.’’ Chickasaw Nation Windstar World Casino, 362 NLRB 109 92015). 
Finally, the Tribes asking for this bill assert they are seeking the same NLRA exemption as state and local governments. This argument is erroneous, because the NLRA only exempts actual government employees and not private sector employees performing contractedout governmental functions. Hundreds of thousands of private sector workers employed by private sector contractors perform state, local and federal governmental functions; thus, are covered under the NLRA. 
Casinos and resorts are not inherently governmental operations, and casino employees are not performing inherently governmental functions by serving cocktails, running Keno numbers, or dealing cards. On June 16, While Tribal witnesses asserted air traffic controllers and casino workers should be treated similarly under the law as critical governmental workers and be prohibited from striking, common sense would suggest otherwise. 
of their ability to gain the industry standard negotiated by their counterparts working for hugely profitable commercial gambling operators like Trump, MGM or Wynn Enterprises should not be decided by Congress as a blanket exemption to the NLRA. HR 511 would deprive thousands of workers of their fundamental labor law protection under the guise of Tribal Sovereignty. H.R. 511 is union busting—plain and simple, and would deny Indian and nonIndian workers alike their ability to collectively negotiate wages, hours and working conditions and improve their lives and the livelihood of their families. Please vote NO on H.R. 511. 
please contact Alison Reardon, USW Legislative Representative for additional information. 
thank my friend, Mr. S COTT. He is a delight to work with, and I want to thank 
aisle have long agreed on the importance of protecting sovereignty of Native American tribes. Today, we have an opportunity to prove that we are committed to that bipartisan goal. 
page after page of tribes that have supported this piece of legislation. To me, being sovereign means that you are able to make your own decisions. What we are seeing the NLRB do is nibble away a little bit at a time at the authority that the local tribes have over local matters. Look, the political job I had before I came to Congress was being mayor of a city. I had more rights than the Native Americans who occupy this land, many of them my district, the Cherokee Nation. 
2015 is a simple, commonsense measure; but it means a great deal, particularly to those in the Native American community. As tribal representatives have said, this bill will prevent unnecessary and unproductive overreach into tribal affairs. It will empower tribal governments to make decisions that are the best for their people, and it will ensure the Federal Government honors and respects the sovereignty of the tribal nations. 
are serious about honoring the commitments and making good on promises we have made to Native Americans and broken many, many, many times. 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer 
my support of the bipartisan H.R. 511, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. I wish to recognize the work of my colleague, Mr. ROKITA , as 
well as the efforts of the Committee on Education and the Workforce on this legislation. 
amend the National Labor Relations Act to ensure that any enterprise or institution owned and operated by an Indian tribe would be treated with parity by any state or local government. 
2004 National Labor Relations Board’s ruling which increased the jurisdiction of the NLRA to cover tribal operations. H.R. 511 promotes tribal sovereignty and allows the tribal governments to regulate appropriate labor practices on lands without the further overreach and infringement of the federal government. 
urge my colleagues to support the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act to ensure that our Native American citizens can achieve parity with other exempted governments. 
Vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 511. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I have the 
privilege of representing a district that covers a large portion of the reservation that is home to the Pechanga Band of Luisen ˜o Indians. 
of the Pechanga tribe, as well as with Native Americans from across the country, I know that there is perhaps no greater priority than protecting tribal sovereignty. In 2004, the National Labor Relations Board 
issued a ruling that, I believe, inappropriately applied the National Labor Relations Act to tribally owned businesses on tribal lands. That ruling was contrary to previous courtestablished precedents because it clearly conflicts with the Constitution’s recognition of tribes as sovereign governments. That’s exactly why in 2011, a U.S. District Court in Oklahoma ruled in Chickasaw Nation v. National Labor Relations Board that tribal businesses on tribal land do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Board on grounds of tribal sovereignty. 
Since that ruling, the National Labor Relations Board has filed an appeal and similar legal conflicts have arisen with other tribes across the country. 
proceedings to carry on indefinitely, Congress should step in and reaffirm Native American tribal sovereignty by clarifying that the National Labor Relations Act does not apply to tribally owned businesses. 
Labor Sovereignty Act and friend of our Native American tribes, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this long overdue bill. 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
its amendment to S. 1177 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 1 hour. 
motion to authorize a conference on S. 1177. This bill, with the House amendment, helps improve elementary and secondary education in the Nation. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE). 
objection, the Chair appoints the following conferees on S. 1177: 
FUDGE , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Ms. C LARK of 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 511) to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 249, nays 177, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) DelBene Denham Dent 
DeSantis Deutch DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lieu, Ted Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
Messrs. SALMON, KIND, and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
missed rollcall vote No. 633, passage of H.R. 511—the Tribal Land Sovereignty Act of 2015. As a cosponsor of this bill, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 629, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 630, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 631, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 632, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 633, 1 
unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 3770. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 524) condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Paris, France, on November 13, 2015, that resulted in the loss of at least 129 lives, as amended. 
three groups of Islamist terrorists launched coordinated attacks against six sites across 
least 129 innocent lives and the severe wounding of many hundreds; 
Whereas the attacks on the Bataclan concert hall, the Stade de France, Le Petit Cambodge restaurant, Le Belle Equipe bar, and on the Avenue de la Republique in the 10th district, represent the largest terrorist attack in Europe since the Madrid, Spain, train bombings of 2004; 
Whereas American student Nohemi Gonzalez, 23, of El Monte, California, is among the innocent lives lost in these terrorist attacks, with several Americans injured; 
enforcement reacted swiftly and heroically, in one instance blocking entrance of a suicide bomber to the Stade de France, doubtlessly saving dozens of lives; 
in suicide bombings and one in a shootout with police, and French intelligence and law enforcement are still pursuing those possibly connected to the attacks; 
Hollande vowed that ‘‘we will fight, and we will be ruthless’’; 
Stoltenberg stated that the Alliance would stand with France and remain ‘‘strong and united’’ against terrorism; 
‘‘Once again we’ve seen an outrageous attempt to terrorize innocent civilians. This attack is not just on Paris . . . this is an attack on all of humanity and the universal values that we share. We stand prepared and ready to provide whatever assistance that the Government and the people of France need to respond.’’; 
Iraq and Syria’’ (ISIS) claimed responsibility for the attack; 
attacks at multiple sites across Paris, along with the recent downing of a Russian airline in Egypt and the double suicide bombing in a shopping district in Beirut—brutal attacks also claimed by ISIS—indicates the planning, operational, and logistical capabilities of ISIS appear to have advanced significantly, and their focus now includes large scale external attacks; 
Whereas the continued and enhanced coordination of law enforcement and intelligence efforts amongst European countries is critical to inhibiting the movement and support for ISISaffiliated terrorist cells; 
Whereas continued and enhanced intelligence cooperation, law enforcement engagement, and information sharing on emerging threats and identified Islamist extremists greatly improves security for the people of the United States, Europe, and our allies around the world; 
strengthens our resolve to defeat ISIS and its terrorist affiliates which pose a growing threat to international peace and stability; 
friend to the United States since the birth of our Nation, throughout the major conflicts of the 20th century, and has provided significant assistance to key United States strategic priorities such as combating terrorism in northern Africa; and 
French allies in their time of national mourning, ready to provide assistance in bringing to justice all those involved with the planning and execution of these attacks, as well as identifying and thwarting any planning to undertake similar assaults in the future: Now, therefore, be it 
terrorist attacks in Paris, France, on November 13, 2015, that resulted in the loss of at least 129 lives; 
its efforts to bring to justice all those involved with the planning and execution of these terrorist attacks; 
foreign fighters to and from the Middle East and West and North Africa and the threat posed by these individuals upon their return to their local communities; and 
Government and people of France to respond to the growing terrorist threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and its terrorist affiliates. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H. Res. 524, condemning the series of terrorist attacks in France carried out by Islamist extremists last week. 
It was just after 9 p.m. on Friday, November 13, when a night of terror fell over Paris, France. That is when ISIS launched three waves of terrorist attacks on the French capital, killing at least 129 people and wounding more than 350 others. At least one American, Nohemi Gonzalez of El Monte, California, was killed in the attacks, while several more were injured. 
bombers at the Stade de France, where thousands, including the French President, were watching a soccer game between France and Germany. 
several restaurants, bars, and cafes in an area known for its nightlife in Paris. A suicide bomber blew himself up on a nearby street. 
shooting at the Bataclan music hall, where an American rock band was playing music. The attackers took theater attendees hostage and started to systematically shoot members of the audience. They detonated suicide vests as the police launched an assault on the theater. This is where most of the killing that night took place. 
In claiming responsibility for the attacks, ISIS called them ‘‘the first storm.’’ The Paris attacks came a day after ISIS carried out a double suicide bombing in Beirut, Lebanon, and 2 
weeks after ISIS claimed responsibility for downing a Russian passenger jet in Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula. 
CIA Director, have warned that these three attacks demonstrate a commitment by ISIS to conduct attacks outside of Syria and Iraq, reaching further and further from their home base. And yesterday, ISIS released a video threatening attacks here on Washington, D.C., which U.S. counterterrorism officials are taking seriously. 
can say today that will comfort the families and friends of the 129 people murdered in these terrorist attacks. The victims included Parisians from every walk of life. And there are no words strong enough to condemn these terrorists and their radical ideology. ISIS is waging war on anyone who disagrees with their violent world view. And, frankly, they view everyone else as apostates to be killed. 
Alarmingly, their fighting force continues to grow, thanks in part to a steady stream of foreign recruits. More than 30,000 fighters have made it to Syria and Iraq from more than 100 countries. Of those, it is estimated that more than 4,500 hold Western passports, with more than 250 Americans among them. This ‘‘terrorist diaspora’’ is a planeride from Europe—and even from the United States. 
record as condemning in the strongest terms possible the Paris attacks and extends the sympathy of every American to those affected by this tragedy. It reaffirms our support for France, America’s sister republic and oldest ally. 
This is a time to not just express sorrow for those killed but also a time to show resolve in this fight. 
already strong, will need to get sharper; border checks will need to be improved; online recruitment of terrorists need to be checked; and coalition efforts to destroy ISIS will need to be stepped up. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
measure. First of all, I would like to associate myself with the remarks of Chairman ROYCE . I think that all of us 
share the horror of what happened in Paris just a few short days ago. 
are heartbroken. We are outraged. We are stunned. The perpetrators of these brutal and brazen attacks in Paris are our enemies, just as they are the enemies of France. We must remain vigilant in the face of this challenge. 
make their enemies live their lives in fear and retreat from the freedom which underpins our society. But I 
France have seen far worse: a bloody revolution, the darkest days of two World Wars, a Nazi occupation that marched columns of German troops beneath the Arc de Triomphe and down the ChampsElysees. And all the while, the Republic emerged even stronger and more committed to the values of liberty, equality, and fraternity—values that we share and that bind the U.S. and France together. 
the City of Light will shine even brighter. Last week’s attacks were an atrocity, but they won’t break the spirit of the French people. And as France grieves and moves forward, the United States will be standing shoulder to shoulder alongside our oldest ally in friendship and solidarity. 
But, let’s be clear: friendship and solidarity aren’t all that is needed in the wake of these attacks. What is needed is clarity, resolve, and action. 
be defeated. So we need to ramp up our information sharing and intelligence efforts with our allies and partners to figure out how ISIS orchestrated this plot and to prevent future attacks. 
We need to keep pushing for a resolution to Syria’s civil war, which has created the conditions for ISIS to flourish. We need to increase our support for those on the ground in Syria and Iraq that are already fighting ISIS so that they can keep building on their recent successes. We need to stem the flow of foreign fighters traveling to the Middle East to join the ranks of ISIS and figure out how to counter the radicalization of vulnerable populations. And we need bring to justice those responsible for the Paris attacks to send a clear, strong message that murder and terrorism will never go unanswered. 
These terrorists, they are not religious people. They are fascists. They think they can use terror to further their political ends. They won’t succeed. 
condolences to the French people. Just as importantly, it shows that the United States stands ready to assist France in its time of need and to respond to the growing threat of ISIS. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ), chairman of 
the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats. 
first of all, I would like to thank the chairman, Chairman ROYCE , and Ranking Member E NGEL for the great leadership they are providing at this moment in our history when we need that type of leadership the most. 
on Western civilization. Radical Islamic terrorists are seeking to terrorize the West into a retreat. 
We fought and defeated an evil ideology that would have implanted an atheist dictatorship on the world not that long ago. We defeated this evil force, Communism, just as we defeated the Nazism and Japanese militarism before that. 
with an evil force that would threaten the world. Again, America must stand tall, and we must provide the leadership to save mankind from this evil threat. We will defeat radical Islamic terrorism. We are Americans. We will lead the way. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), who is the ranking 
House’s France Caucus, I rise to speak today with a heavy heart. The barbaric attacks by ISILaffiliated extremists in Paris on Friday evening were a savage attempt to shake the foundations of the civilized world. 
loved ones are in our thoughts and our hearts, and we send them our deepest condolences in this enormously difficult time. 
Friday’s rampage has shocked the conscience of people around the world. But let us be clear, the forces of ISIL cannot extinguish the City of Light, and we will not reap the panic and fear that they are attempting to sow. 
France today, as we have done for more than two centuries, as a partner, a friend, and an ally. We will confront this evil together and, in the names of all of those who have suffered so mercilessly at the hands of ISIL, we will defeat it. Violence, intolerance, and repression are no match for liberty, equality, and fraternity—liberte, egalite, and fraternite. 
people of France and the people of all nations who would choose freedom over tyranny. 
minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ). 
Congressional French Caucus, I too extend my heartfelt condolences and prayers to the victims of the tragic terrorist attack in Paris, to their families, Parisians, and the entire nation of France as we mourn the loss of innocent life. 
the protection and preservation of liberty and committed to ensuring those who have perpetrated these attacks are brought to justice. 
to the United States and to our allies across the world. They are a threat to all those who promote freedom. Our strength is in our solidarity. The United States and our allies, including those in NATO, must stand together with great resolve to defeat this threat and ensure the security of freedomloving people across the world. 
I urge passage of the resolution. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), a very wellrespected 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my friend. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with the 
chairman and ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee to condemn the November 13 attacks in Paris. 
families who have lost their loved ones. Let’s pause for a moment to reflect on the lives that were cut short and honor their memory with a solemn promise to bring to justice those responsible for this senseless violence. 
out those attacks have wounded a great nation and an ally of the United States. 
the liberation of Paris, our two countries have established a special bond forged in the darkest hours of our shared history. The full measure of our creation is, in part, owed to the people 
of France, and we must come to their aid in this difficult time. 
In doing so, we must act not out of 
fear, but out of confidence: confident that we have the means to maintain the safety and security of free societies in which we live, and confident that those societies are worth preserving. It is in this manner that a liberated Paris will endure. 
I support this legislation. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ). 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, our prayers go out to the families whose loved ones were murdered or wounded in the pointless acts of violence carried out in Paris on November 13. 
These were attacks on innocent people by Islamic terrorists, recruited, trained, equipped, and directed by a deranged group of people known as ISIS. These are our enemies. They may be difficult to know, but not impossible to defeat, and we will defeat them. 
calling this what it is: an act of war. This is, indeed, a war declared on Western civilization—in fact, all of civilization—by Islamic terrorists who are so consumed with pure evil that they believe that the slaughter of innocence is the path to paradise. 
France is the oldest ally of the United States. In fact, a portrait of the Marquis de Lafayette, whose assistance was integral to the birth of our Nation, hangs in this very Chamber. If France is at war, the United States must be at war as well. 
In the strongest terms, I condemn Islamic terrorism around the world, and I pledge solidarity and commitment to our French brothers and sisters. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
thank the gentleman from New York and the gentleman from California. 
I think many of us will come to the 
floor and emphasize that we stand with both Mr. ROYCE and Mr. E NGEL for this 
very strong statement of commitment by the people of the United States to stand with the people of France. 
My heart cried and my soul was disturbed as the video began to unfold and the most heinous acts of attacking innocent persons, persons who had gone to a stadium to be with friends and relatives; maybe fathers with young sons; maybe families with two or three or four children, maybe brothers and sisters, as was noted by one of the soccer players whose sister was lost, who had come to see him play; maybe as the beautiful young woman from California experiencing her dreams, a beautiful designer—I pay tribute to her courage and inspiration—who just was enjoying the ambience and culture of France in the beautiful outdoor cafes that many travel to France just to experience. She lost her life, a beautiful flower, someone that America can be proud of, someone who was going to be a young lady who would obtain her dreams. 
we move forward, to not allow and tolerate ISISISIL continuing their violent ways. I want peace, Mr. Speaker. All of us want peace. But ISIL must be eliminated, and we must do things differently here in this country. 
changed our ways since 9/11. We do ‘‘see something, say something.’’ But I believe as we proceed, we must act not out of fear, but of rational thought. 
of young people; and the efforts of the administration, countering violent terrorism, extremism, has been an effective tool of meeting Muslim communities all over America, letting them know that if they see something, they can say something. 
We must address the question of vulnerabilities in places like airports and large venues, not be shameful about enhancing security, but recognizing that our values of democracy and freedom and access are very important. I think we can do that. We did it after 9/11 with the USA PATRIOT Act, and we have continued to do it. It is our heritage to be free and to 
have a democratic process. It is our heritage to our friends who first established these tenets of democracy that we followed here in the United States. 
that you will act, but we ask you to be mindful of the wonderful leadership that you have given of democracy and freedom and the tenets of liberty. We know that liberty and freedom are not free, but it is important to be able to acknowledge these horrible and outrageous and heinous acts. 
Res. 524, and I call upon America to be vigilant, diligent, but not to act in fear. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sorrow and outrage but in strong support of H. Res. 524, a bipartisan resolution that condemns ‘‘in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Paris, France, on November 13, 2015, that resulted in the loss of at least 129 lives.’’ 
will forever be known for barbaric attacks on innocent civilian populations by terrorists on a scale not seen since the end of World War II. 
the first two, then the civilized world must act in concert, with one accord and one resolve, to defeat the terrorists who refuse to make peace with the modern world and instead make war on people who wish only to remain free and enjoy the blessings of liberty. 
Mr. Speaker, we stand in unyielding solidarity with the people of France, which like the United States, is one of the most welcoming nations in the world. 
known to the world as the City of Light. 
has been a world leader in the march of human progress in the arts, culture, science, democratic theory and governance, and in embrace the challenges and opportunities of the modern world. 
people of France or the values that they cherish underestimate a nation that has faced and prevailed against far more sinister and lethal adversaries. 
And they will again, but they will not confront these adversaries alone. 
They will be joined by the United States and 
equality, fraternity) and no act of terrorism by cowardly perpetrators will succeed in leading them to renounce their heritage of freedom and justice. 
It is a heritage that we here in the United 
And that is why the civilized world must and 
will rededicate itself to combating and defeating radical jihadism. 
And as has been done many times throughout the long and special relationship between the United States and France, we will face and overcome threats to our way of life together. 
We will not bow and will never break; we 
overcome. The terrorist attacks in Paris on Friday were 
horrific acts on innocent civilians perpetrated by depraved individuals who misuse the peaceful religion of Islam for their own misguided purposes. 
Their horrible and heinous acts are their responsibility, and theirs alone, and for which they can be assure that they alone will be held accountable. 
We will never forget what happened on Friday, November 13, 2015, which will be forever known in France and throughout the civilized world as ‘‘Black Friday.’’ 
And we will always remember the many innocent lives cut short by the outrageous and heinous acts of terrorism that shocked and rocked the people of Paris last Friday and earned the lasting enmity of peaceful and freedom loving people around the world. 
I ask a moment of silence for the victims 
killed and injured in the terrorist attacks last Friday in Paris. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ). 
and saddened by the terrorist attacks in Paris, France. As Americans, we must stand united with the people of France. 
being slaughtered on the streets of Paris serve as stark reminders that we must do everything in our power to prevent this type of attack from occurring in the United States of America. 
of the terrorists entered Europe with migrants fleeing the Syrian civil war. In light of these reports, it is essential that we pause the process of refugees coming into the United States. 
show the danger of open border policies. The United States must not allow any refugees into our country without exhaustive security screenings. 
Greater St. Louis region have a long and admirable track record of welcoming refugees fleeing war and turmoil. However, the safety and the security of the American people must always be our number one priority. 
We mourn with our brothers and sisters of France. I am Paris. Je suis Paris. 
today to express my prayers and deepest sympathies to the people of Paris. 
the horror, and the tremendous sense of loss you now feel following the ruthless, unprovoked terrorist attack against your great country. We stand with you against ISIS in defense of our shared values of freedom, liberty, and equality under the law. 
Mr. Speaker, the world needs America to lead with clarity and resolve in the fight against terror. Contrary to the President’s assertion that ISIS is 
are not. Hope is not a strategy in defeating terror. 
America, France, and our very way of life. We must respond. This is a war, and America needs to lead, defeating ISIS before it is too late. 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. YOHO. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to express 
my, my family’s, and our country’s thoughts, sympathies, and prayers with the people of France in their loss and in their pain. I am here to stand in solidarity with the French people, France, and all the people and families from around the world who lost loved ones in this tragic and cowardly act. 
and innocent people, but people in the West and all societies that love peace, liberty, freedom, and value human life, people who believe that their rights come from a Creator and that we are free to determine the life we choose to live in a civil society, not forced to choose a life from the Dark Ages at the 
barrel of a gun or live in the threat of terrorism. 
in his rapid response and wholeheartedly agree and support his words that this will be a merciless response. May the terrorists and ISIL’s presence on Earth be short. Long live France. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume for the purpose of closing. 
have heard from our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, the United States grieves with France after these horrible attacks. The United States stands ready to assist France in its time of need. But we must look toward the root causes of the atrocity and direct our resolve toward defeating the growing threat of ISIS. 
This includes intelligence and information collaboration with our allies and partners. This includes finding a diplomatic solution to the Syrian civil war. This includes addressing the refugee crisis and the separate grievances and risks that this humanitarian crisis breeds. This includes stemming ISIS’s recruitment and radicalization efforts of disillusioned Westerners to join their ranks. 
multifaceted layers that contribute to the Paris attacks all while bringing those responsible to justice. We must send a clear and very loud message that international terrorism will not go unanswered. 
permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the chairman and the ranking member for bringing this resolution to the floor. It is sad that we bring this resolution to the floor, and it is sad that too often we see the results of terrorism around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support—as I think all Members will—of this resolution expressing Congress’ solidarity with the people of Paris and all of France after Friday’s terror attacks. 
and vibrant lights were suddenly extinguished, leaving a dark void in the heart of that city and in the hearts of millions across France, America, and the world. Our flag on this Capitol stands at halfstaff in memory of those 129 souls. 
families, and offer our aid to the wounded, we stand with a firm resolve to deny the perpetrators a chance to instill in us that which they seek: fear. 
These attacks were carried out by individuals who follow a hopeless ideology, who look with awe to a twisted image of the past because they are blind to a better future the rest of us can envision. Without a belief in tomorrow, there is only fear and the acts of cowardice it inspires. 
American Republic were neither born in fear nor do we live in fear. We were born in hope and in courage. We were born looking forward. Both our nations were founded upon the same ideals of liberty, democracy, and individual rights espoused by Rousseau and Jefferson, Montesquieu and Paine. 
substantial painting—other than the Father of our Nation, George Washington—to be pictured in this hall of democracy, in this hall of free people. It was the French with the liaison of Marquis de Lafayette as France stood with us for freedom, for equality, and, yes, for fraternity, brotherhood between us and them. 
river from the Eiffel Tower, in the middle of a major traffic circle in Paris, one can see a majestic statue of his brotherinarms, George Washington, raising his sword high in a triumphant salute. 
Lafayette and his French officers suffered hunger and cold at Valley Forge to help secure for the American people our freedom. Generations later American Rangers scaled the craggy cliffs of PointeduHoc to help the people of France regain theirs. 
does our future. That is because we believe in tomorrow. Ever hopeful, we believe that the unknown which lies ahead can be shaped by our hands into a better world than the one we know 
today. That is what sets us apart from our enemies. That is why those who perpetrated Friday’s attacks will never, never, never win. 
what historians in the future call ISIS or ISIL or Daesh, they will surely be using only the past tense. It is why the people of France and America and all who cherish the freedom to think, to speak, to worship, and to strive for a better tomorrow must stand together, as we have before, and shine the bright light of our values and our principles into the darkness we confront. 
It will not be quick. It will not be 
easy. It will test our resolve. It will test our will. But with Lafayette watching over us in this House, with George Washington standing guard over the City of Paris, and with Lady Liberty holding her torch high, surely France and America and all those who love liberty and justice throughout the world will continue to cast a light of hope, strength, and freedom upon our world. 
and sisters. We send them our sympathy, and we pledge them our resolve. 
say in closing we have heard impassioned speeches from all our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and this is certainly something with which we agree, certainly something that Congress needs to send a very, very strong message, that terrorism will never triumph, that we have the resolve here in America to join with our friends around the world to stop the scourge of terrorism, and that we stand with the people of France in these very, very troubling times. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
people of Paris. I want to thank my colleague, Mr. ENGEL , who worked to 
make sure that we brought this resolution to the floor today working together so that we in this Congress speak with one voice—speak with one voice—about the attack on France, the foundation, the heart of Europe, the heart of the Enlightenment, and the heart of the concept of freedom, liberty, and equality under the law which animated so much of the thinking of civilization itself. 
Indeed, it is an attack on that civilization. It is an attack on those freedoms, the freedom of religion, the freedom of speech, and the freedom of assembly and democracy that are so closely held by us here in the United 
in our own effort to achieve the dream of that freedom. It is that freedom that is under assault. 
The unfortunate reality, Mr. Speaker, is that these attacks in Paris are indicative of a resurgent terrorism that is continuing to build. 
30,000 fighters. Those fighters, my friends, came from all over the world. They came from across the globe on a virtual caliphate called the Internet in order to join Islamic State and in order to join what they call their caliphate. The intent of their caliphate is to put an end to the freedom that is enjoyed by those that they consider apostates, the freedom enjoyed by civilization itself. 
here today on this floor is over the fact that, of those young people murdered and maimed in this attack, the vast majority of them were under 30 years of age. They had their whole lives ahead of them when they were targeted, civilians targeted for this kind of mayhem. 
with our brothers and sisters in France is a resolve that freedom will be the rallying cry. Civilization will be the test. Freedom of religion, freedom of speech, and freedom of assembly under democracy are the rights of civilized people. Those who bring barbarism and attack the institutions and attack civilians are the threat to that civilization. 
and we reaffirm our support for the French Government and the words and the actions that they have taken in the wake of this attack. 
Lafayette’s portrait. At the end of that War for Independence—and this is why his portrait is here—he said to us, ‘‘Humanity has now won its battle. Liberty has a country.’’ And after we achieved our freedom, France went on to achieve their freedom. 
That is why today we bring this resolution to the floor of this House, to say that America must continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with the French in their fight against tyranny, in their fight against this terror, and in the hope that this will give an example to the rest of the world in standing up to ISIS and to make certain that our basic liberties are protected around this world. 
who recently gave us these remarks. He said that Syria is a geopolitical Chernobyl. He said, ‘‘Like a nuclear disaster, the fallout from the meltdown of Syria threatens to be with us for decades, and the longer it is permitted to continue, the more severe the damage will be.’’ 
many times. France has had its relationship with us tested many times. Tonight we stand together with France in our commitment to see this through 
and to make certain that ISIS is not merely contained, but to make certain that ISIS is ultimately destroyed. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, we come together to honor the victims of the horrific terrorist attacks in Paris and to condemn these barbaric acts. 
These attacks claimed the lives of 129 innocent people and wounded more than 350 others. Our hearts ache for the victims and their families. 
Today, our resolve to punish the perpetrators and destroy the Islamic State and other terrorists is only stronger. 
We stand in solidarity with the French people. Together we will defeat terrorism around the world and here in the U.S. 
The Islamic State is one of the world’s most 
violent and dangerous terrorist groups. To keep our country safe, we must be one step ahead of them, cutting off their funding and stopping their efforts. 
As a member of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, I offered an amendment, accepted as part of the National Defense Authorization Act, to direct the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury, to shut down ISIL’s oil revenues and report on resources needed for these efforts. I also included language in the Intelligence Authorization Act directing the Intelligence Community to dedicate the necessary resources to defeat the Islamic State’s revenue mechanisms. 
with which we must pursue the defeat of ISIL. These murders foment violence, destabilize the Middle East, and present a clear threat to the United States and our allies. 
on both sides to destroy ISIL and strengthen the safety and security of Arizona families. 
stand with all decent peoples around the world who respect and cherish life. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 524, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R USSELL ) at 5 o’clock and 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1210, PORTFOLIO LENDING AND MORTGAGE ACCESS ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3189, FED OVERSIGHT REFORM AND MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 20, 2015, THROUGH NOVEMBER 27, 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–341) on the resolution (H. Res. 529) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1210) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institution’s portfolio, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3189) to amend the Federal Reserve Act to establish requirements for policy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from November 20, 2015, through November 27, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
STRATEGY—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–79) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred 
to the Committee on Agriculture, Committee on Armed Services, Committee on Education and the Workforce, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Committee on Financial Services, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Committee on Homeland Security, Committee on the Judiciary, Committee on Natural Resources, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Committee on Veterans Affairs, Committee on Ways and Means, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and ordered to be printed: 
I am pleased to transmit the 2015 National Drug Control Strategy, my Administration’s 21st century approach to drug policy that works to reduce illicit drug use and its consequences in the United States. This evidencebased plan, which balances public health and public safety efforts to prevent, treat, 
of addiction, seeks to build a healthier, safer, and more prosperous country. 
Since the release of my Administration’s inaugural National Drug Control Strategy in 2010, we have seen significant progress in addressing challenges we face along the entire spectrum of drug policy—including prevention, early intervention, treatment, recovery support, criminal justice reform, law enforcement, and international cooperation. However, we still face serious drugrelated challenges. Illicit drug use is a public health issue that jeopardizes not only our wellbeing, but also the progress we have made in strengthening our economy—contributing to addiction, disease, lower student academic performance, crime, unemployment, and lost productivity. 
drug policy that is effective, compassionate, and just. We are working to erase the stigma of addiction, ensuring treatment and a path to recovery for those with substance use disorders. We continue to research the health risks of drug use to encourage healthy behaviors, particularly among young people. We are reforming our criminal justice system, providing alternatives to incarceration for nonviolent, substance involved offenders, improving reentry programs, and addressing unfair sentencing disparities. We continue to devote significant law enforcement resources to reduce the supply of drugs via sea, air, and land interdiction, and law enforcement operations and investigations. We also continue to partner with our international allies, helping them address transnational organized crime, while addressing substance use disorders and other public health issues. 
I thank the Congress for its continued support of our efforts. I look forward to joining with them and all our local, State, tribal, national and international partners to advance this important undertaking. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia) 
at 10 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m. APPOINTMENT OF ADDITIONAL 
CONFEREES ON H.R. 22, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
objection, the Chair appoints the following additional conferees on H.R. 22: 
From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of section 1111 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
Messrs. THORNBERRY , ROGERS of Alabama, and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
Commerce, for consideration of sections 1109, 1201, 1202, 3003, Division B, sections 31101, 31201, and Division F of the House amendment and sections 11005, 11006, 11013, 21003, 21004, subtitles B and D of title XXXIV, sections 51101 and 51201 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
Messrs. UPTON , M ULLIN , and P ALLONE . 
Services, for consideration of section 32202 and Division G of the House amendment and sections 52203 and 52205 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
From the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of sections 1313, 24406, and 43001 of the House amendment and sections 32502 and 35437 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
From the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of sections 1114–16, 1120, 1301, 1302, 1304, 1305, 1307, 1308, 1310–13, 1316, 1317, 10001, and 10002 of the House amendment and sections 11024–27, 11101–13, 11116–18, 15006, 31103– 05, and 73103 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
and Government Reform, for consideration of sections 5106, 5223, 5504, 5505, 61003, and 61004 of the House amendment and sections 12004, 21019, 31203, 32401, 32508, 32606, 35203, 35311, and 35312 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
Space, and Technology, for consideration of sections 3008, 3015, 4003, and title VI of the House amendment and sections 11001, 12001, 12002, 12004, 12102, 21009, 21017, subtitle B of title XXXI, sections 35105 and 72003 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
Means, for consideration of sections 31101, 31201, and 31203 of the House amendment, and sections 51101, 51201, 
51203, 52101, 52103–05, 52108, 62001, and 74001 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will notify the Senate of the additional conferees. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on account of 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
objection, the House stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow for morning hour debate. 
There was no objection. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 15 
minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 18, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3483. A letter from the Deputy Under Secretary for Management and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Public Assistance Program Alternative Procedures — First Quarterly Status Report for FY 2015’’, pursuant to House Report 113481 accompanying the Fiscal Year 2015 Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015, Pub. L. 1144; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
3484. A letter from the Deputy Under Secretary for Management and Chief Financial 
transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Public Assistance Program Alternative Procedures — Second Quarterly Status Report for FY 2015’’, pursuant to House Report 113481 accompanying the Fiscal Year 2015 Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015, Pub. L. 1144; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper 
Resolution 529. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1210) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institution’s portfolio, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3189) to amend the Federal Reserve Act to establish requirements for policy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes; and providing for proceeding during the period from November 20, 2015, through November 27, 2015 (Rept. 114– 341). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
GOODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, and Mr. F ORBES ): 
H.R. 4023. A bill to eliminate unused sections of the United States Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4024. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to convey certain public in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain exchanged nonpublic lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. C OLLINS of New 
Federal funds for admission of refugees from Syria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4026. A bill to provide that a concealed handgun license shall be treated as a verifying identity document for purposes of aircraft passenger security screening, and to prohibit the Federal Government from collecting or storing information about an individual relating to a concealed handgun license; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself, Ms. J UDY 
H.R. 4027. A bill to reauthorize the women’s business center program of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
with Disabilities Education Act to direct the Secretary to provide additional funds to States to establish and make disbursements from high cost funds; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to participant votes on the suspension of benefits under multiemployer plans in critical and declining status; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Nationality Act to provide that refugees may not be resettled in any State where the governor of that State has taken any action formally disapproving of the resettlement of refugees in that State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Federal funds for admission of refugees from Syria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
SESSIONS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B LUM, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. W EBER of 
and Nationality Act to provide for a limitation on the resettlement of refugees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
admission of refugees from Syria and Iraq into the United States and to give States the authority to reject admission of refugees into its territory or tribal land; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and operational control of the southwest border, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
prohibiting the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from promulgating as final certain energyrelated rules that are estimated to cost more than $100,000,000 and will cause significant adverse effects to the economy; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
regarding carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gas emissions reduction in the United States until China, India, and Russia implement similar reductions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FLEMING: 
H.R. 4037. A bill to prohibit the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, implementing, or enforcing any prohibition or restriction under the Clean Air Act with respect to the emission of methane from the oil and natural gas source category; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 4038. A bill to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
CHUof California, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
H.R. 4039. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a small business startup tax credit for veterans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
PASCRELL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. N EAL, Ms. L INDA T. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 4040. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and extend certain tax incentives relating to energy; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
GALLEGO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. J UDY 
H.R. 4041. A bill to establish a task force to 
share best practices on computer programming and coding for elementary schools and secondary schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 4042. A bill to provide grants for high 
quality prekindergarten programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 4043. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to improve the financial aid process for homeless children and youths and foster care children and youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Federal funds for admission of refugees from certain countries; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of Wisconsin, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K IND, 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
H.R. 4046. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
LEHTINEN , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. C OLE): 
H.R. 4047. A bill to amend chapter 329 of 
title 49, United States Code, to ensure that new vehicles enable fuel competition so as to reduce the strategic importance of oil to the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
and resettlement of aliens seeking refugee status because of the conflict in Syria until adequate protocols are established to protect the national security of the United States 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), Rules, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. NEUGE BAUER , and Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan): 
H.R. 4049. A bill to amend the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 to exempt certain nonfinancial companies and smaller banking entities from the application of the Volcker Rule; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 4050. A bill to provide for the identification of certain dangerous railroad locations, and for the safety of passenger operations at such locations; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 4051. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to change the residency requirements for certain officials serving in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J EFFRIES , and 
Health Service Act to prioritize the treatment of veterans with traumatic brain injuries through the National Health Service Corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
of Veterans Affairs to make grants for repair and remodeling of community centers, clinics, and hospitals that serve veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 4054. A bill to revise the 9010 rule 
under the Higher Education Act of 1965 to count veterans’ education benefits under such rule, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself, Ms. BASS, Ms. L EE, Mr. D ANNY K. 
POEof Texas, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. E MMER of 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R USSELL , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Mr. B LUM, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. H AHN, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee): H. Res. 530. A resolution expressing support 
for the goals of ‘‘National Adoption Day’’ and ‘‘National Adoption Month’’ by promoting national awareness of adoption and the children awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and encouraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and wellbeing for all children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4023. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3, and Article I, 
H.R. 4024. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4025. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
H.R. 4026. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 4027. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 4029. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 4030. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States of America. 
H.R. 4031. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To . . . establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ 
H.R. 4032. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4033. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution. ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ 
H.R. 4034. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization,’’ and Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States.’’ 
H.R. 4035. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce among the several States.’’ 
H.R. 4036. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce among the several States.’’ 
H.R. 4037. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce among the several States.’’ 
H.R. 4038. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 of the United 
H.R. 4039. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 4040. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States provides clear authority for Congress to pass legislation regarding income taxes. Article I of the Constitution provides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes . . .’’ (Section 8, Clause 1). 
H.R. 4041. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4042. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 4043. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4044. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 4045. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 Section 8 of Article 1: The Congress shall have the power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 4046. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
haev the Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads 
H.R. 4047. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under the following provisions of the United States Constitution: 
Article I, Section 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
H.R. 4048. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4049. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 4050. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4051. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 4052. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: 
H.R. 4053. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 4054. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 546: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
H.R. 592: Mr. K ENNEDY and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 646: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 711: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 814: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
H.R. 879: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 921: Mr. L AHOODand Mr. K INZINGER of 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OKITA , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
H.R. 1288: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
H.R. 1292: Mr. C RAMER and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
H.R. 1401: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
CRENSHAW , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
COURTNEY , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. H ANNA , and 
H.R. 1610: Mr. W OODALL , Mr. G RAVES of 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. R OUZER , and 
Mr. B ARR. H.R. 1779: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1786: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H UNTER , and 
H.R. 1818: Mr. W ALBERG and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2016: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
H.R. 2017: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. 
H.R. 2434: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2515: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2689: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2817: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mrs. B EATTY , and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2874: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. G OSAR , 
H.R. 2903: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. B RADY of 
BARR, Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. T ROTT and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3220: Mr. M EEHAN and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. 
H.R. 3250: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois and Mr. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. S CALISE , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, and Mr. F LORES. 
H.R. 3316: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. L EE, Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 3326: Mr. L UCAS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3339: Mr. R EED, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
H.R. 3397: Mr. B ARR, Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. 
H.R. 3513: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
H.R. 3516: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
H.R. 3573: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. R OSS, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. Y OUNG  
of Indiana, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. M ARCHANT and 
H.R. 3591: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 3683: Mr. R OSSand Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr Carson of 
H.R. 3724: Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
H.R. 3756: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. H ARDY , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. 
H.R. 3760: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 3765: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. B YRNE . 
QUIGLEY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T AKANO , and Mrs. 
H.R. 3799: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. M ILLER of 
H.R. 3802: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. 
H.R. 3803: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 3834: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. C ARSON of 
H.R. 3845: Mr. B LUM, Mr. N EWHOUSE , and 
Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 3860: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 3870: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J ONES , and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 3886: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 3892: Mr. K ING of Iowa and Mr. 
H.R. 3940: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, 
H.R. 3991: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3997: Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L ARSEN of 
LEE, Ms. E DWARDS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. C LAY, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D AVIS 
ASHFORD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ARNEY  
H.R. 4000: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. L ONGand Mr. 
H.R. 4003: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.J. Res. 33: Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
H.J. Res. 71: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B OST, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. B ARLETTA  
H.J. Res. 72: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B OST, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. B ARLETTA  
H. Res. 32: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. F INCHER and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 394: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H. Res. 432: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. F OSTER . 
H. Res. 520: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H. Res. 524: Mr. B OST, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. T ROTT , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. I SSA, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative D ENNY HECK(WA) or a designee, 
to H.R. 3189, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7973 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015 No. 169 