economists and financial advisers have recognized that families across the United States are headed toward a 
shown that a majority of households headed by someone aged 59 or younger are in danger of suffering from falling living standards in their retirement years. 
Congress should be advancing policies that make retirement counseling, savings advice, and investment services more accessible, not less. Retirement planning, savings counseling, and investment advice can improve the quality of life and economic stability of every American. 
Yet recent actions by this administration, however well intended, will make these financial services less accessible and less affordable to those who are in most need of them by forever changing the rules regarding financial advising related to retirement accounts. 
Mr. Speaker, for years the community of financial advisers, including those throughout Pinellas County and the Tampa Bay area that I have the privilege to represent, has been governed by what is known as the suitability standard; that is, a financial adviser is required to provide financial counseling and investment recommendations that are suitable for a client based upon that client’s financial position and financial goals. The suitability standard requires advisers to act fairly in dealing with clients. 
individual investors well for many years, creating a market for financial services for new and low dollar investors seeking basic investment services and thoughtful financial and retirement planning. 
process of replacing that standard with a new standard called the fiduciary standard. This new standard, under the guise of protecting investors, will actually have the opposite effect. The administration’s proposed rule will ultimately reduce or, in some cases, eliminate financial counseling, products, and services to new and low dollar investors. The rule will result in the elimination of financial products that adequately compensate advisers for their services, and it will increase the cost of compliance on advisers who ultimately will need to pass on those costs to clients through a higher fee structure. And it will simply cause some advisers to cease serving many clients who are, in fact, in most need of financial services. 
But worse, Mr. Speaker, the Department of Labor’s new rule reflects the approach we continue to see from regulators throughout this administration, an arrogant and demeaning suggestion that industry throughout America is necessarily comprised of all bad actors, and unless these actors are forced to do so by this administration, they will no longer do right or do good but for the heavy hand of government and the heavy hand of this administration making them do so. It is a Washington knowsbest approach that communities 
The administration can do better. Do not issue the proposed new fiduciary standard rule. 
of comments about the proposed rule and seemingly ignored them all. 
of the aisle have sent letters to the Department of Labor expressing the negative impacts that this proposal would have on their communities, and we have begged the Department of Labor to revisit this rule and simply do better on behalf of the American people. 
own and will continue to do so. Recently, the Appropriations Committee included provisions within their respective bills in the House and Senate to halt the administration from moving forward on this perhaps wellintended but completely wrong proposed rule. It was right that we did so. 
better. It starts with recognizing that the financial adviser industry is comprised of men and women across this country who provide a valuable contribution to individuals and couples seeking retirement guidance. 
and sunlight can solve most concerns. But to instead impose a new legal standard that will only increase compliance cost, result in expensive and needless litigation and ever more trial attorney fees and will ultimately eliminate financial counseling to hundreds of thousands of families who need it most, well, Mr. Speaker, that is the wrong answer. 
Let’s trust financial advisers for the good service they provide. Let’s strictly enforce the current law against the very small number of individuals who seek to take advantage of individual investors. Let’s protect financial services for those who need them most. And let’s revisit a rulemaking process that focuses only on transparency, ultimately providing consumers and clients with the information they need to make responsible investment decisions and to responsibly select a financial adviser that is right for them. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
the record, I am not Mexican, and I am not an immigrant. Given the rhetoric of one of the leading Republican candidates for President, it is important to point that out at the start before I am accused of being a criminal, a drug dealer, or a rapist. 
that all Latinos or all Mexicans are rapists, just that the vast majority of Mexican immigrants are rapists, drug 
dealers, and criminals. Clearly, if anyone has firsthand knowledge of Mexican immigrants working in the United States, it should be the owner of a hotel, casino, office buildings, or a clothing line. But Trump doesn’t seem to be basing his opinions about Mexican immigrants on personal knowledge. 
that most of the women coming from Central America to the U.S. through Mexico and other countries report being sexually assaulted. On this point, he and I have some agreement. Women and children at the lowest rung of our economic and social ladder are incredibly vulnerable to sexual assault and rape. But the leap from saying that most undocumented women are vulnerable to assault and saying most undocumented men are rapists is, as he might say himself, huge. 
‘‘Rape in the Fields,’’ was a powerful expose on how immigrant women toiling in our fields are regularly the victims of rape and abuse because perpetrators recognize how vulnerable immigrant women are. They are afraid to talk to the police, afraid they will be deported, and afraid they will lose their children. And this fear to report crimes makes us all less safe. 
perpetrated by other Latino immigrants, perhaps even Mexicans, but these crimes are also committed by men of all colors and national origins, including red, white, and blue Americans. 
‘‘Well, someone is doing the raping,’’ as further evidence that we should be building a big wall so he can plaster his name on it and keep immigrants out, I think it is pretty clear The Donald misses the point. 
immigration system that protects us from criminals and that allows people to come with visas and not smugglers so that their work is honored, safe, protected by our labor laws? How do we make sure that these workers who contribute so much to America’s economy are not afraid to dial 911 and report wage theft or assault when someone, anyone, is threatening them or their families? 
the Republican Party in this body and on the air is saying that Trump may have a point. After all, a beautiful, innocent woman was shot in cold blood by a Mexican immigrant in San Francisco just last week. 
he held in jail the last time? And you will actually hear this on FOX News: Why is President Obama letting Mexicans kill beautiful young American women? 
the age of Kate Steinle, the young woman who was shot and killed, I pray every night that no one of any racial or 
ethnic background ever does my daughters harm, and I can only imagine the grief that her family is feeling. 
When we have felons in Federal custody or State or local custody with warrants for drug crimes who are deported multiple times and come back, this Congress has not done its job, unfairly leaving States and localities to cope with decades of inaction on immigration, criminal justice, and a range of other issues. I have no sympathy for the man accused in this crime. Murderers should rot in hell. 
people who have lived here a long time, contributed productively to American society, and who have children and other deep roots in the United States, what if we allowed them to come forward? What if we made them pay for their own criminal background checks, fingerprinted them, made them prove their identity, and check on them every so often to make sure that they are not gaming the system or committing crime? 
What if we had a system where people came here legally in the first place, if they could prove their identity and that they had no criminal background? 
allow us to reduce significantly the number of people who are in this country without legal status. It would shrink the size of communities where many people are undocumented, where people are afraid to call the police so that criminals find it easy to blend in and not stick out. Such a system would allow us to concentrate our enforcement and deportation resources on real criminals who should be jailed and then thrown out and kept out. 
make it harder for criminals to hide and easier for honest, hardworking folks to contribute to their communities without fear. Unfortunately, that is exactly the system that some Republicans have been fighting against. 
on his high horse about Mexican immigrants, about crime, rape, and murder, let’s think about who is standing between the United States—this country, the one that we love and we have sworn to protect—and a modern immigration system based on common sense, compassion, and, yes, the rule of law. 
TIME FOR HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS THAT LOWER COSTS AND EMPOWER PATIENTS 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. 
2 years, my email inbox, mailbox, and phone lines have been flooded with reports of canceled health insurance plans, soaring premiums, increased deductibles, and exasperated constituents trying to navigate the confusing 
their health insurance on the ObamaCare exchanges along with millions of other Americans, and I experienced many of the same frustrations, including the nightmare of navigating a confusing, unfinished Web site. 
Despite its central promise, the Affordable Care Act has proved to be anything but affordable for many North Carolinians, and the Supreme Court’s recent decision in King v. Burwell doesn’t change that fact. 
our efforts to minimize the damage caused by ObamaCare. We have passed legislation that would permanently repeal ObamaCare’s 2.3 percent excise tax on medical devices, which has hindered innovation as well as restricted growth and job creation in an industry that has improved the quality of life of millions around the world. 
We have voted to repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which was created under the President’s healthcare law and gives a panel of 15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats sweeping authority to slash Medicare payments to providers or eliminate payments for certain treatments and procedures altogether. 
would change ObamaCare’s 30hour definition of fulltime employment and restore the traditional 40hour workweek. From adjunct professors to hourly workers, I have heard from constituents across North Carolina’s Fifth District who have one thing in common: their hours are being reduced. 
ObamaCare has placed an undue burden on employers and their employees by undermining the 40hour workweek, which has long been the standard for fulltime work. 
hire veterans by exempting those who already have health insurance from being counted as fulltime employees under the President’s healthcare law. No employer should be penalized for hiring a veteran, and no veteran should be unemployed because of ObamaCare. 
However, the best approach to solving the multitude of problems resulting from ObamaCare is to unite behind a complete repeal of the law and replace it with solutions that lower costs and empower patients to choose the care that is right for them. 
H.R. 2653, the American Health Care Reform Act. This bill would repeal ObamaCare completely and allow a standard deduction for health insurance that treats individually purchased plans and employersponsored plans the same, making sure that all Americans receive the same tax benefits for health care. 
about healthcare and insurance coverage to patients. It is people, not government, who can best determine the coverage and services that meet their 
care is not what Americans asked for and certainly not what we can afford. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Reagan once said: ‘‘Where free unions and collective bargaining are forbidden, freedom is lost.’’ 
remarks in 1980, he recognized then what many can’t seem to understand now: efforts to undermine unions are an attack on workers’ rights. 
of our middle class and helped create the most competitive workforce in the world. The 40hour workweek, minimum wage, sick leave, workers comp, overtime pay, and child labor laws are just a few of the basic labor rights that unions have championed over the years that many now take for granted; yet for all the good that unions have done to empower all workers across this country, there has been a recent revival in the war against them, and the weapon of choice has been right to work laws. 
only thing right to work laws do is unfairly allow freeriding workers to benefit from unionnegotiated contracts without having to contribute their fair share in the fight. The laws do not, as many supporters complain, protect workers from being forced to become union members. In fact, Federal law already restricts this. 
unionnegotiated contracts can only be required to pay for the cost of bargaining and not for any other union activities. 
there has been an alarming increase in antiunion sentiment. Currently, half of our States have right to work laws, with Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin recently passing their own versions. 
Governor Rauner has made passing right to work a top priority. In fact, he is making this a cornerstone of his firstterm legislative agenda. 
is that by increasing the number of freeriding workers, unions will be forced to drastically reduce their budgets, weakening their ability to negotiate stronger contracts and defend the rights of American workers, but the evidence clearly shows how misguided this stance is and the attacks on organized labor truly are. For instance, research shows that 7 of the 10 States with the highest unemployment rates are right to work States. 
On top of that, we know that even if 
half of the counties in Illinois adopt right to work laws, we would see the 
by $1.5 billion, labor income fall by $1.3 billion, and an increase in both racial and gender income inequality. 
good for the economy, what are they good for? Right to work laws do a great job at harming hardworking middle class families, widening income inequality, and weakening unions. Right to work States have seen almost a 10 percent decline in unionization, which has undermined growth in wages and led to the deterioration in workplace safety. 
workers, not just unionized workers, are over 3 percent lower than in non right to work States. That is about $1,500 less per year in the pockets of teachers, firefighters, nurses, and other hardworking Americans. 
right to work States are much higher than in nonright to work States. In the highrisk environment of construction, where unions have played a fundamental role in demanding adequate safety standards, deaths are 34 percent higher in right to work States than in nonright to work States. 
As you can see, right to work is not 
right for our country, not right for our States, and not right for our workers. Using right to work as a strategy to lower wages and attract more businesses is not a suitable and sustainable strategy. 
unions and middle class workers, Governors should focus on fixing broken budgets and investing in our schools, public safety programs, and transportation systems. That is the real recipe 
laws and stand up for the right to organize, the right to a safe job, and the right to a fair wage. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) for 5 minutes. 
to honor Dr. Peter Schramm of the Ashbrook Center at Ashland University in Ashland, Ohio. Earlier this week, the Ashbrook Center, supporters, and friends gathered to recognize Dr. Schramm for his years of service and to name the center’s library in his honor. 
teaching political science at Ashland; mentoring students; and shaping the minds of the next generation of teachers, lawyers, and political thinkers. 
young boy living under the brutal Soviet regime. When he was 10, after the Communists crushed the Hungarian uprising in 1956, Peter’s father decided it was time to leave Hungary and come to America. Peter asked his father why he chose America, and he was told: ‘‘We were born Americans but in the wrong place.’’ After leaving Hungary, the Schramm 
family found their way to California, thanks to an American dentist his father met shortly after World War II. 
Peter’s family started a new life. His parents found work, and Peter and his sister went to school. Peter did not know English and had to learn along the way, with the help of his classmates. 
money to open a restaurant. The whole family worked there. Peter continued his studies and worked through college. He studied history and graduated, taking a few years longer than usual because he was unaware he actually had to graduate. Peter was content to learn for the sake of learning. Years later, he once said: ‘‘I think it is true that human beings by nature desire to know.’’ 
Claremont for his master’s and doctorate degrees. It was there that he studied the classics, focusing more on philosophy than history. 
Schramm insisted on an open discussion, encouraging and directing debates among his students. He once said: ‘‘A good education is a conversation.’’ 
He didn’t want to lecture his students and believes that a classic liberal arts education should teach its students how to read, to analyze, and to explain and defend their beliefs. 
served as executive director and senior fellow of the scholar program, states that their mission is to restore and strengthen the capacities of the American people for constitutional selfgovernment. Having witnessed the corruption and horror of the Soviet rule, he was able to impress upon his students how important Ashbrook’s missions and values are. 
an intern in my office, James Coyne, told me: ‘‘Dr. Schramm has dedicated his life to preserving and perpetuating American greatness by teaching us what it means to be an American. The many of us he has taught will continue his work and honor his legacy by educating future generations on what makes America great.’’ 
Dr. Schramm, who is battling an aggressive illness, can be assured that the principles of selfgovernment of free men with free minds and the values that our Founding Fathers cherished are alive and well in the generations of 
said that, despite his medical condition, no man has been happier than he has been. 
Thank you, Dr. Schramm, for adopting America as your home and teaching so many young minds to keep the flame of freedom burning. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B UTTERFIELD ) for 5 
rise to express the utter outrage of the Congressional Black Caucus regarding the Calvert amendment, scheduled for later this afternoon, which is an amendment to the Interior Appropriations bill. 
That amendment would allow Confederate imagery to remain on graves on Federal lands. Don’t Republicans understand that the Confederate battle flag is an insult to 40 million African Americans and to many other fair minded Americans? 
Speaker, is intended to defend a dark period of American history, a period when 4 million Blacks were held as slaves, held as property, as chattel, not as human beings. The slaves were bought and sold and mortgaged and gifted as chattel. 
Mr. Speaker, this period of enslavement continued for more than 200 years and did not legally end until December 6, 1865. 
Here is the history, Mr. Speaker. Following President Lincoln’s election in November 1860, 12 Southern States ceded from the Union in response to their belief that President Lincoln would free the 4 million slaves. South Carolina was the first State to cede from the Union, on December 20, right after Lincoln’s election. 
Confederate States of America. They empowered a military, elected a President, adopted a constitution, and adopted a currency. They engaged in a brutal, brutal civil war with the Union. Thousands of lives were lost on both sides of the battle. The Confederate flag, Mr. Speaker, was their symbol; it was their flag. 
The States then rejoined the Union. President Lincoln then proposed the 13th Amendment, legally ending slavery. That amendment, Mr. Speaker, passed this Congress on January 31, 1865, and finally was ratified by Georgia on December 6, 1865. During the period of ratification, President Lincoln was assassinated. 
Black person living in the South faced the possibility of lynching. More than 4,000 Blacks were lynched between 1890 and 1950, and 136 Black people were lynched in South Carolina. 
There are some now who want to continue to honor slavery and to honor bigotry, and this House, Mr. Speaker, must not be complicit. 
South Carolina, was an example of a 21st century lynching. 
I have no choice. I am not in the position 
to, alone, go into the ghetto and fight. I chose Charleston because it is the most historic city in my State, and at one time had 
the highest ratio of Blacks to Whites in the 
KKK, no one doing anything but talking on the Internet. Well, someone has to have the bravery to take it to the real world, and I guess that has to be me. 
exist in this country. This Congress should not pass any legislation, today or any other day, that would embolden those who continue to hold racist beliefs. 
amendment—is misguided, and it emboldens bigotry. I ask my colleagues, Democrat and Republican, respectfully, let’s defeat the Calvert amendment this afternoon, and even if the gentleman would consider to withdraw his amendment and not put this House through this turmoil today. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, yesterday, in a terrible attack, over 200 people were killed across these United States. This headline should lead every TV news show, hit the front pages, and generate outrage from across the country, but it did not appear. This is not makebelieve. The news is real, but no one reported it. 
year now to suicide and drug addiction overdose. That is over 200 people a day. Where is the news? 
deaths. Then there are the slowmotion deaths which we can’t even count, those who have a mental illness and ended up homeless, or have a cooccurring chronic illness, such as diabetes or heart disease, and face that slowmotion death sentence. In fact, people with serious mental illness tend to die 25 years earlier than their cohorts. 
who are victims of attacks. Last week, The Washington Post revealed how, in the first 6 months of this year, a person who was in mental health crisis was shot and killed every 36 hours by police. The vast majority were armed, but, in most cases, the police officers who shot them were not responding to reports of a crime. More often, they were called by relatives, neighbors, or other bystanders, worried that a mentally fragile person was behaving erratically. The crisis built, and it ended in death. 
likely to be the victims of violence, robberies, beatings, rape, and other crimes. These individuals are also 10 times more likely to be in jail than in a hospital. 
your mental health treatment comes in a prison, not in a community health center. Have we become so numb we no 
longer notice? Are we so numb, we no longer care? 
but, frankly, it is a mess. The chaotic patchwork of current government programs and Federal laws make it impossible for those with severe psychosis, schizophrenia, and serious mental illness, to get meaningful care. 
For example, when someone with serious mental illness is haunted by delirium and hallucinations and doesn’t even know they are ill, they frequently stop taking their needed medication. They don’t follow up on appointments and their health declines. Our Federal laws prevent a caregiver from getting their loved one to the next appointment or to follow up on their care. 
tragedy and get these individuals help before their loved ones dial 911. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646, provides millions of families the tools needed for effective care. 
H.R. 2646 empowers parents and caregivers to access care before the mental illness reaches the most severe stage. It fixes the shortage of inpatient beds, so patients in mental health crisis can get proper care, not be sent to a jail, not tied to an emergency room gurney, and not sent home. 
populations. It expands the mental health workforce. It drives evidence based care. It provides alternatives to institutionalization. It integrates primary and behavior care. 
advances critical medical research, brings accountability to mental health and substance abuse parity, and it also provides crisis intervention grants for police officers and first responders. This training helps law enforcement officials recognize individuals who have a serious mental illness and learn how to properly intervene. 
My bill eliminates wasteful and ineffective programs and directs money where it is needed most. It restructures the Federal mental health system to focus on serious mental illness rather than behavioral wellness and feelgood fads that yield no meaningful results yet cost taxpayers millions each year. 
and helps communities adopt programs to stop the revolving door of mental health crisis, violence, incarceration, ER visits, and abandonment. 
more than 50 cosponsors, marks a new dawn for mental health in America. I urge my colleagues to join me in this effort by cosponsoring the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646. Let’s no longer turn a blind eye and, instead, help those that need it the most. 
road, the 200plus deaths per day, the 80,000 deaths per year and unknown number of victims is far, far too many. Compassion calls us to act—and act now. The cost of delay is deadly. For 
those families who are suffering, how can we look them in the eye and defend our delays to act? 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) for 5 minutes. 
days in this House when morality and the values of our country, as articulated in the Declaration of Independence and in the Constitution of our country, summon us to vote as Americans, as moral representatives, and as representatives of the values of our country. Today is such a day, my colleagues. 
adopted earlier in the consideration of the Interior bill that would end the practice of displaying or selling Confederate battle flags and flag merchandise in national parks and National Park Service cemeteries. Those amendments were adopted by voice vote. They reflect the strong consensus in this country and, hopefully, in this Congress, that a symbol of slavery, sedition, segregation, and secession has no place in our national parks or in the cemeteries whose grounds have been hallowed by the veterans who rest there after having served and given their lives in defense of freedom and justice and the values of our country. 
several hours ago, in the dark of night, the chairman of the Interior Subcommittee offered an amendment on this floor that would effectively strike those amendments which surely reflect the values to which all of us have risen our hand and sworn to protect. 
ratification of the 14th Amendment to our Constitution—how ironic that we would meet this vote on this day— which enshrined the principle of equality for all Americans, we have this shameful Confederate battle flag amendment on our floor. 
a policy that allows Confederate battle flags in our national parks and National Park Service cemeteries, a symbol, as my colleague JIMCLYBURN , the 
assistant leader and the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus and an extraordinary Representative in South Carolina, said yesterday was so offensive and hurtful to so many millions of 
our fellow citizens and our fellow colleagues in this body. 
the Confederacy was born, that flag is being taken down from the State capitol grounds after both Republicancontrolled houses of that State’s assembly voted to remove it. 
ought not to see a Republicanled Congress move in the opposite direction. My colleagues, together, not as Republicans and Democrats, but as Americans deeply committed to the values of 
for all, we ought to remove that flag from our national parks, the cemeteries where our veterans rest and, I would say further, all public places. That includes the United States Capitol. 
And I support my friend Representative THOMPSON ’s resolution that sits 
now in the House Administration Committee that would remove the flag of Mississippi, which contains the Confederate battle flag, until such time as Mississippians, as South Carolinians did yesterday, make a statement and remove that from their flag. 
Americans, the 434 of my colleagues that have raised their hand and sworn to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States of America, I urge my colleagues, let us do the right thing and reject this amendment and send a powerful message about what America truly represents: equality, justice, respect for one another, freedom for all. 
Let us make America—every American—proud of us this day and reject the amendment adopted in the dead of night. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY) for 5 minutes. 
to talk about the negotiations taking place right now in Switzerland over Iran’s nuclear capability. With all that has been going on lately, I fear not enough attention is being paid to what I believe is one of the most important issues facing our country right now. 
Last week, the Obama administration quietly announced yet another deadline extension to the multilateral negotiations over Iran’s nuclear capability, and this week, negotiators blew past that deadline once again. 
States and our allies must be to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. However, recent reports out of Switzerland have raised concerns that our negotiators have already conceded too much on major points like uranium enrichment, economic sanctions relief, and inspection access. 
keep extending the deadline tells you all you need to know about the priorities at play for this administration. It seems that President Obama and Secretary Kerry are so concerned with striking a deal—any deal—that they are unwilling to walk away from a bad one as deadlines keep passing. 
The Boston Globe reported that negotiators have spent their downtime speculating which movie stars would play them in a Hollywood movie about the Iran deal. 
outraged. This is an extraordinarily important issue that will have an extraordinarily farreaching effect on this country and the world for many 
after extension and concession after concession to the point that I am not sure a good deal is even possible at this point. 
Middle East with the Speaker as part of his delegation to the region, and we visited countries that would be directly affected by dealing with a nuclear Iran—Israel, Jordan, Iraq, Saudi Arabia. 
concerned that what is being brokered isn’t good at all. 
are here. If a bad deal is ratified, we aren’t just talking about a nuclear armed Iran. 
We are talking about setting in motion a nuclear race, a chain of events that could allow multiple countries in this very volatile region of the world wanting to become nuclear as well. 
community reward Iran’s hostility and obstinance with a nuclear deal, who would blame them? 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the leadership of my colleagues in this Chamber and in the Senate. And I agree with Senator CORKER , who is the chairman 
of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, who wrote a letter to the President, ‘‘Walking away from a bad deal at this point would take courage, but it would be the best thing for the United States, the region, and the world.’’ 
outcome in Switzerland, but we can control how we respond if a bad deal is put forward. 
whether or not to lift sanctions in Iran. It can have the final say on the deal, itself, by way of a resolution of disapproval. 
prepare to stand up and have the courage that it would take to stop a bad Iranian deal from happening. For some, this will take a lot of courage, but it is necessary. 
and Secretary Kerry to put their desire for a legacy achievement above the best interests of this Nation and our allies. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. 
this Confederate battle flag prevailed in war 150 years ago, I would not be standing here today as a Member of the United States Congress. I would be here as a slave. Over the last 150 years, we have made tremendous progress in this country, but we still have a long way to go. As the tragic events in Charleston, 
South Carolina, illustrated, when nine Godfearing, churchgoing African American citizens were killed by a White supremacist, there is much work that needs to be done to eradicate the cancer of racial hatred. 
act of domestic terror, his emblem was the Confederate battle flag. 
a vote on the legitimacy of this flag. On Tuesday, it appeared that House Republicans were prepared to do the right thing in support of three amendments to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the purchase, sale, or display of the Confederate battle flag on National Park Service land. 
Republicans reversed course in the dead of night under cover of darkness to introduce an amendment supporting the Confederate battle flag, which is nothing more than a symbol of racial hatred and oppression. 
have made the argument that the Confederate battle flag is about heritage and tradition. I am perplexed. 
Confederate battle flag that we are supporting? Is it slavery? Rape? Kidnap? Treason? Genocide? Or all of the above. 
The Confederate battle flag is nothing more than a symbol of racial hatred and oppression. And I stand here with chills next to it because the red in this flag is a painful reminder of the blood that was shed by Africans who 
were killed when attempted to be kidnapped and thrown into the institution of slavery. 
The red on this flag is a painful reminder of the blood that was shed by millions of Africans who died during the Middle Passage when being transported from Africa to America. 
The red on this flag is a painful reminder of the blood that was shed by African American slaves who were beaten, raped, lynched, and killed here in America as a result of the institution of slavery. 
decisions on the morality of America. And where we are, notwithstanding our painful history and the legacy of slavery, we have an opportunity today to make a definitive statement to be leaders, not individuals who cower in fear of some narrowminded Americans who aren’t aware that the South lost the war 150 years ago. 
Let’s choose racial progress over racial poison. Let’s choose harmony over historic amnesia. Let’s choose togetherness over treason. Let’s come together not as Democrats or Republicans, not as Whites or Blacks, not as northerners or southerners. 
and vote down the Calvert amendment and relegate the Confederate battle flag to the dustbin of history, which is where it belongs. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the Wyoming County, West Virginia, chapter of Students Against Destructive Decisions, also known as SADD. 
been named the 2015 SADD National Chapter of the Year. Consisting of 300 members from six different schools, these Wyoming County students work hard to encourage young people to avoid underage drinking, drugs, and other destructive activities. 
Wyoming County and the surrounding area, like many parts of our State and country, are limited in the number of youth programs and social services leading to temptations for many teenagers. SADD helps fill the void and is a positive force in helping students make positive life choices and avoid destructive decisions. 
values and demonstrate compassion, commitment, and courage through their work. I know they will take the skills they have learned in SADD and become the next generation of leaders in West Virginia. 
teachers and thank them for making Wyoming County a better place to live. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ) for 5 minutes. 
pointed out, I am from Minnesota. Minnesota’s Governor Ramsey was in Washington, D.C., shortly after the attack at Fort Sumter, and he was the first to offer up our support—1,000 Minnesotans—to keep our Union together. 
Minnesota was at the Battle of Gettysburg. Our regiment suffered 82 percent in casualties, the greatest loss of any unit at Gettysburg on a single day. 
leadership put forward a lastminute amendment that would allow for the display and sale of the Confederate flag in our national parks, an amendment which we will vote on today that would allow this hateful symbol which evokes memories of racism and a painful period in our country’s past to be displayed on public lands, I found myself shocked, outraged, and disappointed because the people in Minnesota sent me here to strive for what they strive for every day: to build a better, stronger America, an America in which we strive to give everyone hope and opportunity, that they too can pursue life, liberty, happiness, and justice. 
is a symbol of a time when African Americans were enslaved, sold as human commodities. It had been used 
as a rallying cry throughout our history for those who wish to keep our country segregated. 
Charleston this flag being used as a symbol for many who carry hatred in their hearts, a man who carried so much hatred that he took the lives of nine parishioners because he viewed this flag as a symbol of his beliefs. 
for any American, and we should take this flag down. 
as I had the honor of being ranking member as we were doing the Interior bill, this body voted to adopt amendments which would prevent the sale or display of Confederate flags in national parks. 
commonsense efforts to place into law standards that the National Park Service had put forward last month. It was a moment of great pride for me. 
bring the Federal Government in line with decisions made by many private sector retailers: Amazon, WalMart, Sears, Disney. And other national retailers have all made the decision to take down this flag because of its racist history. 
Private businesses are rallying behind a commonsense decision to stop peddling hateful symbols. So why in heaven and Earth is the House of Representatives, the Republican Caucus, working to ensure that the Federal Government allows them to be sold? 
perhaps the cost of getting the votes to pass the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill, which panders to polluters, is to wrap themselves in a banner of racism. 
I think that is wrong, and I urge my 
colleagues to stand with people of great courage and great passion to say ‘‘no’’ to hate, ‘‘no’’ to racism, and ‘‘yes’’ to America. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia). The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. 
come to the floor today to discuss H.R. 2964, the Clear Law Enforcement for Criminal Alien Removal Act. 
This is a bill that I have had introduced every Congress since 2007. And we have many Members of this body, Mr. Speaker, who have joined as cosponsors of this legislation. 
It would ensure that State and local law enforcement officials have the tools necessary to help the Federal Government deport criminal illegal aliens from the United States. b1100 
My legislation would require the Department of Homeland Security, when a State or local law enforcement agency arrests an alien and requests DHS to take custody of that alien, to do a few specific things. Number one, they have to take the alien into Federal custody and incarceration within 48 hours and request that the State or municipality temporarily incarcerate the alien or transport the alien to Federal custody. This would allow them to remove this individual from the country and bar them from coming back. 
the DHS to train State and local police in enforcement of immigration laws, the Federal Government to reimburse local and State governments, and to withhold funds from sanctuary cities. 
issues in the last few days, and one of the problems that we have is the sanctuary cities. Mr. Speaker, I have before my colleagues a map that was prepared by the Center for Immigration Studies. We now have in this country 200 sanctuary cities. I am reading from this map. More than 200 cities, counties, and States across the U.S. are considered sanctuary cities. 
they choose to work around and to circumvent or not to abide by Federal law when it comes to immigration policy. That is one of the reasons passing the CLEAR Act is so important, holding them accountable. 
so interesting that the Department of Justice has never sued or taken any measure, including denying Federal funds, against the jurisdiction that is a sanctuary city. On the other hand, we know that the Department of Justice actually sued the State of Arizona for trying to strengthen its immigration laws. 
floor today as we talk about dealing with the criminal illegal alien population and highlighting H.R. 2964. I would ask my colleagues: What does your vote record say about your actions? Are you strengthening Federal law and abiding by Federal law? Or do those actions strengthen sanctuary cities? Do they provide more accountability? Is that what you are providing through your vote actions? Or is it something that allows a violation of Federal law to continue? 
I think it is imperative that we address the issue of criminal illegal aliens, that we address the issue of sanctuary cities; and, Mr. Speaker, I think that it is imperative that we move forward with passage of the CLEAR Act by this body. It is a simple bill. 
It is 21 pages, and you will find in there that it addresses these issues that are front and foremost in our minds this day. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) for 5 
like, first of all, to thank the Speaker of this House and the other Members who came to Charleston last month to help us with the ongoing ceremonies for Senator Clementa Pinckney. 
Senator L INDSEY GRAHAM , and Congressman M ARK SANFORD —for joining 
of South Carolina and called for removing the Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the statehouse. 
This afternoon, at 4 o’clock, as a result of a very definitive vote early this morning of 94–20, the Governor is going to sign the bill, and tomorrow morning at 10 o’clock, the flag will be removed from the statehouse. 
I regret that I am not going to be 
able to accept the Governor’s invitation and be there this afternoon because, around 4 o’clock this afternoon, we are going to be voting here on this floor. 
votes, and 24 of them, I might not feel all that bad about missing, but one of them, I cannot afford to miss because that one vote, the Calvert amendment, will reverse votes taken by this body to join with South Carolina, Alabama, and activities going on in Mississippi to get rid of any official application to this flag, the Confederate battle flag. 
Now, I think it is important for us to 
point out that this is not the Confederate flag. The Confederacy had three flags. This was never one of them. This flag was the Confederate battle flag of the Army of Northern Virginia, Robert E. Lee’s Army; and when Robert E. Lee surrendered at Appomattox, he asked all of his followers to furl this flag. 
your attics.’’ He refused to be buried in his Confederate uniform. His family refused to allow anyone dressed in the Confederate uniform to attend his funeral. Why? It is because Robert E. Lee said he considered this emblem to be a symbol of treason; yet, Mr. Speaker, Calvert puts up an amendment that we are going to vote on this afternoon to ask us to allow this flag to be sold and displayed in our national parks. 
made by the National Park Service, Fort Sumter, a national park where the Civil War started off the coast of Charleston, South Carolina, they decided to take away all of these symbols; but the Calvert amendment is saying: No, don’t take them away, put them back, and we are going to ratify the action to do so. 
colleagues who come to this floor this afternoon to remember that it was on this date in 1868 that South Carolina— where it all started—South Carolina was the State that gave the votes necessary to ratify the 14th Amendment. To me, this was a very, very important amendment calling for due process and equal protection of the laws. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) for 5 minutes. 
March, before a joint meeting of Congress, the Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, warned ‘‘history has placed us at a fateful crossroads.’’ 
this crossroad, I believe America has a responsibility to prevent a nuclear Iran. An Iran with nuclear weapons capabilities would further exacerbate and destabilize the region and would certainly inspire an arms race among other nonnuclear nations. 
policy missteps do not inspire confidence that the current negotiations will conclude any differently. After numerous delays, negotiations are veering further away from any type of reasonable agreement that would contain Iran’s nuclear ambitions. 
it approaches the reversal of a half century of nuclear nonproliferation policy. As Chairman ROYCE stated over the 
weekend: ‘‘The Obama administration’s fundamental misread of the Iranian regime is part of what makes this potential agreement so dangerous to our national security.’’ 
being reported now are staggering and would directly undercut years of democratic success. Sanctions are a vital tool when working to keep our citizens and allies out of harm’s way. 
sponsor of terror, there should be no daylight between the position of Republicans and Democrats in Congress, nor Congress with the President or the United States with our allies. 
against the destructive output from rogue regimes like Iran. As it stands now, the reported details of the deal will not dismantle the nuclear ambitions of the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, if the past is any indication of the future, we can expect that Iran will continue to employ its stonewalling tactics, blocking any real transparency or inspections of its nuclear facilities. 
asked 4 years ago by the International Atomic Energy Agency about their past activities? How can we trust a country that won’t answer simple questions or allow scientists to be interviewed? How can we set up a sanctions relief system that is based on trust and verification if the country has proven objectively incapable of trust and transparency? 
overlook Iranian compliance failures as reported this week in The Washington Post, nor come anywhere close to lifting its successfully firm arms embargo. These negotiations will have longterm implications on every country on this planet. 
I believe the United States has a responsibility to stand with Israel and other allies across the globe now more than ever. We must ensure our allies know they do not stand alone. With the current negotiations extended once again, it appears that the administration simply wants to get any agreement. 
I believe it is a legacy item for the 
President, Mr. Speaker. This administration’s willingness to ignore Iran’s troublesome behavior throughout negotiations does not inspire confidence. 
ago that he would not allow Iran to develop a nuclear weapon. He is failing to keep that promise to the American people and the rest of the world, in my opinion. 
are reaching a critical moment as we speak here today. This administration needs to understand one indisputable truth: a bad deal is worse than no deal. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 40th anniversary since the end of the Vietnam war and 20 years of normalized relations between the U.S. and Vietnam. 
General Secretary of the Vietnamese Communist Party, Nguyen Phu Trong, a political leader but not an official leader. 
two leaders discussed more normalization of economic and military issues, and I know that President Obama brought up the issue of human rights; but I am going to say this: after 19 years in this Congress of fighting for human rights around the world, the Vietnamese Communist Government always promises, when economic issues are on the table, to do something better with respect to their human rights record, but they never follow through. In fact, it gets worse. 
of the Congressional Caucus on Vietnam, I don’t want to focus on what the economic implications are and the trade implications are that are going on with respect to Vietnam, but I want to remind my colleagues about what is happening with respect to human rights in Vietnam. 
serving a 9year prison term after being charged with ‘‘attempting to overthrow the government’’ under article 
Her crime, she was arrested while taking photographs during a protest against Chinese encroachment of the Paracel and Spratly Islands. 
and a contributing journalist for Vietnam Redemptorists’ News, is currently serving a 13year prison sentence for defending human rights and promoting democracy. He has been charged with ‘‘attempting to overthrow the government.’’ He is currently suffering from harsh treatment in prison, including torture and denial to medical care, water, or adequate food. 
currently serving a 13year sentence under article 79 in response to advocating for education—imagine this—for education for children living in poverty, for aid to people with disabilities, and for religious freedom in Vietnam. Mr. Dieu is also a victim of mistreatment and torture in the prison system. 
rights activist and entrepreneur, was also arrested for writing blogs that called for political reform and improved human rights in Vietnam. He only peacefully exercised his rights to freedom of expression; yet Thuc was charged of attempting to overthrow the government under article 79. He was sentenced to 16 years in prison and 5 years of house arrest. 
The government of Vietnam continues to deny its citizens their rights to freedom of speech, to freedom of assembly, to freedom of the press, to freedom of religion. Although Vietnam strives to further its relations with the U.S., it does not grant human rights to its people. 
has agreed to visit Vietnam in the near future, and I strongly urge that not only the President and the administration work on the issues of human rights with respect to the Vietnamese people, but that we in the Congress continue to push because, as we know, as Americans, people around the world look to us as the shining light of upholding democracy and human rights and freedom and liberty and freedom of the press and freedom of assembly. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) for 5 
we are quickly approaching one of the most important deadlines in the recent history of the national security of the United States, the often postponed end of negotiations to halt Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
nuclear weapons ambitions forever, and I have grave fears that the United States is headed down a very dangerous path of concession and surrender to a terrorist regime that has had American 
blood on its hands since 1979, military and civilian. 
Each and every day, we read new reports that Iranian leaders are systematically ‘‘moving the goalposts’’ on these important negotiations. 
First, any prudent agreement would allow ‘‘no notice’’ inspections of suspected—not just declared—Iranian nuclear weapon sites; yet the Iranian parliament has passed legislation banning inspections of their military installations. 
taken it further, declaring: ‘‘Not only will we not grant foreigners the permission to inspect our military sites, we will not even give them permission to think about such a subject.’’ 
would phase in sanctions relief as the regime proves, over time, that it is complying with all provisions; yet President Rouhani has declared: ‘‘We will not sign any deal unless sanctions are lifted on the same day.’’ 
staggering economy by providing an immediate capital infusion with which to support their relentless military, intelligence, and political efforts across the globe? 
been nothing short of baffling. He told National Public Radio: ‘‘How, if at all, can you prevent Iran from using its new wealth over the next several years to support Bashar alAssad of Syria, to support Hezbollah, adventures in Yemen, or elsewhere? I mean, there’s been no lessening of their support of Hezbollah or Assad during the course of the last 4 or 5 years, at a time when their economy has been doing terribly.’’ 
The United States should not throw up its hands and actually allow the Iranian economy to be stimulated so they have even more money to solidify their place as the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. 
provide more resources for them to use their elite Quds Force and their proxy militias in Iraq; dominate that country; and advance their goals in Syria, Yemen, and elsewhere. 
Of course, they will have more motivation to do so. The tentative agreement announced in April and everything we have heard and read since then seems to reinforce the lesson this administration is willing to give away much more in return for nothing in the way of changing their behavior. Once again, we must never forget that Iran has had American blood on its hands since 1979. 
to cheat again; yet the administration makes concession after concession to Tehran, even as Iran spreads violence in Yemen, Syria, Iraq; threatens the safety of our troops in the Middle East; 
and develops new ICBMs that will put America in its ‘‘crosshairs.’’ 
My colleagues, Iran’s nuclear weapons quest must be blocked indefinitely, including the verifiable dismantlement of its weapons infrastructure. They cannot be allowed to remain a ‘‘threshold nuclear weapons state,’’ only to join the ‘‘nuclear club’’ the moment the agreement lapses. 
we know today, we must oppose this agreement. In fact, no deal is better than a bad deal. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
me thank the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey for his kindness. 
ask America to be unified and to be able to have a debate on the floor of the House on a resolution that I offered, H. Res. 342. To the gentleman from New Jersey, it says ‘‘the enhancement of unity in America.’’ 
What it speaks to is for this body to 
go on the record for saying that divisive emblems and symbols—swastikas or a rebel flag, a fighting flag—does not even represent the flag that most people think it is—the Confederate flag, this is the rebel flag—to put all those away; to be able to educate our children about the excitement of how diverse we are; to be reminded of the history of Reconstruction—African Americans who are Senators and Congresspersons; to look at schools who now carry names of people who really might be considered treasonists; to be able to stand on the floor today or next week, as those in South Carolina did, in a civil way, so that our children will know that these symbols that divide are not history; and to be able to stand together and support the diversity of America. 
That is what I stand for, and I stand 
with Houston, who is reconsidering many school names at this time. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) for 5 minutes. 
House Republicans have dramatically and inexplicably reversed their position on taking down this terribly divisive symbol, the Confederate battle flag. 
Democrats’ amendments to remove this symbol from our national parks, late last night, they allowed an amendment on voice, which was challenged. I will be on the floor for a rollcall later today to keep—believe it or not—keep the Confederate flag as a symbol for sale and for display in America’s national parks. 
really a shame that House Republicans last night, very late last night, without warning, attempted to turn back important progress on taking down this terrible and divisive symbol. 
days, literally—after nine Americans were slain in an historic Black church in Charleston, South Carolina. A terrible and tragic massacre committed by an evil individual, who wrapped himself in that very symbol, and celebrated the hate that it stood for. 
Clementa Pinckney and, with other Members of Congress, grieved with that community in their pain. I saw that community asking themselves a question: Why, why does that hateful symbol, that flag, continue to fly over their State capitol? 
Carolina Legislature expressed the will of its people and the American people and voted overwhelmingly to take down this horrible symbol, on the same day that South Carolina voted to take down that hateful symbol, a Member of this House of Representatives came to this floor and offered an amendment to preserve that symbol in America’s national parks—what a shame. 
taken that symbol out of their stores and no longer sell it; but the Republican leadership allowed and would have allowed on voice vote an amendment to stand that would preserve the right to have that symbol sold in our national parks—what a shame. 
watching and paying attention to this because it is a moment of truth, I think, for this Congress. I hope and I pray that Democrats and Republicans—I know the feelings of the Democratic Caucus; we spoke about it this morning—but I hope will be joined by Republicans on the other side in turning back this awful amendment that would say horrible things about the progress that we hope that we had made just in the last few weeks. 
media, #takeitdown. Express yourself. Join with us in rejecting this horrible symbol of hate. Let’s take it down. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to address you here on the floor of the House of Representatives and being recognized. 
over the last week or so, and it has troubled me considerably to watch divisions being driven between the American people over symbolism that has now been redefined by a lot of Members of the opposite party. I regret, like all of us do in this country, the tragic and brutal and evil murders of the nine people in Charleston, South Carolina. I pray for them and their families. They stood up and showed us an example of faith that I think surpasses any that I have seen in my lifetime by forgiving the killer. 
I am not to that point in my faith, 
Mr. Speaker, the least that I can tell, but that was very moving. They didn’t want to see a division created, they wanted to heal, and they wanted to see Christ’s love come out of Charleston. 
Charleston is a wonderful and beautiful city, and I don’t know where I would go to find nicer people if I couldn’t go actually home, Mr. Speaker, so I couldn’t say enough good about that. 
has poured forth over these days. It appears to me that it is now being turned into something that is division, rather than unifying. 
We unified in our grief with the people of South Carolina, the people of Charleston. Now, we are seeing the Confederate battle flag be put up as a symbol to be redefined as something different than is understood by the majority of the American people. 
and the Confederate flag always was a symbol of the pride of the South from where I grew up. My family and my predecessors and my ancestors were abolitionists, and they went to war to put an end to slavery. 
a leatherbound New Testament Bible that was carried in the shirt pocket of my great uncle, John Richardson, and it is written inside here. It was presented to him on the eve of his departure for the war in July of 1862. 
with this Bible in his shirt pocket, it having protected him. It has fly specks on it from laying open by the campfire. It has verses that are written in it. I have found his picture, his musket, his bayonet, his belt buckle, and his ink file. 
That is what is left of this man who 
committed himself to putting an end to slavery. Yet, his cousin, my five times greatgrandfather, was killed in that effort. Many gave their lives to put an end to slavery. 
I was standing before the Lincoln Memorial, reading his second Inaugural Address, and I will read that into the RECORD , Mr. Speaker. This component 
is from Lincoln’s second Inaugural Address of March 4, 1865, when he said: 
that this mighty scourge of war may speedily pass away. Yet, if God wills that it continue until all the wealth piled by the bondsman’s 250 years of unrequited toil shall be sunk and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said 3,000 years ago, so still it must be said: ‘‘The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether.’’ 
numbers. The numbers of Americans who were killed putting an end to slavery and saving the Union: 600,000. 
number of Black Africans who were brought to what is now the United States to be slaves: 600,000. I take you back to the words ‘‘until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword . . . ‘The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether.’’’ 
been paid primarily by Caucasian Christians. There are many who stepped up because they profoundly believed that they needed to put an end to slavery. 
It has been through this brutal and bloody battle. We have come back together for the Reconstruction, and we have healed this country together. I regret deeply that we are watching this country be divided again over a symbol of a free country. 
they have outlawed the swastika, I look at them and I think: We have a First Amendment. That can’t happen here in the United States because we are open enough. We have to tolerate the desecration of Old Glory, the American flag. 
who say they are offended by a symbol. They are the ones who are putting it up for all to see, and then they are saying that we should outlaw that so the American people don’t have a chance to see our heritage. 
is not glorious. Everything about our history is not right in our judgment, looking back in hindsight, but none of us know what it was like for the people who lived during that time, in that era. 
proud of our history. We can unify our country. We can grieve for those who were murdered, and we can preserve our First Amendment rights. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there are seminal moments in time. 
seminal moment in time that will live in infamy. The crossing of the Edmund Pettus Bridge was a seminal moment in time that will live in history. It was a turning point in the civil rights/ human rights movement. 
There are seminal moments in time. The House of Representatives confronts a seminal moment in time. Will we allow the healing to continue or will we try to roll back the clock? 
There are seminal moments in time. If we take this vote—and I hope that 
we will not, and there is an indication that we may not—the taking of the vote, in and of itself, can be a seminal moment in time. 
flag—the battle flag—would be a seminal moment in time for the United 
flag that represents slavery, a flag that represents division. 
We have come together in this country under a flag that represents unity, one that stands for liberty and justice for all, the flag of the United States of America. This is not that flag. 
In South Carolina, the South Carolina Senate and House of Representatives stood tall when confronting a seminal moment in time, and the Confederate battle flag will be removed. 
I was so proud to hear a relative, a 
descendant, of Jefferson Davis take to the floor of the House of Representatives in South Carolina and proclaim that the flag must come down. 
Seminal moments in time. We have our opportunity to do that 
which is right, to do what Dr. King talked about when he said that the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice. 
We can bend the arc of the moral universe toward justice or we can turn back the clock, understanding that this is a symbol that causes a lot of pain for a lot of people. This symbol would have prevented my having the opportunity to stand here if it had prevailed. 
please do the righteous thing, not just the right thing—do the righteous thing. 
after you saw the relatives of the nine who were killed stand in court before a judge and before the person who was the assailant—the person who actually killed people—and say, ‘‘I forgive you’’? We have forgiven those who have fought to enslave us. We have forgiven. 
I forgive you. How could you possibly now decide 
that you will legitimize this symbol of hatred, of slavery, of a bygone era of a time when people were not even proclaimed to be human beings in the minds of many? 
House of Representatives to answer the clarion call of justice and to do as Dr. King indicated, to bend the arc of the moral universe towards justice. 
But it is also something else. It is an 
There will be a moment in time beyond this time when someone will look back upon these moments and he will look to see where we stood. 
the chance to stand for righteousness? Where were you when you had an opportunity to vote to recognize justice as opposed to the injustice associated with this symbol? 
often yield to might. Wickedness awhile may seem to reign; Satan’s cause may seem to gain. There is a God that rules above with the hand of power and a heart of love. When we are right, He will help us fight. I stand against this symbol. I stand 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
today the terrorist army of ISIS is stronger than ever. It maims, rapes, pillages, burns, and beheads in its zeal to commit religious genocide against anyone who disagrees with them. 
minds of thousands of foreign fighters, including those who come from the United States. This is done arrogantly through American social media companies. 
to train foreign mercenaries to fight against ISIS. It has had a yearlong American budget of about $500 million. 
The program is to equally fund equipment and to train these socalled moderates from Syria to fight ISIS. I call them mercenaries. 
the United States—Carter—admitted that, even after this 1 year of training, the United States has only trained 60— six, zero—of these moderate Syrian rebels. 
If I do my math correctly, Mr. Speaker, we are spending about $4 million apiece on these 60 fighters to go and fight, supposedly, ISIS. 
greatest nation that has ever existed sees ISIS as such a threat that we are going to send 60 folks over to try to take care of them. 
who are fighting with ISIS than we have rebels who have been trained to fight against ISIS. 
taking ISIS seriously. ISIS even mocks the United States and its 60 fighters on, once again, American social media. 
that the United States really doesn’t even have a complete strategy against ISIS. Now, isn’t that lovely? 
a national security threat to the United States? That is the question. That is the question that has to be answered by the administration and by Congress, and a decision needs to be made by the administration. 
pick a horse and ride it. If ISIS is a threat, then we must have a plan to defeat them, then actively implement the plan, and defeat ISIS. 
Chief needs to lead. He needs to command or ISIS will continue its reign of terror in the Middle East and in other parts of the world. 
And that is just the way it is. THE CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) for 5 minutes. 
is any doubt in the mind of any person as to what this Confederate battle flag stands for, I urge people not to listen to me. I urge you to listen to the secessionists themselves. 
of the Immediate Causes Which Induce and Justify the Secession of South Carolina from the Federal Union. 
This sectional combination for the submersion of the Constitution has been aided in some of the States by elevating to citizenship persons who, by the supreme law of the land, are incapable of becoming citizens, and their votes have been used to inaugurate a new policy hostile to the South and the destruction of its beliefs and safety. 
That new policy that was hostile to the South was ending the enslavement of the millions of people based on their race. 
Here is a quote from the Vice President of the Confederacy. I think he can speak authoritatively as to what other Confederate flags mean. Vice President Alexander Stephens said: 
Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite of the American idea. Its foundations are laid—its cornerstone rests— upon the great truth that the Negro is not equal to the White man, that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition. 
the Confederate States said under banners like this one as they were fighting and offering the lives of their own children to maintain slavery. 
Carolina House of Representatives finally approved legislation to take down this symbol of hatred and bigotry and the darkest time in our Nation’s history. 
after the State of South Carolina took this important step for progress and equality that the United States House of Representatives would consider an amendment that would allow the Confederate flag to be placed in National Park Service cemeteries. 
symbol of hate, and anyone who supports its being in a place of honor is imposing an insult on anyone who has experienced racism in their lives or believes in America’s founding principles of equality, justice, and freedom. 
of brave soldiers died to save our Union and to defeat all the ugly beliefs that the Confederate battle flag represents. 
saying that the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. Our country has come far since 
this flag to a place of honor would undermine that progress. It is time to relegate this symbol of hate to the dustbin of history. 
Take it down. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
thank the gentleman from Minnesota for leading on this issue. 
It must be throwback Thursday, because just yesterday the South Carolina State House voted to take down the Confederate flag. However, today our House Republican colleagues want a bill, they want an amendment that will put that flag back up and allow people to salute that same flag across our country in our national parks. 
It is time to finally, once and for all, 
take down an ugly flag that is nothing more than a tribute to an ugly past. Mr. Speaker, let’s throw down this flag. Let’s not throw back to an ugly part of our history. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
In these most important days and debates here in the people’s House, we beg You to send Your spirit of wisdom as the Members struggle to do the work that has been entrusted to them. Inspire them to work together with charity, and join their efforts to accomplish what our Nation needs to live into a prosperous and secure future. 
In this week in the wake of celebrating the great blessings bestowed upon our Republic, please bless those men and women who serve our Nation in uniform wherever they may be. 
Congress, and all who work for the people’s House, in good health, that they might faithfully fulfill the great responsibility given them by the people of this great Nation. 
all that is done here be for Your greater honor and glory. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B EATTY ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. BEATTY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
today in support of the Land and Water Conservation Fund and its impact on both New Hampshire’s natural resources and our access to hunting, fishing, and outdoor activities. 
LWCF provides money to Federal, State, and local governments to purchase and preserve land, water, and wetlands for the benefit of all Americans. 
blessed to call one of the most pristine ecological environments in the Nation our home. From the seacoast region to the White Mountain National Forest to Lake Winnipesaukee, outdoor recreation and activities are a vital part of New Hampshire’s First Congressional District’s economy. 
In fact, the Outdoor Industry Association found that active outdoor recreation generates $4.2 billion annually in consumer spending in New Hampshire, supports nearly 50,000 jobs across the State, and produces $293 million annually in State and local revenue. Furthermore, over 800,000 people hunt, fish, or watch wildlife in New Hampshire each year, spending over $560 million on wildliferelated recreation. 
It is no surprise that the LWCF is a 
critical part in maintaining and strengthening those numbers, while simultaneously preserving our beautiful State. 
I urge my colleagues to join in support of this legislation. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, this 
year, more than 1.5 million Americans will be diagnosed with cancer. Fortunately, innovative research has led to more effective and accessible treatments. However, insurance has not kept pace with the science, and cancer patients are paying the price. 
Chemotherapy, previously administered only through injection, is now available for many types of cancer in pill form. Today, oral chemotherapy represents 35 percent of all new cancer drugs. However, copayments for oral chemo can be hundreds or thousands of dollars per month. As a result, it prevents patients from filling their prescriptions. 
forced to make a treatment decision based on finances. That is why I joined Congressman LEONARD LANCE to reintroduce the Cancer Drug Coverage Parity Act, which would require health insurance plans that cover traditional chemotherapy to provide no less favorable coverage for prescribed orally administered drugs. 
bipartisan effort to ensure cancer patients can receive the treatments their doctors prescribe. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, David Keene for 27 years headed the American Conservative Union and is now opinion editor of The Washington Times. 
of our wars and attempts at nation building in the Middle East, there ‘‘is a generation of young Americans who have never known peace; a decade in which thousands of our best have died or been maimed with little to show for their sacrifices, our enemies have multiplied, and our national debt has skyrocketed.’’ 
in the OCO account for our unnecessary wars and nation building in Iraq and Afghanistan and other parts of the Middle East. This is over and above our regular defense budget. This 1year, $82 billion appropriation would more than pay for a 6year highway bill, which everyone on both sides say they want. 
the Middle East and start rebuilding America. Let’s bring all those hundreds of thousands of jobs home. 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the strongest possible opposition to House Republican efforts to support hate through the promotion of the Confederate battle flag. 
battle flag is a symbol of hate and racism. The Calvert amendment would allow for the display and sale of this symbol of hate at our national parks and Federal cemeteries. That is outrageous. 
moments in our Nation’s history, and its display and sale in our national parks is simply unconscionable. Today, our Nation still grieves the tragedy in Charleston, and we remember the nine lives that were tragically cut short by a person whose sole goal was hate and division. 
voted last night in a bipartisan way to take down the Confederate battle flag from the statehouse. Likewise, major retailers have removed this symbol of hate from their shelves. Yet my Republican colleagues want to return it to our national parks and Federal cemeteries. This is simply outrageous. 
It is past time for our Nation to get 
serious about putting away not only these hateful symbols, but ensuring liberty and justice for all. It is past time to take it down. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, as a result of the shale energy revolution, America has moved from a posture of energy scarcity to one of energy abundance. This shift is helping to drive economic growth, environmental stewardship, and greater energy security. However, without the acceleration of natural gas infrastructure in all regions of the country, only a few will benefit. 
project has been proposed to bring this affordable, reliable, and cleaner energy source to southeastern North Carolina, and with it the potential for economic growth in some of our State’s most economically challenged and rural areas. 
We are blessed with the natural resources and innovations in technology to be the energy capital of the world, which would drive economic growth to new heights. The Congress must put into place rational and predictable regulatory structures that create a more stable climate for the natural gas industry. 
I urge my colleagues to support policy solutions that will lead to energy independence and economic growth for America. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
have children to educate, and we have children to love and to have them to understand what America is all about. 
We are southerners and northerners. We come from the East and the West. We love our cooking, we love our culture, but we are Americans. So today I ask this body to allow us to debate this question to a resolution that enhances American unity. 
The Supreme Court issued a statement in Walker v. Sons of Confederate Veterans, a Texas case. Before the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles, early on, as just a civilian, I argued against Confederate license plates. We won that case. The Supreme Court said that public speech that offends or oppresses is not allowed. 
your car or your home, but I am saying that this rebel flag does not represent America, does not teach our children, and it does not heal. And I would offer to say that we are long overdue for a debate like that in the senate in South Carolina, to follow Reverend Pinckney’s words that we have to know how to break the cycle and of a roadway toward a better world. He knew that a path of greatness involves an open mind, but more importantly, an open heart. 
which enhances the unity of our country, not this flag. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
July 14, Cincinnati will host the Major League Baseball AllStar Game, and I want to take the opportunity to recognize a famous Redleg, Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ Harmon, the first African American to play for the Cincinnati Reds. 
many African American major league baseball players, like fellow Redleg Frank Robinson, who credits Harmon as helping launch his career. 
on April 17 as a righthanded infielder with the Reds. With a .242 batting average during his Reds career, he was also known as the fastest player on the team during his rookie season. 
celebrate Mr. Harmon’s legacy by celebrating his career at the Great American Ball Park at the AllStar game 50 years after his first at bat, by renaming a street in his hometown of Golf Manor to Chuck Harmon Way, and by unveiling a statue for the Reds Urban Youth Academy in Roselawn. 
pioneering contributions to breaking the color barrier in our Nation’s pastime. Your accomplishments will forever be recognized by generations of Americans to come. TAKE DOWN THE CONFEDERATE 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
awoke this morning to find news that last night, in the wee hours, House Republican leadership advanced an amendment to allow the display of the Confederate battle flag in Federal cemeteries and to allow National Park Service agents to do business with gift shops that sell Confederate battle flags. 
Carolina, itself the cradle of the Confederacy, has outlawed the flying of the Confederate battle flag on their statehouse grounds, at a time when all Americans were horrified at the slaughter of nine churchgoers by an individual motivated by that battle flag, at a time when everyone understands and acknowledges that it is a symbol of hate, we find the House Republican leadership wrapping itself in the Confederate battle flag. I object to this. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
year, I had the opportunity to meet with Ambassador David Saperstein, the U.S. Ambassador At Large for International Religious Freedom. He is tasked with leading America’s fight against religious persecution throughout the world. This is a significant mandate, especially in the Middle East, where Christian, Jewish, and minority Muslim communities that have been settled in the same areas for millennia are being uprooted, subjugated, and murdered. 
jockeying or even political domination. These are acts of pure, unadulterated evil perpetuated by those of dark and wicked souls. 
among which are commitments to religious freedom and human rights, will always be the cornerstone of this Nation’s foreign policy. 
the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act, because now, more than ever, we need to ensure that former Congressman Frank Wolf’s landmark legislation is updated for the 21st century to be able to give us the best tools to promote religious freedom around the globe. 
(Mr. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
express my outrage that my Republican colleagues, in the darkness of the night, offered a surprise amendment to allow the Confederate battle flag to be displayed in our national parks and at Federal cemeteries. Just a couple of days ago, this body voted to remove the Confederate battle flag from our national parks. 
My Republican colleagues are choosing to raise the Confederate battle flag again, despite growing opposition by Americans who recognize it as a disgraceful celebration of the war waged to prolong slavery in this country. 
progress, South Carolina voted to take down that flag after 50 years of flying it at their State capitol. Why do some here continue to insist on defending this painful symbol of racism? 
devastating murder of Senator Pinckney and the eight other churchgoers at Emanuel AME, this is a new low for this Congress. 
we have 10,000 known diseases, most of which are considered rare. However, we only have 500 cures for these diseases. Americans can do better than that, and today, we have that opportunity to do so. 
We have a bill that will be heard here 
on the floor today, the 21st Century Cures Act, which I am proud to be a cosponsor of and thrilled to see that we actually have an opportunity to help so many people with increased funding so that we can help find some cures, help people—sometimes in our own family, people that we know, our friends—with some of the diseases and some of the things that we face. 
press that we have got, we have an opportunity to actually do something to be proud of, something that actually makes a difference for people in our own community. 
of a secure, livable world lies within those who believe in justice and equality for all. 
Democrats have worked in a bipartisan fashion to ban the display of Confederate flags in Federal cemeteries and barred National Park Services from doing business in gift shops that sell the Confederate flag. 
amendment that would resurrect the Confederate flag in our national parks. 
to South Carolina’s landmark vote last night to take down the Confederate flag from their statehouse. If South Carolina can act, certainly and surely, Congress can support our national parks in acting to don’t sell that flag. 
parks, and they belong to all people. The Nation is watching. Don’t go down in history as not standing up against violence and racism. 
join me to ensure that we don’t sell that flag, the Confederate flag. 
night in the South Carolina Legislature, we saw Democrats and Republicans join together to take down the Confederate battle flag, many with tears in their eyes and still grieving the nine lives lost in Charleston. 
move one step past this terrible tragedy, many House Republicans want to take our Nation 150 years back. 
We were scheduled to vote on the Interior Appropriations bill today. The bill was pulled because Members on the other side of the aisle objected to banning the display and sale of the Confederate flags at national park facilities. 
For years, I have heard all the arguments from those who defend the display of the Confederate battle flag, but it is moral cowardice to ignore this flag’s history of White supremacy and treason, to pretend it symbolizes anything other than a heritage of hate and human oppression. 
belong atop our State capitols, and it certainly should not be sold or displayed at our national parks. It belongs in a museum of shame, alongside the other relics of hate and division that tore our country apart. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
passed away on July 3, was one of those larger than life characters who dot the landscape and lore of the Old West. 
A rancher from humble Mormon beginnings, he embodied the independent cowboy spirit. He was John Wayne, Wyatt Earp, and Dirty Harry all rolled into one. He was a rodeo rider. He inspired a TV series, and he changed the face and future of Las Vegas by cleaning up the streets and reining in the mob. 
devil because he always had an angel on his shoulder. He cut a wide swath 
and cast a long shadow over Las Vegas when times were simpler, but the stakes were high. 
him personally, and I look forward to reading George Knapp’s biography on his amazing life. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to add my voice to this discussion about the Confederate battle flag. 
As a daughter of the South, a Representative from Alabama, a native of Selma, Alabama, I have to tell you I cannot believe, in 2015, we are talking about whether or not this body would allow on Federal grounds, Federal cemeteries, and Federal national parks the display, the selling of this Confederate battle flag. 
There is no denying that our Constitution talks about ‘‘We, the people,’’ and there is no denying that this Confederate flag is controversial. Some see it as heritage, and most see it as hatred. 
I can tell you one thing: we, the people, cannot allow on Federal grounds— we all pay taxes and are citizens of this great Nation—and to allow this flag to be sold and to be displayed on Federal land is unacceptable. 
together 100 Members of Congress in Selma for the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery march, it was not a kumbaya moment in Selma in March; rather, I hope that we will do what we promised this Nation we would do, and that is represent we, the people, by taking down this flag and not displaying it on any grounds. 
(Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last week, many of us were proudly waving our flag, celebrating the Fourth of July, and also rooting on the successful women’s soccer team in winning the World Cup. 
we were doing that, displaying our patriotism, the company that makes Oreo cookies and Ritz crackers, two very wellknown American brands, decided that, for the first time in 60 years, they would close their legendary Philadelphia plant in the heart of my district, laying off over 300 workers because they are shipping the jobs to Monterrey, Mexico. 
Now, keep in mind, this is a company, Mondelez, that is in no way in financial disarray. In fact, their revenues last year topped $50 billion. This plant that was closed is profitable, but not profitable enough. 
But there is good news. I do congratulate their CEO, Ms. Irene Rosenfeld, who got a 50 percent pay increase in the last few months at the same very time over 300 workers from my district were getting laid off. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, we have just learned that the Interior Appropriations bill will be pulled from the floor today. 
A number of Southern ‘‘irreconcilable’’ Republican Members apparently planned to vote against the bill, unless it permitted the display of the Confederate battle flag in our national parks and permitted vendors to sell Confederate souvenirs. This is unbelievable, and I say that as a Southern representative. 
It is unbelievable, after the unspeakable tragedy in Charleston and the action in the South Carolina Legislature yesterday to remove the battle flag from South Carolina’s Capitol grounds. But the House Republican leadership last night chose to accommodate the Southern Republican irreconcilables with an amendment, and now, they are pulling the Interior bill, lest the irreconcilables bring it down. 
Mr. Speaker, we shouldn’t have to debate whether a symbol of hatred and oppression in our Nation’s darkest hour should be displayed on Federal lands. Is the Republican majority really that out of touch? Let us join together to take down that battle flag. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
I have heard that the Republicans have pulled their Interior Appropriations bill from the floor, and I sure hope it is because they have reconsidered their support for flying the Confederate battle flag, overturning an earlier decision of this very body by unanimous voice vote to take it down. 
unforgivably, House Republicans acted to uphold the Confederate battle flag at the very moment that South Carolina was voting to take it down. House Republicans surreptitiously rushed to have National Park Service continue to sell this symbol of hate and to keep the Confederate flag flying on Federal lands. 
to cloak this shady move by wrapping it in language about our American flag and the MIAPOW flag—how dare they. 
Sears, Amazon, and many other retailers have stopped selling that symbol of hate, and that is what a Republican State Representative in South 
It is astonishing that the Republicans are so out of touch. We cannot allow this shameful decision to hold. Take down the flag. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
nuclear agreement that truly forestalls Iran’s weapons breakout ability could be positive for regional and national security. However, I fear too many concessions are being made to secure a deal, and a bad deal will be worse than no deal at all. 
We must remember Iran sponsors terrorism throughout the region. They are constantly provocative and a serious threat toward our ally Israel. 
We all want to see the threat of war 
with Iran diminished and to disable their nuclear pursuits, but giving them too much to secure a vapid deal will only increase Iran’s threat. That is why any agreement must have unassailable standards for inspections any time in any place. 
prior military nuclear research must also be in the agreement. The strictest limits on centrifuges and enrichments must be there. A breakout time of no less than 1 year and a phased performancebased sanctions relief and airtight snapback sanctions when Iran violates these standards must also be included. Anything less should be rejected. 
(Mr. LEWIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
ago, when we were beaten on the Edmund Pettus Bridge and attempted to march from Selma to Montgomery, there were officers of the law wearing the Confederate battle flag on their helmet. 
neighborhoods in Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina, countless homes in Birmingham were bombed and burned. When they set fire to Black churches throughout the South, the Confederate battle flag was the symbol of their cruelty and injustice. 
There is no way, but no way that the 
Federal Government should ever display this flag on any Federal site or sell it on Federal property. It is a symbol of division and a symbol of separation. It is a symbol of hate. It is a relic of our dark past. 
We must defeat every attempt to return this flag to Federal properties. b1230 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, following the horrific murder of nine of my constituents during their Bible study class at Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, many Members of this body came to Charleston to help celebrate the life and legacy of Reverend Senator Clementa Pinckney. 
Carolina for calling for the removal of the Confederate battle flag from the State house grounds. 
going to sign the bill, which passed this morning around 1:30 a.m. by a vote of 94–20, to remove that flag from the State house grounds. Tomorrow morning at 10 o’clock, they will remove that flag. 
been asked to condone a backward step. Why we in this body would do such is beyond me. 
SIMPSON ). The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ). 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 13, noes 402, not voting 18, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
DAVIS of California, Ms. SINEMA, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Messrs. MOULTON and MEEKS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
to rule IX, I rise in regard to a question of the privileges of the House, and I send to the desk a privileged resolution. 
Governor of South Carolina will sign legislation to remove the display of the Confederate battle flag; 
Whereas, on December 20, 1860, South Carolina became the first State to secede from the Union; 
Whereas, on January 9, 1861, Mississippi seceded from the Union, stating in its ‘Declaration of Immediate Causes’ that ‘[o]ur position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery—the greatest material interest of the world.’; 
Whereas, on February 9, 1861, the Confederate States of America was formed with a group of 11 States as a purported sovereign nation and with Jefferson Davis of Mississippi as its president; 
Whereas, on March 11, 1861, the Confederate States of America adopted its own constitution; 
States of America fired shots upon Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina, effectively beginning the Civil War; 
Whereas, the United States did not recognize the Confederate States of America as a sovereign nation, but rather as a rebel insurrection, and took to military battle to bring the rogue states back into the Union; 
E. Lee surrendered to General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House in Virginia, effectively, ending the Civil War and 
Whereas, during the Civil War, the Confederate States of America used the Navy Jack, Battle Flag, and other imagery as symbols of the Confederate armed forces; 
the Navy Jack, Confederate battle flag, and other imagery of the Confederacy have been 
appropriated by groups as symbols of hate, terror, intolerance, and as supportive of the institution of slavery; 
and other White supremacist groups utilize Confederate imagery to frighten, terrorize, and cause harm to groups of people toward whom they have hateful intent, including AfricanAmericans, HispanicAmericans, and Jewish Americans; 
leaders, including United States Senators Thad Cochran and Roger Wicker, along with Mississippi House Speaker Philip Gunn and other State leaders, have spoken out and advocated for the removal of the imagery of the Confederacy on Mississippi’s State flag; 
Whereas, many Members of Congress, including Speaker John Boehner, support the removal of the Confederate flag from the grounds of South Carolina’s capitol; 
statement on the issue saying, ’I commend Governor Nikki Haley and other South Carolina leaders in their effort to remove the Confederate flag from Statehouse grounds. In his second inaugural address 150 years ago, and a month before his assassination, President Abraham Lincoln ended his speech with these powerful words, which are as meaningful today as when they were spoken on the East Front of the Capitol on March 4, 1865: ’With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.’; 
several State flags with imagery of the Confederacy throughout its main structures and House office buildings; 
symbols of the Confederacy offend and insult many members of the general public who use the hallways of Congress each day; 
recognized in its hallways the symbols of sovereign nations with whom it has gone to war or rogue entities such as the Confederate States of America; 
hatred, oppression, and insurrection that nearly tore our Union apart and that is known to offend many groups throughout the country would irreparably damage the reputation of this august institution and offend the very dignity of the House of Representatives; and 
the House and its Members constitutes a violation under rule IX of the Rules of the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress: Now, therefore, be it 
Representatives shall remove any State flag containing any portion of the Confederate battle flag, other than a flag displayed by the office of a Member of the House, from any area within the House wing of the Capitol or any House office building, and shall donate any such flag to the Library of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution presents a question of privilege. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 1 hour. 
resolution raises a number of important questions, and the House would be best served by committee action on this measure. Accordingly, I am moving to refer the resolution to the Committee on House Administration. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the motion to refer. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
gentlewoman asking for a recorded vote on ordering the previous question? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman may state her parliamentary inquiry. 
gentlewoman asking for a recorded vote on ordering the previous question? 
Ms. PELOSI. Yes. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the motion to refer. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 238, noes 185, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 238, noes 176, not voting 19, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Castor (FL) Costa Courtney Deutch Fattah Forbes Graham Graves (MO) 
Hastings Lofgren Miller (FL) Payne Peters Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) 
So the motion to refer was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OLLINS of New York). The gentlewoman 
the House has voted to refer my privileged resolution to committee, can the Chair inform Members of the status of the Thompson of Mississippi resolution referred to the House Administration Committee, the same committee that we are referring today. That resolution was on the floor 2 weeks ago and referred to committee 2 weeks ago. 
of it, especially in light of the action taken by the South Carolina Legislature and the Governor of South Carolina to take down the Confederate battle flag? 
Without objection, a motion to reconsider the motion to refer is laid on the table. 
rollcall No. 426 I missed the vote, but would have voted ‘‘yea’’ had I made it to the floor before was closed. 
Stated against: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 426 I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. 
426, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
426, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
being unavoidably detained, I missed the following rollcall votes: No. 424–No. 426 on July 9, 2015 (today). 
No. 424—On Motion to Adjourn, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 425—Ordering the Previous Question on the Motion to Refer H. Res. 355, ‘‘aye;’’ 
rollcall vote No. 426—On Motion to Refer H. Res. 355, ‘‘aye.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 350 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 350 provides for a rule to consider a critical bill that will help millions of Americans and their families who are suffering from diseases for which there is no cure. 
The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the majority and the minority of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and makes eight amendments from Members of both parties in order so that the House may fully debate the merits of this legislation. 
a final motion to recommit the bill prior to its passage. 
this bipartisan legislation. The Energy and Commerce Committee has spent 14 months working to bring our healthcare innovation infrastructure into the 21st century. 
Today, there are 10,000 known diseases or conditions, and we have got cures for 500. There is a gap between the innovation and how we regulate our therapies. It is not unheard of to have a company take 14 years and spend $2 billion to bring a new device or drug to market. 
and events around the country to ensure that we involved patients, advocates, researchers, innovators, and investors that have firsthand experience and help understand the gaps in our current system. 
healthcare innovation process: discovery, development and delivery. This bill attempts to close the gap between the fast pace of innovation and our current, often burdensome regulatory process. 
to uncover the next generation of treatments and cures. H.R. 6 is, indeed, transformative—transformative of the way that doctors and researchers study diseases, develop treatments, and deliver care. 
the use of data to further research. It modernizes clinical trials and takes steps toward the future of personalized medicine. 
step forward in bringing more cures to patients, this bill addresses our Nation’s everincreasing healthcare spending. This bill establishes a temporary innovation fund which is fully offset, including permanently reforming our entitlement programs. 
Beyond the budget window, these reforms in Medicare and Medicaid are established to yield at least $7 billion in additional savings for taxpayers; but make no mistake. The biggest cost saver—the biggest cost saver—will be finding cures to some of America’s most deadly and costly diseases. 
many parts of this bill. The legislation contains five bills that I have introduced and other provisions that I helped with the authorship. I would like to take a minute to talk about a few of the sections where I have personally worked on them. 
While thousands of Americans are affected by multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s, and other neurologic diseases, very little accurate information exists to assist those who research, treat, and provide care to those suffering from these diseases. 
that I introduced, with Mr. VANHOLLENof Maryland, to advance research 
for neurologic diseases. H.R. 6 will allow for surveillance systems for tracking key neurologic diseases, which may then be used to help us further understand these devastating diseases and deliver their cure. 
needed treatments by supporting expedited approval for breakthrough therapies and actually making it easier to seek approval for new indications of approved therapies. 
Currently, the Food and Drug Administration approved drugs may be only promoted for the approved indication, even if the sponsor determines that the drug is an effective treatment for another indication. 
2415, which I introduced with Mr. ENGEL of New York, and would formally establish a program within the Food and Drug Administration, which would allow companies with approved drugs or biologics to submit clinical data summaries for consideration of a new indication. 
This would reduce the time to approval and reduce resources required to approve new indications of drugs, drugs 
that have a wellestablished knowledge base and wellestablished safety information. 
I introduced H.R. 293, with Representative DEFAZIO of Oregon, to protect continuing medical education, which plays a vital role in our healthcare system. This improves patient outcomes, facilitates medical innovation, and keeps our Nation’s medical professionals uptodate. 
in H.R. 6, we will ensure that doctors continue to have access to these vital tools. 
The provision simply enforces current law, which states that educational materials were explicitly excluded from reporting requirements in the Affordable Care Act. 
Unfortunately, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services has acted in conflict with the law, but we correct that in H.R. 6 and ensure that physicians have access to materials and information to keep us informed and up to date on medical innovation. With its inclusion in H.R. 6, we will ensure that doctors continue to have access to these vital tools. 
We ensure that Americans have access to their critical health information by identifying barriers to achieving fully interoperable health records. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States taxpayer has spent well over $30 billion to ensure that healthcare providers obtain an electronic record system. However, the investment has not resulted in access to information in those records and patients across the healthcare spectrum. 
While we have seen widespread adoption of electronic health records, our Nation continues to maintain a fragmented healthcare system, making it difficult to ensure the continuity for evidencebased care for patients. 
The 21st Century Cures Act would finally set the United States on a path toward achieving a nationwide interoperable health information system. This will be transformative for research and for medical treatment. 
requiring companies to clarify availability of expanded access programs. 
2414, which I introduced with Mr. SCHRADER of Oregon, we are requiring 
the Food and Drug Administration to issue guidance on the dissemination of uptodate, truthful, scientific medical information about FDAapproved medications. 
and Commerce’s Subcommittee on Health on May 19 on a voice vote, and it passed the full committee on May 21, 51–0, the second time in 3 years that the committee has had a 51–0 vote, the previous one being on the repeal of the sustainable growth rate formula. 
would not only deliver hope to the millions of American patients living with untreatable diseases, but it will help modernize and streamline the American healthcare system. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
leading today’s efforts to hold House Republicans accountable for their divisive Confederate flag amendment. 
my Republican friends decided to refer the minority leader’s resolution to committee so we could not have a debate. 
could have a debate, but my Republican friends here in the House of Representatives ensured that we in Congress cannot have that debate. 
think, are ready to leave behind the discrimination and hate symbolized by the Confederate flag, but my friends on the other side of the aisle seem to have a different idea. 
Last night House Republicans introduced an amendment to the Interior Appropriations bill that simply has no place on this House floor. 
It would undo the successful Democratic amendment adopted by voice that would have barred the display of Confederate flags in Federal cemeteries and barred the National Park Service from doing business with gift shops that sell Confederate flag merchandise. 
voted this week to take the Confederate flag down, Republicans in Congress were ready to put it back up. 
And even more troubling, House Republicans tried to sneak this amendment into the bill late last night, hoping that nobody would notice. We noticed. The American people noticed. 
And I am ashamed that, in 2015, Congress would even consider a measure that seeks to perpetuate the hate and racism that the Confederate flag represents. 
the aisle, especially the leadership, seem to be in a little bit of disarray. 
distance himself from the measure, notwithstanding that the Republican chairman of the House Appropriations Interior Subcommittee who offered the amendment said that he did so at the request of the Republican leadership. 
racism and a reminder of one of our Nation’s darkest periods of division. It has no place in America’s National Parks. Congress should not promote this symbol of hate. And now is the time to come together. I am proud to join with my colleagues who are standing up today for all Americans united against hate. 
vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can bring up the Pelosi resolution before all of us here and have that debate and have that vote. I hope my Republican friends will join with me. 
The fact that the Interior Appropriations bill was pulled from consideration on this House floor by my Republican friends because they believed that, without this proConfederate flag amendment, that they could lose up to 100 of their own Members, is stunning to me. 
when I think that this institution can’t sink any lower, then something like this happens. 
colleagues to stand with me and vote against the previous question so we can actually have this debate, a debate I think the American people would want us to have. 
bill before us, H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, I just want to say that this is the product of bipartisan hearings, stakeholder meetings, drafts and redrafts. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
version of H.R. 6 that was passed by the Energy and Commerce Committee by a vote of 51–0. A vote like that doesn’t happen often, especially in this Congress. 
and Congresswoman D EGETTE for leading this initiative and tirelessly working to get H.R. 6 to the floor. 
I think it represents the kind of investments that we should be making to help families stay healthy and to grow our economy. 
funding over the next 5 years to the National Institutes of Health to spur scientific innovation and discovery by the country’s premier medical researchers and scientists. 
Congress doubled the NIH budget and made a real commitment to keeping America on the front lines of scientific research. That investment led to exponential advances in medicine. 
once again giving NIH the resources they need to make new advances in medicine. We shouldn’t let our politics limit our ambition. 
elected to be leaders, and this is an opportunity to ensure America continues to lead the way on new breakthroughs in health. 
the original $10 billion in NIH funding that was included in the bill that passed out of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I hope that we can increase NIH funding back to that level as the bill moves forward. We know without a shadow of a doubt 
that basic medical research produces results. In fact, NIHfunded research at institutions like the University of Massachusetts Medical School in my hometown of Worcester has been the single greatest contributor to advances in health in human history. 
years longer than in the 1970s largely because of pioneering NIH investments. 
All across the country, NIHsupported researchers are forging a path toward treatment and cures for debilitating diseases that impact patients everywhere. 
Our decision to invest in NIH is imperative to their success in improving health for all Americans. 
as one example. For years, UMASS has been in the forefront of medical innovation because of investments from NIH. 
Nobel Prize in medicine for his groundbreaking discovery of RNA silencing, which, in layman’s terms, means shutting off bad cells. 
UMASS has researchers working toward finding cures for AIDS, Down’s Syndrome, and Lou Gehrig’s disease. All of this is possible because of our investment in NIH. 
scientists and medical researchers that they worry about the uncertainty of NIH funding because of crazy things that we do, like sequestration. They worry about our commitment to advancing basic medical research. 
being funded. Countries like China, India, and even Singapore are luring away the best and brightest American researchers because they are committing to making meaningful investments in medical research. 
that trend, but I worry it is not enough. I am pleased to see that H.R. 6 takes a number of steps to modernize clinical trials, improve how the Food and Drug Administration approves new drugs and devices, and encourages the development of next generation treatments through the use of precision medicine, which President Obama highlighted in his State of the Union speech. 
of a major new drug that will improve the quality of life for more than 10,000 people living with cystic fibrosis. The investments included in 21st Century Cures will help us to make more of these kinds of groundbreaking advances a reality. 
Mr. Speaker, for all of the bipartisanship and positive aspects of this bill, I would be remiss if I didn’t point out one glaring inconsistency. 
Despite numerous hearings, round tables, and forms on this bill, a controversial policy rider that restricts access to abortion was added to the bill that came before the Rules Committee. 
themselves. They couldn’t resist an opportunity to add a contentious rider to an otherwise bipartisan package to advance medical research. 
made in order an amendment offered by my friends BARBARA LEE, JANSCHAKOWSKY , and Y VETTE CLARKE to strike 
Unfortunately, the committee prohibited a number of other amendments from coming to the floor for debate. Out of the 36 amendments submitted for consideration, only eight will be considered on this floor during debate on this legislation. 
Rules Committee last night to testify on their amendments. They raised important issues and made suggestions as to how we can improve this legislation. 
bill, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, which prohibits debate on a number of amendments worthy of consideration. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), a member of the Energy 
thank the chairman of the committee, FRED UPTON , and D IANA DEGETTE for 
their great bipartisan work. And we all put a shoulder to the wheel here to get this done. 
All of us have known someone afflicted by deadly diseases. Most of us have seen people in our own families. 
of ovarian cancer. My sisterinlaw had brain cancer. I lost a son to a congenital heart defect. My motherinlaw had rheumatoid arthritis from a very early age. My stepmother died of a stroke. We are all affected. 
Investing in cures, investing in treatments, investing in innovation and doing it right here in America is the best step forward. 
Nation’s biomedical innovation infrastructure and streamline the process for how drugs and medical devices are approved in order to get new treatments to patients and get it to them faster. 
some of the best scientists in the world, including Dr. Brian Druker of OHSU, Oregon Health Sciences University, Knight Cancer Research Center, a true pioneer in the fight against cancer. 
countless Oregonians. Like my friend Linda Sindt, a close friend in southern Oregon, she lost her husband Duane to pancreatic cancer. She said this legislation will put us on a path to improved survival for pancreatic cancer. 
Nancy Roach, a colon cancer advocate in my hometown of Hood River, praised the bill, saying, ‘‘Investing in 21st century science by boosting funding for the NIH makes sense.’’ Colton and Tiffany Allen are residents of Talent, Oregon. They said this bill will give hope, hope, to individuals like Colton, who struggles with ALS. 
Nancy, Colton, Tiffany, to our families, to all Americans and literally people around the globe to pass this legislation, to tackle these diseases that have no treatment or cure, to develop new innovative treatments, provide better health technology, and ultimately bring hope and better lives for all. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Rules. 
is a very important day for me, as a member of the Rules Committee. Rules, as you know, is the process committee. I want to spend my time discussing the process that has been going on here. 
House is to really make certain that fairness is presented to all parties. 
Whether you are a majority or a minority, you have your rights, but they 
have been trampled on and abused with increasing regularity under this majority, and we have two glaring examples of that just today. We have glaring examples every day, but let me bring up these two. 
important to all of us, and as everybody has spoken before makes it clear—and we all agree on the importance of putting more money into major research in the United States— we are falling behind other countries in finding the cures and the innovation for which we have been known for centuries. This is an important step that we are taking. This is a critically important bill, but process matters. 
had voted out this bill unanimously, major changes were made with no committee input at all. They include reduction of the amount of money that the committee had said would be put into the National Institutes of Health by $1.025 billion, a very substantial sum. 
literally made no sense. Why in the world would you put an abortion rider on a thing for medical research? As far as I know, the NIH and most medical universities doing this research do not perform abortion procedures. It was simply a way, again, to mollify people and make somebody think that, if they vote for this bill, they are doing something that is impossible to do. But like Alice in Wonderland, we are all trained here to try to believe six impossible things before breakfast because we are confronted with them daily. 
payfors, which is critically important to everything that we do. 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
despite the importance of this bill, despite the fact that it came out of committee unanimously, despite the fact that so many people have worked on it, and despite the fact that good things were in it, the process was completely changed after it was over by rewriting major portions of it. That doesn’t appear anywhere in the rules of the House. 
what happened here this morning. Last night on the Interior bill, which is an open rule, after the Democrat who was up, BETTY MCCOLLUM of Minnesota, 
had yielded back her time, after the time had been yielded on both sides and the vote had been taken, suddenly another amendment appears at the request, as Mr. MCGOVERN has said, of 
the Republican leadership. So they suddenly come up with this. Ms. MCCOLLUM was not informed in any way. She 
had absolutely no knowledge of what was going to happen. That may not break a specific rule of the House, but it sure does break etiquette. You do not come out onto the floor to try to fool people who are on the other side. 
happened here this morning, obviously, I think Mr. MCGOVERN has stated it 
precisely. Without the ability to have that amendment, without that crazy amendment, frankly, that resolution— as far as I am concerned, once you send them back to committee, you are sending them to interment—we will never see that one again. But they had to have that in order to get the votes to pass the bill. That is the kind of horse trading and all the things that go on here. After all the process and procedure that belongs to the Congress of the United States, and has for centuries, has been absolutely abused, as I said earlier, and trampled on on a regular basis, Mr. Speaker, it is time we stopped it. Nothing happened here today except to make this place look stupid. 
I was born in a border State, in Kentucky. All my life I have lived there. I was educated there, and I was married there. I never saw a Confederate flag in all the years of my life. These battle flags that they are putting up appeared in the South after the civil rights legislation. They were the products of Strom Thurmond and the Dixiecrats. That is when they started to bloom all over. It is a symbol of pure hate and revenge or whatever else they want to call it. It needs to go. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. It is the equivalent to my having the German Government flying the swastika over the Bundestag. 
time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
today in support of the rule for H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
the best things Congress has done in a long time in my opinion. H.R. 6 is a holistic reform of how we can get cures and treatments to patients who need them. That is what this bill is all about, patients, our constituents, Mr. Speaker. 
proud to author will establish a drug management program which prevents atrisk beneficiaries from abusing controlled substances. This program will help protect our seniors. It is a fix to Medicare part D, that is a program that is really desperately needed. This commonsense measure has been recommended by GAO and IG, and it is also recommended by CMS. 
industry, TRICARE, and State Medicaid programs. This bill makes strides to prevent prescription drug abuse and promote a healthier America. 
rule to consider the 21st Century Cures Act on the floor. On the Energy and Commerce Committee, we worked tirelessly with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to get this bill to a place that we could all agree upon, a place where we provide new mandatory funding for NIH to do the critical research that is a foundation for cures, a place where we tweak FDA processes and provide FDA with additional resources to do the new things that will help get treatments and cures to patients faster. 
to accelerate innovation, patients with rare diseases have been at the forefront of our conversations. It is often more difficult to research and develop cures for rare disease patients due to their small populations. However, finding cures for rare diseases is not just of the utmost importance to the patients with those rare diseases and their families, it is important to all of us. You never know where a cure might come from, and often research and drug development on one disease may turn out to be fruitful for another. 
Mr. Speaker, we all need to work together to advance cures and treatments. A provision of this bill would encourage publicprivate partnerships to foster better utilization of patient 
registries that generate important information on the natural history of diseases, especially rare diseases for which other types of research can be difficult. 
to advance the President’s Precision Medicine Initiative to accelerate discoveries that are tailored to individual patients’ needs. 
The telehealth language in 21st Century Cures recognizes telehealth is the delivery of safe, effective, quality healthcare services by a healthcare provider using technology as the mode of delivery, and the interoperability provision makes great strides toward ensuring that our health IT systems can communicate amongst each other and with patients. 
bill is perfect. Compromises have been made. I am disappointed that the amount of NIH funding has been recently reduced from $10 billion to $8.7 billion. I am also disappointed that policy riders, such as the Hyde amendment language, have been inserted after we voted this out of committee, and I look forward to voting for the amendment offered by my colleagues BARBARA LEE, JANSCHAKOWSKY , and 
riders language. With that, Mr. Speaker, I do, however, support the 21st Century Cures legislation. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I commend Dr. B URGESS and Chairman 
that will actually save lives, something we can rarely say we do up here in this place, but I believe this will provide cures for the next century. 
I am very pleased to see in the bill. One is the Andrea Sloan CURE Act, which expands compassionate use to those who have lifethreatening diseases and gives them greater access to lifesaving medications. Andrea is a friend of mine who, on her deathbed, asked me to try to make sure that this didn’t happen to other people. 
reauthorization of the Creating Hope Act, which has now led to the second childhood cancer drug approved since the 1980s and the first FDAapproved drug to treat highrisk neuroblastoma. 
passage of this bill we will see greater cures in the future, and we will not only save adults from cancers, but also children from this dreaded disease in the future. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ), a member of 
Mr. Speaker, coming out of committee, H.R. 6 was a bipartisan huge leap forward in our efforts to accelerate the development of lifesaving cures through medical research. Yet somehow, between the committee and the floor, the majority once again has tacked on antiabortion Hyde amendment language, which makes no sense at all. 
stage magicians attracting our attention with the promise of critically needed medical advances, all the while stuffing the same old, fleabitten Hyde provision rabbit into their hat. We are tired of this tedious stage show. NIH is already subject to the Hyde provisions in appropriation bills. This is just a way to continue politics as usual. 
If H.R. 6 passes under a mantle of bipartisanship, they will pull out the rabbit, wave it around, and say, Look how amazing and wonderful we are. 
I, for one, am sick of the House being 
run like a boardwalk magic show. Adding this type of language between open, transparent committee consideration and open, transparent floor consideration makes a mockery of representative government. Adding an antiabortion rider to bills in the dead of night through sleight of hand turns the substantive bipartisan work that is crafted in H.R. 6 into a pathetic imitation of cooperation. 
House has taken 37 actions to restrict abortion access. While I don’t agree with this paranoid focus on women’s private and legal medical decisions, it is the majority’s right to set the agenda; but I cannot stand by while these provisions are slipped into an otherwise excellent bill through underhanded maneuvers that run contrary to our democratic process. When similar provisions were slipped into a human trafficking bill, we said no. Why aren’t we saying no today? 
version of H.R. 6, but I cannot let the people’s House become the people’s House of smoke and mirrors. 
stand before you today someone who, 45 years ago, graduated from medical school. My first pediatric rotation was at St. Jude Children’s Hospital. At that time, a majority of all those children that I saw as a young medical student died of their disease. Today, almost 90 percent of those children live. 
Back in the 1950s, we had a polio vaccine. It was developed with the help of government funding, and today that would be scored as a cost to the taxpayers. Does anyone think the prevention of polio was a cost to the taxpayers? It was one of the greatest miracles of the 20th century. 
died of stage 4 colon cancer. And I know right now that everyone in this Chamber who is listening and everyone who is outside watching this has had a 
Mr. Speaker, it is time now we as a 
nation got serious about curing the major diseases, not treating the disease, but curing the major diseases that are affecting this country and affecting us personally. I am more passionate about this bill and excited about passing the 21st Century Cures bill than anything I have voted on since I have been in the Congress. 
my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ), a 
I thank my friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts, for yielding the time. 
rule and in strong support of the 21st Century Cures bill that was voted unanimously, in a bipartisan fashion, out of my Energy and Commerce Committee. 
America is the world leader in medical research, and we have got to work to keep it that way. That has been at risk lately because of congressional budget battles. The resources that our researchers need to find the cures and treatments of the future have been at risk. Our commitment to medical research has eroded over the years, but this 21st Century Cures bill would put us now on a stronger path forward. 
I have advocated for more NIH research dollars for many years to boost our patients back home suffering from the debilitating diseases. I have offered amendments in the Budget Committee to shift money from discretionary to mandatory because it is mandatory in America that we respond and we research the cures of tomorrow, such as precision medicine like they are doing at the Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida. 
genome, we can find and provide precise cures and treatments to our neighbors and family members with cancer. 
money has been eroded. I am very disappointed that the Hyde rider was added at the last minute behind closed doors; it was not voted on in committee, but simply stated, this bill is too important not to pass it. 
DIANA DEGETTE from Colorado for leading the charge. We are firmly with you, and we are with the patients and the researchers in America that will benefit from this terrific piece of legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 17 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 11 minutes remaining. 
myself 30 seconds for the purpose of the introduction of my next speaker. 
privilege to recognize the next speaker on our side, the chairman emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Committee. In fact, the last reauthorization for the National Institutes of Health occurred under JOEBARTON ’s watch, one of the 
last things we did at the waning hours of the 109th Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, he did provide additional funding to the NIH; he provided an increase of 5 percent a year for the lifetime of that reauthorization. Unfortunately, it was never appropriated to that level after the Democrats took charge in the 110th Congress. 
emeritus of the Energy and Commerce Committee, for his observations. 
thank the Member from Texas for that generous introduction. 
thenMajority Leader Eric Cantor and committee chairman FRED UPTON and 
asked permission to create a task force, a bipartisan task force—equal numbers of Republicans and Democrats from the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Appropriations Committee—to work with outside groups and experts to see if there were not some ideas that we could put forward in legislation to improve the ability to find and implement cures for all the various diseases that afflict our Nation. 
that task force. We had a task force of 24 members. We had an outside group that included several Nobel prize winners, leaders from Johns Hopkins and MD Anderson, former directors of NIH and FDA. That morphed in the beginning of this Congress to a task force that DIANA DEGETTE and Chairman 
a bipartisan bill that, as has been pointed out, came out of committee 51– 0. 
positive accomplishment to have total unanimity in support of this type of a bill. We haven’t reauthorized NIH since 2006, and that lapsed in 2009. This bill does that. We have taken every innovative idea in the medical community that makes any sense at all and put it into this bill. 
for spending for NIH. We have the innovation fund, which is a mandatory program for 5 years. It puts a little under $2 billion a year that is offset; it is paid for; it does go away at the end of 5 years, but for 5 years, it is specifically going to innovation research that is a fast track to find the cures that are most applicable to the marketplace today. This bill is a revolutionary bill. We 
need to pass it, Mr. Speaker. There are lots of problems. There are things that are not in the bill that I wanted in the bill, but this is a huge step forward. It rarely happens that Congress can work together to do something that is totally for the benefit of the American people. This is one of those times. 
then we need to vote for the bill, and we will move forward, united, to find the cures for the 21st century for all Americans and, really, to some extent, for all the world. 
I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I am going to urge that we defeat the 
previous question. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to allow for consideration of Leader PELOSI ’s resolution, 
which basically says that any State flag containing the Confederate battle flag would be prohibited from the House wing of the Capitol. 
leadership, tried to do on the Interior Appropriations bill yesterday, I think this is especially timely. As I mentioned earlier, while South Carolina voted this week to take the Confederate flag down, Republicans in Congress appear ready to put it back up. 
the distinguished ranking member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight. 
heart is heavy. I am saddened by what has happened here in America. I thought that we have come much farther—much farther—along. 
Growing up in rural Alabama, attending school in Nashville, Tennessee, now living in Georgia, I have seen the signs that said White and Colored— White men, Colored men, White women, Colored women, White waiting, Colored waiting. 
of the civil rights movement, we broke those signs down. They are gone. The only place that we will see those signs today will be in a book, in a museum, or on a video. If a descendant of Jefferson Davis could admit the Confederate battle flag is a symbol of hate and division, why can’t we do it here? Why can’t we move to the 21st century? 
ourselves of the way of hate, the way of violence, the way of division. We are not there yet. We have not yet created a beloved community where we respect the dignity and the worth of every human being. 
scars and stains of racism are still deeply and very embedded in every corner of American society. I don’t want to see our little children—whether they are Black, White, Latino, Asian American, or Native American—growing up 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. LEWIS. As a Nation and as a people, we can do better. We can lay down this heavy burden. It is too heavy to bear. Hate is too heavy a burden to bear. We need to not continue to plant these seeds in the minds of our people. 
bridge in Selma in 1965, I saw some of the law officers and sheriff deputies wearing on their helmet the Confederate flag. I don’t want to go back, and as a country, we cannot go back. 
community that recognizes all of us as human beings, as citizens, for we are one people, one Nation; we all live in the same House, the American House. 
minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. YODER ). 
today to join the chorus of Americans who are calling out for support and research and innovation to cure diseases that affect every family and neighborhood in America. 
would allow us to debate the 21st Century Cures bill forwarded by the Energy and Commerce Committee on a unanimous, bipartisan vote. 
What this bill would do would increase, by over $8 billion, research over the next 5 years to be conducted by the National Institutes of Health. Each year, we spend over $700 billion on care for seniors through Medicare; yet we spend just $30 billion a year, roughly, annually, on curing or researching the cures for every disease that plagues our country: Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, cancer, heart disease, diabetes. 
spend just $30 billion a year on research; yet we spend trillions on health care. We know, each year, 600,000 people will die of cancer. We know, each year in the United States, 700,000 people will die of Alzheimer’s. These are real people, real families that are in anguish over these and many other diseases. 
It is not just a moral issue; it is an 
economic issue. By 2050, estimates are that our country will spend $1.1 trillion annually to treat health care for people with Alzheimer’s alone, over $1 trillion annually; yet we spend just $562 million a year researching a cure for Alzheimer’s, a true definition of penny wise and pound foolish. 
our commitment to curing disease, as I said, by over $8 billion over the next 5 years. 
Each of us has a family member or a 
friend with a tragic story about one of these diseases. These diseases know no party affiliation; they don’t know center of aisle versus the left or right side of the aisle. They know no State; they have no regional boundaries. They don’t know the difference between 
To cure these diseases is a moral imperative for these families, but to cure these diseases is also an economic imperative. If we cure one of these diseases, our investment will pay for itself a thousand times over. The CBO can’t score that; the CBO can’t make any recognition of that. This is a savings bill. 
daughter, and this isn’t just about curing the disease for our generation; it is about curing the disease for her generation and every generation to follow. 
bill bends the cost curve on entitlements; it saves our country from going into bankruptcy, and it helps us balance our budget. These investments are not just necessary for our moral imperative to save lives, but they are also an economic imperative. 
ought to have a robust, large vote in this House to pass this rule and to ensure that the 21st Century Cures bill goes forward. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the Southern strategy was and is a Republican strategy of gaining political support for its political candidates by appealing to regional and racial tensions in this country based on the history of slavery, the history of the Civil War, racism, and segregation. That is a history that is indefensible, and so is the Confederate battle flag which represents those attitudes. 
the Republican Party to denounce this Southern strategy once and for all and to do what it takes to affirm the tide of this country, which is to do away with that symbol of oppression and racial animist, the Confederate battle flag. 
Let’s remove that flag from our national cemeteries, from our Park Service, places of purchasing memorabilia. 
opportunity. We have an opportunity to lay the groundwork for the future. We have the way to lead in the 21st century in providing 21st century cures. 
To be sure, we are providing additional funding to the National Institutes of Health and we are providing additional funding to the Food and Drug Administration, but we are also placing requirements upon those institutions. 
faster, better, cheaper, smarter and that we have to do more with less. 
That is what the 21st Century Cures bill lays before us, and that is why this rule is so crucial and critical today and why I urge its passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies. 
$1.75 billion per year in the budget for the National Institutes of Health. I applaud all efforts to increase funding for the NIH. 
and I am alive today because of the grace of God and biomedical research. So I appreciate biomedical research. 
nearly enough to restore the NIH’s lost purchasing power. Since fiscal year 2010, the National Institutes of Health has seen its budget erode by about $3.6 billion in real terms, an 11 percent cut. If we are serious about funding lifesaving medical research, we must raise our level of ambition. 
of the increase to be spent in certain specified areas of research. I think that this is a wrong approach. 
which scientific avenues are worth pursuing are scientists, not politicians. We should not substitute our judgment for theirs. 
lower standards for medical device approval at the Food and Drug Administration and create a new pathway for antibiotic approval that, in my view, involves less rigorous testing requirements. Again, I think that this is a wrong approach. 
from potentially unsafe devices and drugs. We do not do that by reducing standards. 
using this bill as a vehicle for anti choice Hyde amendment language. Since January, the majority and its counterpart in the other Chamber have sought to restrict access to abortion no fewer than 37 times. 
we need to trust women and that we need to trust the choices they make. We have to trust women. Politicians have no business meddling in those decisions. 
should reject this bill, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I would point out that once again reauthorization of the National Institutes of Health occurred in this Congress in the waning days of the 109th Congress in December of 2006. 
a $31 million base to increase by 5 percent per year. We were told at the time that that was not enough and, with biomedical inflation at 8.8 percent a year, that it was, in fact, a cut. 
was then, of course, the Democrats took control of the House and the Senate the following year, and they never appropriated the NIH to that 5 percent figure. 
and Democrats. This is about finding cures for the 21st century. The gentlewoman is correct in that we do direct some of the research dollars within the NIH. 
bill passed in 2009, $10 billion went into the NIH right then to be spent that year. 
We ended up filling up and filing paperwork from leftover projects, but we got very few deliverables out of that. This directs that research into high risk, highreward areas. We need the deliverables from the NIH. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ), the ranking 
member of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. 
UPTON for recruiting me to help cosponsor this bill with him, and I give my thanks to all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working together on finding cures from the lab into the clinics for so many diseases that we don’t have any treatments for right now. This really is an extraordinary effort that we have made, and it really is Congress at its best. 
I do want to mention that I was disappointed when, after the bill passed in the Energy and Commerce Committee 51–0, that in the manager’s amendment the annual riders from the LaborHHS bill were put into the bill. I think it is unnecessary, and I think that it distracts our attention from the important mission this bill brings. 
I will be voting for the Lee amendment, but I would urge all of our colleagues, no matter how you vote on the amendments that are made in order in these rules, to please vote ‘‘yes’’ for the patients of America. 
half ago, the Federal Government should only be doing things that people can’t do for themselves. 
something people can’t do for themselves at home. That is what we are about this afternoon, providing the rule to allow for the consideration for the cure of the 21st century. 
It is an important rule, and the underlying bill is important. I urge all Members to support both the rule and 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman from the great State of Massachusetts for yielding. 
time for many of us. This is an important bill. But we have just gone through an emotional time on this floor, again, raising up the ugliness of the rebel flag. 
the public and our colleagues about the damage that this flag has done to so many, for under that flag many were killed in the name of slavery. 
of the elimination of slavery. I think about health care, and I spoke last evening about lupus, sickle cell anemia, and triplenegative breast cancer all falling discriminantly on minority populations. In life, there are still issues that face you because you are different. 
that, although we have many issues to debate, when you pierce the heart of someone because you believe he is inferior or different—when you want to coddle and protect the rebel flag—I hope we will get to the point between now and next week, as I introduce H. Res. 342 as a privileged resolution to ban all signs of hate, that we will rise to be unified together and stand under the American flag. 
ask of the gentleman from Massachusetts if he has additional speakers? 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ). 
wanted to speak about the importance of our acting now to do the right thing in regard to the Confederate flag. 
year marks 100 years of the viewing and the premiere of the film that really sparked the reemergence of the Confederate flag, ‘‘The Birth of a Nation.’’ We know that film was bigger than ‘‘Star Wars’’ and ‘‘Jaws’’ and any major blockbuster motion picture. 
was. It revived the Confederate flag. It made the Confederate flag the symbol of hate that it is today. It actually helped the reemergence of the second Ku Klux Klan in this country. We know that that is what the Confederate flag 
the Civil War and with the battle, like Mr. CLYBURN had pointed out earlier, 
because that was a completely different flag. It has to do with segregation and keeping us in the past. 
We need to be able to move past it, 
Mr. Speaker. I would ask that my Republican colleagues do the right thing and join us in moving forward and in letting the past be the past. 
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the chairman of the 
Energy and Commerce Committee and the author of the Cures legislation. 
know, we launched this bipartisan effort about a year and a half ago, and with tomorrow’s House vote, we mark a very important milestone in our quest for 21st century cures, one step closer to the finish line. 
throughout our 18month journey who have helped us get to where we are today: patients across the country, advocates, researchers, innovators, experts, academics, regulators, some of the Nation’s brightest minds, even Nobel Prize winners. To all, we say thank you. 
staff, again, on both sides of the aisle, who took the meetings, who did the research, who drafted the language, and who sat at the negotiating table for countless hours to help us develop this incredible product: Gary, Joan, Alexa, 
Clay, Paul, Josh, Robert, John, Carly, Katie, Adrianna, Graham, Sean, Noelle, Macey, Mark, Tom, Bits, Marty, Tim, Jeff, and Tiffany. 
counsel and the CBO for your efforts and dedication in working through many, many weekends. 
parties, who really did bring their best ideas, who partnered with one another to make their cases, and who delivered so many of the policies that we welcome today because we listened. 
ROGERS and his staff. The Appropriations Committee has been a critical partner in this effort for the last number of months, working with us and developing the right approach to achieve our shared goal of helping patients in a fiscally responsible way. 
from day one. She came to my district in Michigan, and I have traveled to Colorado. We have been on a number of road trips for Cures across the country, and I look forward to the next journey down Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. G REEN for their 
really strong partnership. We have made great strides, but our work continues, and we are not going to stop until the ink is dry. 
Committee for making sure that this legislation has gotten to the floor in a timely fashion. 
to a young boy named Max, the 6year old ambassador for Cures. Yes, although he is faced with the challenges of Noonan syndrome, he has been a little warrior in that effort. 
He joined us when we had a 51–0 vote 
back on May 21 in the committee, and I am delighted that Max will be by our side tomorrow on the House floor for its final passage. 
why we are here, and helping my friends Brooke and Brielle, which will be part of my general debate discussion, is why we are here. 
will send a signal to the Senate loud and clear that the time for Cures 2015 is now. 
Senate counterparts on both sides of the aisle to continue the momentum of getting this bill to the President’s desk. We have a chance to do something big, and this is our time. 
bill is a good bill. I want to thank Mr. UPTON and Ms. D EGETTE for working in 
a bipartisan way to come up with this product. It invests in NIH. It invests in lifesaving medical research. It makes it more possible that we will find cures to diseases like cancers and Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s, diabetes, HIV, and so many other terrible diseases that afflict so many of our fellow citizens. 
maybe we will even find a cure to the disease that resulted in so many in this House voting for the destructive sequestration initiative that, by the way, cut medical research and put off the day of some of these lifesaving cures. We need to do better than this, but this is an important start, an important step in the right direction, and I hope that my colleagues in a bipartisan way will support it. 
want to urge my colleagues to vote against the previous question. 
the text of the amendment I would offer in the RECORD if we defeat the 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. If we defeat the previous question, we will bring up again the Pelosi resolution that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle chose not to debate. The reason why this is important, the reason why we should do this is very simple: because it is the right thing to do. Every once in awhile we ought to come together in 
this Chamber and do the right thing. The Confederate flag is a symbol of hate; it is a symbol of division; it is a symbol of so many things that we all abhor. The time has come to follow some of the other States in this country and here in Congress do something the American people can be proud of. 
and defeat the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule because it is restrictive. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
that will be before us today. This is analogous to the time back in the 1970s when the National Cancer Institute was authorized by Congress in the Nixon administration. This is an opportunity to take that leap forward and perhaps deliver some of those cures that so many of our constituents have waited for for so long. 
Mr. Speaker, we all value institutions and institutional knowledge and institutional learning, but, Mr. Speaker, we also acknowledge that there are times when we have got to be disruptive. There are times that you have to forget the past and move into the future, and this is one of those times. We are all familiar with the fact that, yeah, the neighborhood bookstore may be gone, but we can order stuff online from Amazon. 
Disruptive technology is as important in medicine as it is anywhere else. This bill is paid for. This bill is offset. It sunsets in 5 years’ time. But, as I was reminded by my colleague, the gentleman from Maryland, Dr. ANDY 
HARRIS , a few days ago, while this bill 
is offset, while we are paying as we go for the increases for the National Institutes of Health and the FDA, what if— what if—one of those moonshots succeeds? 
and played a concert at the Library of Congress. This is him and his daughter Ashley. They were on the stage. Glen Campbell went public with the knowledge that he has Alzheimer’s disease. He struggled at several points during that concert. It was, in fact, amazing to watch him play his instrument. At times he couldn’t remember the words to the song, and Ashley would help him. 
This is a shot where they did ‘‘Dueling Banjos’’—very, very accomplished and skilled instrumental work that they both did on their instruments that they were playing. What if? What 
if we were to deliver that moonshot and provide that cure that would have prevented Glen Campbell from falling into the recesses of Alzheimer’s illness? What if that cure were within our grasp? What is worse is what if that cure is on a shelf or in a test tube somewhere and we just haven’t quite gotten around to its evaluation? This is important stuff. 
Glen Campbell narrated the soundtrack of my life as I was growing up, from Delight, Arkansas, a gentleman of 
our generation who was so important to so many of us as we were growing up, and he shared with us there on the stage his story and his daughter’s story. You can see his daughter Ashley looking at her dad. If we could preserve her ability to smile at her dad for a little longer, wouldn’t that be worth some of the fighting that we do here? 
for consideration of this critical bill, a bill that will transform and advance the discovery, development, and delivery of treatments and cures. 
worked on this thoughtful piece of legislation, along with Energy and Commerce staff on both sides of the aisle. All members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce were asked to bring their ideas to the table, and we worked to include as many as we possibly could. 
to all the great attorneys at the Legislative Counsel who worked around the clock to deliver us the legislative language. I want to thank Chairman UPTON , Representative D EGETTE , as 
I want to thank all of the staff who 
have worked so hard over the past year; really, literally, all hands were on deck. There is not one staffer of the Subcommittee on Health of the Committee on Energy and Commerce that does not have their fingerprints all over this bill. I certainly want to thank J.P. Paluskiewicz, Danielle Steele, and Lauren Fleming from my office, who have put in that additional effort to help deliver this product. 
piece of legislation in front of us today. We do, unfortunately, have a lot of distractions, but let us not be distracted from providing the tools for the next generation of doctors, a generation that will have more ability to alleviate human suffering than any generation of doctors has ever known because of our actions here on the floor of the House today. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 350 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
resolution, it shall be in order to consider in the House the resolution (H. Res. 355) raising a question of the privileges of the House if called up by Representative Pelosi of California or her designee. All points of order against the resolution and against its consideration are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the proponent and the Majority Leader or his designee. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill, H.R. 2647. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 347 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2647. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire prone forested lands, and for other purposes, with Mr. HOLDING in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Minnesota (Mr. P ETERSON ), the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B ISHOP ), and 
the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 15 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
support and as an original cosponsor of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests 
Forest System in 1905, the fundamental mission of the Forest Service has been to manage our Federal forests and grasslands to meet the needs of present and future generations. As a result, the Forest Service has played a critical role in rural America, partnering to produce timber, natural resources, and jobs, while sustaining the ecological health of the forests and surrounding watersheds. 
successful in creating recreational and educational opportunities for millions of Americans. However, our forests are facing declining health and simply are not managed as well as they need to be due to numerous challenges that have grown over the past few decades. 
planning processes limit the Service from effectively managing our forests. This also goes along with the constant litigation, or even the threat of litigation in some cases. Both of these situations keep boots in the office instead of in the forests and spend money on doing paperwork instead of work in the field. 
wildfires has been a growing challenge for the Forest Service, with their fire costs increasing from 13 percent of the Forest Service budget in 1995 to approximately half of the annual budget today. This epidemic of declining health and catastrophic wildfires are in direct correlation to policies that have led to a dramatic decrease in managed acres. Timber harvests have drastically plummeted from almost 13 billion board feet in the late 1980s to only 3 billion board feet of timber in recent years. At the same time, the number of acres affected by the catastrophic wildfires has doubled from around 3 million acres during the second record timber harvest to 6 million acres now. 
This bill reverses this cycle by ending the destructive fire borrowing problem that robs Peter to pay Paul, and it does so in a fiscally responsible manner, with the funds only made available for wildfire suppression. In my view, this legislation is the next step to build upon the groundwork laid by the 2014 farm bill and is an earnest attempt to give the Forest Service more authority and muchneeded flexibility to deal with these challenges of process, funding, litigation, necessary timber harvesting, and muchneeded management. 
collaborations with the private sector on management activities. It allows for State and thirdparty funding of projects. The bill reauthorizes the resource advisory committees, known as RACs, while returning county shares of forest receipts for longterm stewardship projects. 
provides commonsense categorical exclusions, or CEs, for certain Forest 
and have known impacts and will expedite the planning process to get projects up and running. 
piece of legislation that will do much to help the Forest Service to better do its job. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I yield 
I rise in support of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation that will address some of the burdensome regulations that have arisen from legal challenges and help get our forests actively managed the way we need. 
For some time now we have been concerned about efforts undertaken by extreme environmental groups to twist 
laws to their liking. The socalled sue and settle strategy has led to policy changes decided by activists and bureaucrats. These policy changes often ignore congressional intent and fail to take into account constituent input and real facts on the ground. Additionally, this means a less transparent and less accountable regulatory process. H.R. 2647 will simplify forest management activities, thereby reducing some of this bad behavior. 
budgetary fix to help address the rising cost of wildfires. Just this year, the wildfires have burned hundreds of thousands of acres and caused millions of dollars of damage. 
land management agencies to the resources they need to fight wildfires without having to rob their other accounts. The current practice of fire borrowing leads to taking away resources from productively managing our forests to keep them healthy and less prone to fire. This bill would end this practice and ensure that agencies have access to the needed resources to fight wildfire disasters all year. 
Again, this is muchneeded, bipartisan legislation that addresses many of the issues currently impacting forest management. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2647, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM). 
want to thank my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) for introducing this bill and recognize the hard work done by the Agriculture and Natural Resources Committees to bring this important bill to the floor. 
manage our national forests had led to increased tree mortality from wildfires, droughts, insects, and disease. The Resilient Federal Forests Act gives the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management the tools needed to reverse this trend. This bill will allow critical forest 
health projects to move forward by streamlining regulations, will give parishes and counties greater flexibility in how they use forestry revenues, and will ensure Federal agencies have increased access to fund in order to fight and prevent wildfires. 
These reforms will put more Americans to work through increased management activities and timber production. It will give money back to our local community for infrastructure and education and will make our forested communities safer by reducing their vulnerability to wildfires. 
Kisatchie National Forest covers 604,000 acres, with 382,500 of those acres in my district alone. In all, forestry and the forest products industries accounts for well over 18,000 jobs and over $1 billion of income in my district. 
valuable wellmanaged forests are to the health of our State and our economy. I would imagine forested communities throughout the country know this as well. 
It is time we start being proactive instead of reactive when it comes to managing our national forests. The Resilient Federal Forests Act will put us back on track to realize the full potential of our forest resources. 
Mr. PETERSON. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ), a member of the 
today in support of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. 
has over 20 million acres of Federal, State, and private forest land. Our forests are a vital part of the economy in northern Michigan that generate over $16.3 billion per year and creates more than 77,000 jobs. In addition to forestry, the outdoor recreation industry also contributes $18 billion to Michigan’s economy and over 190,000 jobs to our State. 
of life in northern Michigan. Like most in my district, I grew up exploring these forests, hunting, fishing, snowmobiling. It is a way of life for so many, not only for those who live up north, but for the millions who visit the forests every year from all around the country. 
are in a state of disrepair these days; they are overgrown, and especially in the Western United States, they are consumed by wildfire. 
The Forest Service, which is entrusted with managing 10 percent of the continental United States land base, has identified approximately 58 million acres as being at high risk for catastrophic fire. Even worse, by conservative estimates, over 56 billion board feet of timber have simply burned away in wildfires on Forest Service lands over the last 10 years. 
dollars of timber rotted on the stump instead of being sold. Those revenues aren’t available to the U.S. Treasury. The Forest Service couldn’t use the funds to buy seedlings to replant our devastated national forests. We are literally allowing jobs for American families to burn away in our poorly managed Federal lands. Nothing about the current process is working. 
steps to allow our forests to become healthier and better managed for the future. This bill would streamline timber harvesting on Federal forests in existing land use plans, while reducing the threat of frivolous lawsuits related to forest management. 
Mr. BENISHEK. In addition, this legislation would allow States and Federal forests to react faster to catastrophic wildfire events, thereby reducing the future risk to public lands. 
number of collaborative processes for tribal, State, and private contracting, which will lead to healthier and better managed forests. 
here today may live in areas with a few forests or low risk of wildfire. I ask all my colleagues here today, especially those not in heavily forested areas, to listen to your friends from forested districts. 
Support this bipartisan, commonsense legislation and help improve the health of our forests. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCANof Tennessee) assumed the chair. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate insists upon its amendment to the bill (H.R. 1735) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes,’’ agrees to a conference requested by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and appoints the following Members to be the conferees on the part of the Senate: Mr. MCCAIN, 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W ICKER , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. R EED 
(RI), Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). 
Mr. YOHO. I want to thank the chairmen—Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. T HOMPSON , 
I stand here today in support of creating more jobs and improving the health of our Nation’s forests through sustainable forest management. 
H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, is a bipartisan bill that will address the growing economic and environmental threats to the catastrophic wildfires. This piece of legislation is hugely important for my district and the entire southeastern region of the United States. 
Florida is home to a multitude of national forests, including the Apalachicola, Osceola, and Ocala, which span more than 1.2 million acres in north central Florida. These forests supply over 10,000 acres per year for timber production, creating jobs, lumber products, pellet mills for green energy, and paper products. 
activities like equestrian and motorcycle trails and hunting and fishing. In addition, they produce roughly 600 billion gallons of fresh water, and that is all in my home State. 
Due to a lack of proper forest management, the risk of catastrophic wildfires has increased dramatically. These emergencies draw critical funding away from the Bureau of Land Management accounts intended to prevent wildfires, thus creating a chronic problem that is only getting worse. 
allowing FEMA to transfer funds to the Forest Service when these disasters occur, ensuring activities like prescribed burns and other management techniques are adequately funded. 
This bill improves management practices, helps prevent wildfires, and should be supported by every Member in this Chamber. 
Again, I commend Chairmen CONAWAY , THOMPSON , and B ISHOP . 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ), chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management. 
let me thank the chairmen of the Natural Resources and Agriculture Committees for working with our committee on title IX of the bill. Title IX authorizes the President to 
declare a major disaster for wildfires on Federal lands and provide assistance to the Departments of the Interior and Agriculture for extraordinary wildfire suppression costs in excess of the 10 year average. These provisions protect FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund and preserve FEMA’s wildfire assistance that is currently available to State, local, and tribal governments through the Stafford Act. 
Because this provision was not included in the reported bill, a legislative history document has been developed to articulate the congressional intent for title IX, as well as how it is expected to be implemented. 
Mr. Chairman, I will insert this legislative history document into the RECORD . 
Request for Declaration of a Major Disaster for Wildfire on Federal Land: There are four distinct requirements that must be met before the President may issue a declaration for a major disaster for wildfire on federal land. 
by the Secretary making the request on behalf of that Department. 
that in that current fiscal year, the Department’s wildfire suppression operations account received no less than an amount equal to the 10year average. This amount cannot include any carry over from previous years and must include any rescissions or reductions. Also, future 10year averages must take into account the total amount expended on wildfire suppression, including appropriations and assistance provided under Title VIII of the Stafford Act. 
that all funds available for wildfire suppression operations will be obligated within 30 days and there are wildfires on federal lands continuing to burn that will require firefighting beyond the resources currently available. 
a specific amount which is the estimate of funds needed to address the current wildfires on federal lands. 
The Committee does not intend for the respective Secretary to have to make a request for each fire they anticipate will exceed the wildfire suppression operations appropriations. As the definition for ‘‘Major Disaster for Wildfire on Federal Lands’’ includes ‘‘wildfire or wildfires’’, it is intended that the respective Secretary’s request will include all known fires that will require extraordinary resources beyond those remaining in the wildfire suppression operations account of that specific federal land management agency. Each Secretary will make a request for the resources required by that particular department. 
for Wildfire on Federal Land: The only assistance available for a declaration of a major disaster for wildfife on federal land is the transfer of available funds from a new account established for these purposes to the requesting Secretary in the amount requested. 
for a major disaster for wildfire on federal lands are based on the existing major disaster declaration process delegated by the President to be administered by the FEMA Administrator. The Committee expects the process for a major disaster for wildfire on federal land will be managed in a similar manner through a delegation of the President’s authority to the FEMA Administrator. Further, the Committee expects that the account established by the President for a major disaster for wildfire on federal land will be a dedicated subaccount of FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund. However, pursuant to the legislative language, none of these funds can be comingled or transferred between these accounts. 
Once assistance is transferred to the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, it is not required that the assistance be used only for those wildfires identified in the request. The assistance may be used for wildfires that begin after the declaration or were not identified in the request. Funds transferred may be used for all wildfire suppression operations eligible activities. The Committee anticipates these will be no year funds, available until exhausted. 
that begins on or severely impacts federal lands requiring assistance under Title VIII of the Stafford Act could continue to grow, impacting state, local, tribal governments and certain nonprofit properties and infrastructure. The provision of assistance under Title 
VIII of the Stafford Act in no way impacts the ability of state, local and tribal governments and certain nonprofits to apply for assistance under FEMA’s other disaster programs, if eligible, including the Fire Management Assistance Grant Program, an emergency declaration, or a traditional major disaster declaration. 
the Department of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture borrow from non fire suppression accounts to fund the extraordinary needs of wildfire suppression operations. 
This section defines a major disaster for wildfire on federal lands. 
Section 902. Declaration of a Major Disaster for Wildfire on Federal Lands: This section establishes the procedure for requesting a declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on federal lands and provides for assistance. 
section prohibits the transfer of funds between wildfire suppression accounts and other accounts not used to cover the cost of wildfire suppression operations. 
and upset the lives of my constituents, my first priority has been to protect the programs that come to their aid, namely the disaster relief fund. 
get back into their homes, businesses reopen their doors, and local municipalities clear the streets so that our communities can recover when the next big storm strikes. 
provide assistance when it is needed most. Our constituents rely on Federal disaster assistance. It should not be jeopardized under any circumstances. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, can I inquire as to how much time remains? 
3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ) has 13 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN). 
Chairman, I rise in strong support of this legislation, and I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for yielding me this time. 
This bill, Mr. Chairman, will streamline the Forest Service planning, allowing for more forest thinning, reducing wildfire damage, and creating much stronger Federal forests. More national forest thinning means fewer forest fires. 
Resources Committee. Several years ago, I was told that there were 6 billion board feet of dead and dying trees in the national forests; yet we were cutting less than 3 billion board feet a year. This was leading to a tremendous buildup of fuel on the floor of these forests, leading to millions more acres being burned because we weren’t cutting enough trees. 
In the late eighties, we were harvesting 10 to 11 billion board feet a year. We had 3 to 6 million acres lost to forest fires each year at that time. Now, we are harvesting a little over 1 billion board feet a year, and the acreage lost to forest fires has gone way up: 10 million acres lost in 2006, 9 million in 2011, and on and on and on. It is a shame. 
be used, everything made with wood— houses, all types of wood products, everything else made from wood—would be cheaper. This would help lowerincome people most of all. 
thousands of jobs could be created not just for loggers, but also in construction and in businesses making wood products. This also would help lower income people most of all. We shouldn’t just let these forests 
burn. We should use them to help people. If you want more forest fires, vote against this bill, but if you want to help preserve our national forests and make them healthier and help the economy in the process, then you should vote for this bill. 
what has become a big and fast growing problem. We should not give in to extremists and oppose this bill. This is good legislation, and I commend Chairman PETERSON , Chairman C ONAWAY , 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). 
would like to clear up some misconceptions about H.R. 2467 and take a little time to tell you what this bill really is and what it is not. 
the President and some of my colleagues on my side of the aisle, this is not a complete abrogation of environmental protections or NEPA process on our Federal lands. 
very, very small portion of Federal forest land subject to catastrophic natural disasters and already subject to expensive collaborative, resource advisory committee, or wildfire protection plans—a very narrow subset of our Federal forests. 
to remind them that, out West, forest land occupies a great chunk of our States. 
Federal forestland. Most of that is managed by the Forest Service or the BLM. 
Threefourths of my State is distinctly rural, little access to this postrecession recovery. Frankly, indeed, these guys were in a recovery for the last 20, 30 years, when timber harvesting came to a screaming halt under our socalled forest plans. Their recovery, their prosperity, is irrevocably entwined with smarter, healthier forest policy that promotes resiliency, which this bill does, and sustainability, which this bill does. 
upon the growing trust, hopefully, between old environmental and timber adversaries by showing what can be done with good forest policy in a collaborative framework on our Federal forestlands. 
subjected Federal forestland contributes millions of tons of carbon annually to our atmosphere. Rotting trees are carbon polluters. Burning forests are carbon polluters. 
made healthy again. If you care at all about climate change or the health of our Federal forests or, hopefully, the health of rural communities around 
America, you should be for this narrowly crafted bill to collaboratively build a sustainable forest policy. 
only pertains to a narrow set of projects and lands, including areas affected by or likely to be affected by these natural disasters. 
collaborative processes or under these federally sanctioned resource advisory committees already in place or covered by community wildfire protection plans. In other words, these are areas that already have had extensive proactive management discussions on these lands with community partners across the environmental and timber resource spectrum. This is exactly where a streamlined NEPA process should be placed. 
Contrary to information you have received, this is not eliminating environmental impact statements. It does permit a small exclusion of 5,000 to 15,000 acres for a narrow type of project. 
spending hundreds of millions of dollars on NEPA compliance, the single biggest factor in limiting the amount of work the agency can get done on the ground. 
restoring forests after a wildfire. No permanent roads are allowed to be built, current stream buffers stay in place unless the regional forester has a compelling reason to change them, and reforestation is required with an eye to creating more successional habitat, something our environmental community has wanted for a long time. 
here. Where are you going to do it? Didn’t we accelerate the process a little after Sandy or Katrina? 
some of my citizens, several of my constituents out west are feeling that there is a lack of fairness in our disaster policy. 
groups to file a litany of alleged grievances on any forest project that is suggested, mostly just to drag out the process and delay good forest policy they disagree with, at great taxpayer expense. Most of these claims are purely procedural. 
game by forcing these groups to focus on legitimate, substantive claims of impropriety that they feel they can win on. That is fair, and that is what this bonding proposal actually does. 
rural America, they are being left behind. The timber economy was the major economy for these forested regions for decades. They are not seeing large companies, hightech manufacturing moving into their remote areas. These are communities that have depended on our renewable natural resources for their livelihood. 
about the worst it has been out west in a long, long time. Our forests are 
Give local communities the tools they need and have to deal with and prevent these catastrophes, frankly, learn how to work together again to build healthier forests and healthier rural communities. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
don’t believe I have any additional speakers. I could yield time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he wishes. 
unanimous consent to yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to finish out. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Minnesota yields the balance of his time, which is 8 minutes, to the gentleman from Pennsylvania to control. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the ranking member for his generosity and his leadership on the important issue of agriculture, and certainly on this bill as well. 
key if the Forest Service is to have the flexibility it needs to actively manage our Nation’s Federal timberland. 
Now, I come from a State where forestry is critically important to our economy and our ecosystem. In fact, forestry is a $13 billion industry in Alabama. Thankfully, my State does not have a serious issue with wildfires due to our active forest management. That said, it does not mean that my area isn’t impacted by the wildfire crisis. 
Land Management are forced to spend so much money fighting wildfires that they have to take money away from other nonfire accounts that, ironically, help prevent wildfires, like thinning and controlled burns. 
sense. By simplifying the environmental process requirements and reducing burdensome regulations that hinder active forest management on Federal timberland, we can help reduce wildfires and protect our Nation’s forests. 
from Arkansas and others for their work on this bill and the continued leadership on behalf of our Nation’s foresters. 
in this House to support this legislation, and I call on the Senate to act on this bill right away. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Oregon, (Mr. WALDEN ), an Eagle Scout. 
to thank the members of the committee on both sides, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, for their great work on this legislation. This is really, really important. 
what our State faces and our rural communities face, and that is why this Resilient Federal Forests Act is so important to beginning to be a game changer, to getting us back into active management of our Federal forestlands, to reducing the threat of wildfire, the cost of wildfire, the destruction of wildfire, and the incredible pollution from wildfire. 
floor, brave firefighters are still trying to contain the Corner Creek fire, which has already burned nearly 29,000 acres of forestland near Dayville, Oregon, in my district—29,000 acres already burned. And unfortunately, this fire season in the West has only just begun. 
this bill are streamlining planning, reducing frivolous lawsuits, and speeding up the pace of forest management. Several in particular are helpful to our great State of Oregon. 
For national forests in eastern Oregon, this legislation repeals the prohibition on harvesting trees over 21 inches in diameter. Now, there is no real ecological reason for this. It was a temporary measure put in place 20 some years ago, nearly. It remains today. It didn’t make sense then, it doesn’t make sense now, and it will be repealed. 
This flawed onesizefitsall rule illustrates, I think, just how broken the Federal forest management has become. So it greatly limits the flexibility forest managers have to do what is right for the health and ecosystem of the forests to make them more resilient, more fire tolerant. 
wrote with my colleagues from Oregon, Representatives DeFazio and KURT 
unique O&C Lands. It will cut costs, increase timber harvests and revenue to local counties. 
their flawed management plan proposals to consider the clear statutory mandate to manage these lands for sustainable timber production and revenue to the counties. 
the West makes clear that the status quo simply is not working for our forests, for our communities, or for the environment. We need to do better. This Resilient Federal Forests Act will do that. It will bring better and healthier forests and healthier communities. 
this good piece of legislation and encourage my colleagues to approve it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE). 
generation Montanan, I grew up in timber country. Our mills and train yards were in full swing, and visitors from around the world flocked to see Glacier Park. Revenues from the timber industry were reinvested in the community, and conservation efforts of the Forest Service helped our timber harvest. 
and a strong timber economy are not mutually exclusive. That is why I support—strongly support—the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. It does what it should do. It encourages local organizations to work together on collaborative projects that revitalize the economy. But not only that, it revitalizes our forests. 
today, there are two wildfires in my home State of Montana, just a few miles from where I grew up. And as of today, more than 3.9 million acres across our Nation have burned in wildfires this year alone. That is larger than the entire State of Connecticut. 
We are on track for more than double, if conditions don’t improve. Just last week, the Forest Service, whom I visited, said we are in the perfect storm. In the words of the former Chief of the Forest Service, Chief Bosworth, we don’t have a fire problem as much as we have a land management problem. That is why this bill is so important. 
district, I toured the site of the Glacier Rim fire. This fire is burning the same ground that burned in 2003. I was told by people on the ground that the reason why this fire is burning is the Forest Service was not able to conduct a salvage operation for fear of lawsuits, among other reasons, and those lawsuits left standing timber which cannot be addressed by crews, which only can be addressed by helicopters, and that is a $1 million project. And habitat, it is a member, a part of the core grizzly habitat. It has not burned once; it has burned twice in 15 years. 
woods and less lawyers, and I urge my colleagues to join me in a bipartisan effort to support this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ). 
to thank my colleagues from Pennsylvania and Utah and their committee work on this. 
wildfire. In the high desert rangelands of Nevada, as well as the conifer forests of such mountain ranges as the Sierra Nevadas around Lake Tahoe, the Ruby Mountains around Elko, or the Toiyabes around Austin, Nevada, we have a 100year resource there. Once it burns, it is 100 years before it comes back by the time you take into account those moisture regimens and everything affiliated with that. And then 
after it burns to get permission just to go after that, this is great legislation. 
the Razorback State for his work on it and the other folks that have helped him. 
One of the reasons that this is so important to our State is, in the last 20 years, just on BLM land, we have burned between 6 and 7 million acres. And guess what. We are dealing with a thing called the sagegrouse listing, where they talk about loss and fragmentation of habitat. It is nobody’s fault, mostly lightningcaused fires 40 miles from the end of the nearest dirt road—6 or 7 million acres to catastrophic wildland fire. 
thinning of fuels, and also the ability to recognize that the funding for this is something that needs to be a FEMArelated thing rather than just through the normal budget process are all great ideas. 
their help. On behalf of the people of the Silver State, thank you very much. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank all my colleagues, Ranking Member PETER SON, who all spoke on this very important bill. 
H.R. 2647 is a commonsense, bipartisan solution to start fixing a broken system. 
Right now, miles of red tape and constant litigation, usually from groups that refuse to come to the table, are preventing our forests from receiving the active management they desperately need. This leads to more catastrophic wildfires and more money diverted from other priorities to fight fires. 
this cycle. It gives the agencies more flexibility to manage our Federal lands, which protects wildlife habitat and surrounding watersheds, spurs growth in the rural economy, and saves time and saves money. 
his leadership on this, Chairman C ONAWAY , Chairman B ISHOP , Ranking 
The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 15 minutes. 
I appreciate the opportunity of being here, talking about this significant bill that is going to increase and improve our status quo. 
begin our portion of this debate, who is the chief sponsor of this particular bill, who has a personal background, actually, having earned a degree in forestry even from the State of Arkansas. 
rise today in support of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. This bipartisan legislation will give the Forest Service tools it needs to better manage our national forests. 
worked alongside a fellow Yale forester, Gifford Pinchot, to create the U.S. Forest Service, are the two I would credit as the fathers of our national forest. 
well if it treats the natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next generation increased and not impaired in value.’’ 
forest policy that is leaving one of our most treasured natural resources less resilient, decreased, and impaired in value. 
Without forests that are healthy, we have poor water quality, poor air quality, less wildlife habitat, less biodiversity. My bill aims to fix these problems, and it aims to fix them through proactive and sound management. 
First, our forests are living and dynamic, but we have a problem of delayed decisionmaking or, even worse, no decisionmaking at all. This bill 
incentivizes collaboration and speeds up the implementation of collaborative projects while safeguarding strong and timely environmental reviews. 
timber destroyed in catastrophic events, which makes the forest more dangerous, increases future wildfire problems, and makes it difficult for reforestation. This bill sets up requirements for salvage and reforestation. The Forest Service would have to implement greater reforestation in response to catastrophic events. 
area is reforested after a catastrophic event. This is unacceptable. My bill requires 75 percent reforestation within 5 years. 
We have a problem in our rural communities that not only depend on our forests for their sustenance, but also provide emergency services, education, and support for the forests and residents who live near the forest. 
As our forests are decreased and impaired in value, our forest communities immediately suffer and suffer even more in the future. 
spending Secure Rural Schools funding and puts 25 percent of stewardship contracts into the county treasury for our schools and other public services. 
legislation solves, but none are more important than problems caused by having to spend too much of our Forest Service budget for reactive fire suppression rather than on proactive sound management and fire prevention. 
This bill ends the destructive practice of fire borrowing in a fiscally responsible manner. It creates a subaccount under the Stafford Act specifically for fighting wildfire. I would like to thank Chairmen 
BISHOP , C ONAWAY , and S HUSTER for 
their assistance with this critical bipartisan bill. Our national forests desperately need scientific management to become resilient again. 
In the words of Roosevelt, I call on us 
to behave well, to treat our forest resources as assets that we will turn over to the next generation increased and not impaired in value. 
today and call on the Senate to act promptly to ease the burdens of the summer fire season. 
that are tasked to provide multiple benefits to the American people. These include clean water, clean air, wildlife habitat, open space, as well as robust recreation and timber economies that provide jobs and partner with Federal land managers to improve forest health. 
Everyone agrees that we must increase the pace of restoration work to limit the impacts of catastrophic wildfires and to improve the longterm health of our forests. 
thinking and potentially useful concepts that, if done right, could help the Forest Service achieve its longterm goal of healthy, sustainable forests. 
For example, the bill provides incentives for collaboration, which has been identified as a priority by witnesses from both sides of the aisle. 
H.R. 2647 also offers a potential solution to the devastating impact of fire borrowing, the practice of transferring funds away from forest restoration projects for use in fighting wildfires. 
policy and this particular bill, Democrats, including myself, have urged the majority to deal with how we pay for the largest and most catastrophic wildfires, which represent only 1 percent of wildfires, but consume 30 percent of the entire agency’s firefighting budget. 
I am glad that the majority acknowledges the urgent need to address the fact that over 50 percent of the Forest Service budget goes to fighting wildfires, squeezing out funds needed for all other critical Forest Service programs, most especially those that focus on forest health. 
not offset the many serious concerns that I still have with this legislation, which was developed without any input from Natural Resources Committee Democrats. 
In fact, when the Federal Lands Subcommittee held its hearing, the bill was still in draft form. This process even left the Forest Service without 
Instead of working together on a bipartisan basis to improve the health of our national forests, about which we all care, this bill irresponsibly chips away at the environmental safeguards of the National Environmental Policy Act and places tremendous burdens on American citizens seeking to participate in the public review process of Forest Service projects. 
For example, H.R. 2647 would ‘‘categorically exclude’’ or exempt a wide range of timber and restoration projects from critical environmental analysis and public review. This means that thousands of acres of sensitive ecosystems would be much more vulnerable to degradation and damage. 
process raise serious constitutional concerns, eroding some of the bedrock principles of the American legal system that protect the basic rights of citizens to participate in the Federal decisionmaking process and to hold their government accountable. 
law, a citizen challenging a Federal decision would be required to post a bond equal to the government’s cost, expenses, and attorneys’ fees. 
paid out of that bond. But if plaintiffs win—and by win, I mean a court has to rule in favor of plaintiffs on all causes of action—plaintiffs simply have their bond returned and are precluded from getting an award of attorneys’ fees. 
Committee can attest, this provision flies directly in the face of American legal precedent. 
forests, belong to all Americans. They are a public good. Bedrock environmental laws, like the National Environmental Policy Act, makes sure that the public voice is heard and that critical habitats are protected not only for species that rely on our national forests and grasslands, but also for American citizens who depend on these lands for their drinking water and economic livelihoods or simply to enjoy their treasured beauty. 
this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
forest policy for my entire tenure in Congress. I have some of the most productive and fabulous forest lands in the entire Federal system, both Forest Service and BLM lands, under a unique O&C management. 
very, very potentially bad fire season, June record heat, no precipitation. We had very little snowpack last winter, and the heavy fuels are already as dry 
will break out. BLM and Forest Service can’t stop fighting the fires. So they will borrow from other accounts, including fuel reduction to protect forest values and communities, forest health, and a myriad of other programs. 
year. It is time to end that, and this bill takes that first step in ending that practice of fire borrowing. 
the resource agencies, the resources themselves, and our preparedness and capability of fighting fires. That alone gives this bill tremendous merit. 
It deals with some other longstanding issues in Oregon. We adopted something called temporary eastside screens back in 1993, I believe, saying you couldn’t cut any tree over 21 inches in diameter. 
makes no sense to the premier forest scientists in the world, Jerry Franklin and Norm Johnson. 
growing there, because of repression of fire for the last 100 years, that are 100 years old. They are over 21 inches. 
ponderosas that are 200 years old, and they are going to kill the ponderosa stands, the native trees. 
and deal with that issue. With this legislation they finally can. 
provision of the Northwest Forest Plan called Survey and Manage, literally crawling around on the forest floor, looking for slugs, snails, calling for owls, and doing all these things 3 years in a row. 
This, again, is not necessary, according to the premier scientists, and is incredibly expensive and timeconsuming on the part of the Bureau of Land Management. 
In fact, the Bureau of Land Management’s new plans—each plan, no matter what the output level, would do away with that practice. So this bill does away with that practice, saving the BLM resources and moving ahead with better management. 
that relate to these O&C lands. I want to thank Chairman BISHOP and Chairman M CCLINTOCK for working with myself, Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. W ALDEN in 
order to address these issues, extending the comment period, developing new management options. 
Delegation’s bipartisan request to extend the comment period on these critical management plans. So that itself is also great merit. 
the Polis amendment to deal with the bonding issue and the cost recovery issue, which I don’t think belongs in this bill. I have concerns about the magnitude 
of the CEs for fire recovery and salvage. But, on balance, the other parts of this bill are important to the point where the bill should receive support from people that care about the future of our forests. 
issues for a long time—nearly 30 years. I represent a district with some of the most productive public timberlands in the entire world. I also represent a district that cares deeply— passionately—about the environment and our incredible national forests. 
For 30 years I have been trying to find a 
middle ground on national forest policy—a balanced approach. I believe that having a healthy timber industry, good paying jobs in rural communities, and permanent protection for our nation’s most iconic resources—like old growth trees and pristine rivers—are not and should not be mutually exclusive. 
Do I think the bill before the House today is 
a perfect bill? Absolutely not. But when you are working on a contentious, complex, and often emotional issue like national forest policy—there is no such thing as a ‘‘perfect bill.’’ 
up at an alarming rate. They are dying from disease and bugs. Our land management agencies don’t have the financial resources or tools to deal with existing threats let alone emerging threats, like climate change. The Federal Government spends billions of dollars every year to fight fires on public lands, rather than investing those dollars in forest health and resiliency to reduce wildfire risks. 
to suffer from double digit unemployment. Even the mills that have retrofitted to process small diameter logs are struggling to make it. And rural counties dependent on timber receipts are failing to keep violent criminals in jail, sheriff deputies on our roads, and kids and teachers in the classroom. 
So, again, no. I don’t think this is a perfect 
bill. But, Congress needs to do something to change the status quo for our forests and rural communities. We need to have this conversation and work together to find middle ground. 
bill. One of the most important provisions attempts to end ‘‘fire borrowing’’—a top priority of mine when I was Ranking Member of the Natural Resources Committee and a remaining priority of mine as Ranking Member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee that has jurisdiction over FEMA. 
Right now, when federal land managers exhaust congressionally appropriated dollars to fight fires, the agencies have to borrow money from other accounts. Often times those accounts fund the very activities—like thinning overstocked plantations, reducing hazardous fuels, or completing work in the Wildland Urban Interface—that can actually help reduce the risk of catastrophic wildfires! That’s a terrible way to do business. 
other natural disasters and we should stop robbing Peter to pay Paul. The wildfire funding language in this bill—while not perfect—moves us in the right direction. 
This bill also includes provisions that will improve forest management in the Pacific Northwest. The bill would remove the unscientific 
the Forest Service from cutting any tree in Eastern Oregon and Eastern Washington that is larger than 21 inches in diameter. 
that the 21 inch rule was intended to provide interim protection for larger, older trees until scientifically based standards for old growth were established. Well, guess what? After more than two decades those standards have still not been established, handcuffing the Forest Service from carrying out common sense forest projects. 
diameter Douglas fir tree that is outcompeting and putting at risk a native, 200 yearold stand of ponderosa pine, you can’t cut that fir. That would violate the Eastside Screens. 
need protection for old growth forests and I was the first to pass permanent, legislative protection for old growth in Western Oregon out of the House last year. But, those protections should be scientific and implementable. 
more than 20 years ago, known as Survey and Manage, that literally has land management personnel on their hands and knees on the forest floor looking for liverworts, fungi, slugs, snails, mosses, and 300 other types of flora and fauna before any forest activity can take place. I am all for robust analysis and considering the impacts of human activity on rare and special species. But we also need to be responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars and aware of the consequences of overanalysis, lengthy delays, and not taking action. 
agrees with me. That’s why all of the Resource Management Plan alternatives for Western Oregon would eliminate Survey and Manage. 
to do on the Resource Management Plans for the statutorily unique O&C Lands. Despite requests from most of the Oregon Congressional Delegation to extend the public comment period to analyze thousands of pages of documentation for the alternatives, the BLM decided not to award an extension. 
I want to thank Chairman BISHOP and Chairman M CCLINTOCK for working with me, Rep. 
WALDEN , and Rep. S CHRADER to include language that would direct the BLM to consider additional alternatives for the O&C Lands— 
ranging from a sustained yield alternative to a carbon storage alternative—and to extend the public comment period by 180 days. These Resource Management Plans will govern management on the O&C Lands for years to come—perhaps decades—and we must get them right. Taking time to analyze new alternatives and giving the public more time to review and comment is absolutely crucial. 
I also want to thank the respective Chairmen for incorporating the Public Domain lands within the O&C land base. These lands in Western Oregon are already managed in the same manner. Reclassifying the Public Domain lands as O&C Lands will improve management efficiency, provide clarity to the BLM, and create additional revenues for the O&C Counties. 
But, as I mentioned, this bill isn’t perfect. In 
fact, it includes a number of troubling provisions that should be completely eliminated or substantially modified before being signed into law. PROVISIONS OF CONCERN  
exclusions (CEs) for salvage logging projects up to 5,000 acres in size. That’s 20 times larger than the current 250acre size limitation for salvage logging CEs adopted by the Bush Administration. Unfortunately, the Committee adopted an amendment during markup that eliminated key restrictions on the construction of temporary roads within the salvage project area. These provisions are a nonstarter. 
create early successional habitat. I worked with the preeminent scientists in the world on pilot projects in Oregon with similar management goals. But for these projects to work and for there to be social buyin, there need to be strong sideboards for such projects, like green tree retention requirements and old growth protection. 
Language has been added that could exempt the application of herbicides from a full environmental impact statement when used to ‘‘improve, remove, or reduce the risk of wildfire.’’ I understand the Forest Service uses herbicides in limited circumstances to address noxious weeds and other threats through manual application. But such application should remain extremely limited, publicly transparent, and restricted to manual application instead of aerial application. There should be no ambiguity in this language and its intent, nor should it expand herbicide application on public lands. 
This bill would make it harder for a person 
with a legitimate grievance against a federal land management agency to sue by requiring that person to post a bond covering the anticipated costs, expenses, and attorneys’ fees of the government to defend the lawsuit. I understand you want to limit frivolous lawsuits or lawsuits from parties that don’t meaningfully engage in the public process. But this isn’t the way to do it. I will be voting for an amendment later today to strike the entire section. 
Mr. Chair, this bill has some important, balanced provisions. It also has some controversial, unnecessary provisions. We know that this bill, in its current form, will not be signed by the president. But I want to keep this conversation moving forward and I want to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, House and Senate, to do something meaningful for our rural communities and national forests. I will support this bill today with the understanding that this legislation still needs work, significant improvement, and further compromise. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Federal Lands, who has helped shepherd this bill through the committee process. 
out of the forest one way or another. It is either carried out or its burned out, but it comes out. 
had healthy forests and a thriving economy. We managed our national forests according to wellestablished and timetested forest management practices that prevented vegetation and wildlife from overgrowing the ability of the land to support it. Revenues from the sale of excess timber provided for prosperous local economies and a steady stream of revenues to the Treasury which could, in turn, be used to further improve the public lands. 
But 40 years ago, in the name of saving the environment, we consigned our national forests to a policy of benign neglect. And the results are all around us today, not only the impoverished mountain communities, but an utterly devastated environment. 
overgrown. Trees that once had room to grow and thrive now fight for their lives in competition with other trees from the same ground. In this distressed condition, they fall victim to pestilence, disease, and catastrophic wildfire. My goodness, we can’t even salvage dead timber anymore. 
towards sound, scientific management of our national forests. It streamlines fire and disease prevention programs. It expedites restoration of firedamaged lands. It protects forest managers from frivolous lawsuits, and it does so without requiring new regulations, rules, planning, or mapping. 
our public lands is the responsibility of Congress. The bromides of the environmental left have proven disastrous to the health of our forests, the preservation of our wildlife, and the welfare of our mountain communities. 
This bill begins to reverse that damage and to usher in a new era of healthy and resilient forests and an economic renaissance for our mountain towns. 
in opposition to H.R. 2647, the socalled Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. 
with the underlying bill, I must commend my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. They have finally taken a step toward addressing the 600pound gorilla, that is, the enormous cost and impact of fire borrowing under the Forest Service budget. 
I offered an amendment at a committee markup that would have required Congress to address the issue of fire borrowing before this bill could take effect, and we have been calling on House Republicans to address the issue for years. My amendment was rejected, but I am glad it encouraged the sponsors of this legislation to address the cost of wildfires. 
The newly added title IX is not a perfect solution, however. By amending the Stafford Act to include wildfires under the definition of natural disasters, this section creates a mechanism to address the very disastrous practice of fire borrowing. 
process for funding recovery from Superstorm Sandy, which did not go smoothly, to say the least. While this might be a positive step, it does not make H.R. 2647 a good bill. 
With regard to title IX, the additional disaster relief fund, hopefully the majority will not rob Peter to pay Paul within the Forest budget in order to fund this disaster relief fund or leave title IX just as an empty hollow and useless gesture that never gets funded. 
health, H.R. 2647 undermines the NEPA process, discourages collaboration, distorts the intent of the Secure Rural Schools program, creates an extraordinary burden on citizens’ access to the courts, and transforms the judicial review process. 
forest health. It is about increasing the numbers of trees removed from the forest. 
its strenuous opposition to H.R. 2647, and let me quote from that communication: 
2647. The most important step Congress can take to increase the pace and scale of forest restoration and management of our national forests and the Department of the Interior lands is to fix the fire suppression funding and provide additional capacity for the Forest Service and Department of the Interior to manage the Nation’s forests and other public lands. H.R. 2647 falls short of fixing the fire budget problem and contains other provisions that will undermine collaborative forest restoration, environmental safeguards, and public participation across the National Forest System and public lands. 
of title I are not the product of thoughtful consideration of the legislation. Instead, they pave the way for up to 8 square miles of clear cuts of old growth trees with little or no environmental review. 
for environmental assessments and environmental impact statements for reforestation or salvage operations following a largescale fire. The Forest Service testified that this time limit is unrealistic, encouraging snap judgments that can have horrible longterm consequences. 
courts that other speakers will speak to as well. You know, think about the group that would dominate the collaborative decisionmaking without any judicial review. 
Access to Justice Act for successful litigants and forces them to do a prebond, a onesided bond requirement to limit, if not eliminate, citizen activism and public participation in a problem that they can help solve rather looking at this as a threat. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having assumed the chair, Mr. H ULTGREN , Acting 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
Mr. CRENSHAW, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–194) on the bill making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 347 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2647. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN  
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, 12
the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) has 31⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), a former 
member of our committee, but someone whose district clearly knows the significance and impact of forestlands and how they should be maintained. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, the challenge that we face in the West is very obvious. Overgrown forests, bark beetle devastation, threat to our watersheds, threat to habitat, threat to public property that sensible people have long called for a solution to be able to have rendered. 
I would like to be able to applaud the 
committee, and particularly the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) in putting commonsense 
pieces of legislation forward in H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. 
than being reactive, putting the health of our forests, protection of our watersheds, habitat for wildlife, and saving private property while bringing some control back to our States and our communities is long overdue. 
Forwardlooking and innovative legislation like the Resilient Federal Forests Act speaks to the very heart of responsible forest management. This is a piece of legislation, which is long overdue. We have seen the impact in pilot projects of healthy forests, the opportunity to be able to get the forests again in a healthy state, creating abundant ground cover and forage for our animals and protecting those watersheds. 
This is a commonsense piece of legislation that I would like to encourage my colleagues to be able to support. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, impartial justice and access to the courts is a right guaranteed to every citizen in this country. 
Lady Justice sits blindfolded on the steps of the Supreme Court so we can all be reminded that justice should be blind. Today, we are debating yet another Republican bill restricting access to the courts to only those with deep pockets. 
trend of Republicansponsored legislation that proposes to limit the average American’s access to the courts so polluters that line the pockets of politicians with campaign contributions can continue to profit. 
a bond prior to challenging the United States Government’s forest management activities. This bond must cover all the defendant’s anticipated cost, expenses, and attorney’s fees to be paid if the defendant prevails. In the rare occasion plaintiffs are successful, they will only be able to recover the amount posted in the bond and only if they win exactly on all counts. The government, however, does not have to cover any of the plaintiff’s costs. 
could be as costly as tens of thousands of dollars undermines citizen access to the courts when a party believes the government failed to follow the law. 
organizations, small business, or public interest groups do not have the financial ability to challenge large corporations or, more often, the Federal Government which citizens believe is harming their communities or environment. By allowing citizens to recover their reasonable legal fees when they file suit and win in court, you encourage Americans to participate in public discourse and to hold the government accountable. 
Rollbacks to judicial review and imposition of attorney’s fees upon plaintiffs, along with legislative interference with key judicial powers contemplated in H.R. 2647, cripple the ability of those concerned with environmental protection to seek representation and redress in the courts. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
close by reiterating that, instead of working together on a bipartisan basis to improve the health of our national forests, this bill irresponsibly chips away at the environmental safeguards of the National Environmental Policy Act and places tremendous burdens, as we have just heard, on American citizens seeking to participate in the public review process of Forest Service programs. 
I am glad that the majority acknowledges the urgent need to address fire borrowing, but we still have concerns with this proposal and it in no way offsets the many other serious problems with this legislation developed without any input from committee Democrats or meaningful testimony from the Forest Service. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
present this bill. I also thank all the many people who have worked from three different committees on this: Chairman SHUSTER of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Chairman CONAWAY of the Agriculture 
Committee, as well as those who work on the Natural Resources Committee. I am very grateful for the Democrats, Mr. SCHRADER and Mr. D EFAZIO, who 
have spoken here already in defense of this bill, and for their help and assistance in this. 
Service said, we don’t have a fire problem in our Nation’s forests. We have a land management problem, and it needs to be addressed quickly. That is 
exactly what the Westerman bill does. It addresses that problem. The status quo, flat out, is not working. 
or recognized that we have at least 58 million acres that are in dire need of assistance right now but can easily be burned in this next fire season. 
Utah, which is still the 11th largest State in the Nation. 
then you add more acreage into that, which means you would add the State of Utah and Michigan. Onethird of the entire forests we have are in danger of being destroyed if we do not do something immediately. 
acres; 58 is the minimum. That simply means it would take them over 20 years to address the problem. That is more than my lifetime is left here to try and solve this problem. 
a greater distance from the apocalypse than most of the people here; but at the same time, in my lifetime, you can’t solve the problem if we keep on with the status quo. That is why this bill is essential, and that is why I appreciate all the speakers who have gone on today saying why this is the perfect first step. 
What is so good about it is, as soon as 
the President signs this thing, the Forest Service can immediately implement everything. These are practices and processes that they have at their disposal. They are ready to move forward with it. All we have to do is give them the tools to immediately do that. 
that are there. Funding is a significant issue. Funding alone will not solve our problem, but we have addressed that; and I appreciate, once again, Chairman SHUSTER and subcommittee Chairman 
from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee—come up with a good funding mechanism so that we can address that issue and move us forward. 
problems. We have a land management issue at the same time. We have a problem with litigation, which basically stops the efforts of the Forest Service to do their job in their tracks. 
have to stop moving forward on their program; they have to spend money to defend themselves in a lawsuit, or they have to try and go through efforts to try and cover themselves so they don’t get sued in the first place. It does not work. 
about the inability of being able to sue, as a poor private citizen doesn’t have the right to sue if we pass our bill. That is ridiculous. 
been collaboratively worked on—that means where citizens actually got together and came up with a plan of action on their forest and, as they move forward to that, some special interests groups with a whole lot of deep pockets on their side stops them in their tracks by a lawsuit. 
are going to have to put up the bond. Those are the kind of groups who can no longer say: We are going to sue you on 25 different issues. We realize only three of them are going to be realistic, but we want you to take the time and effort to spend your Federal moneys to try and defend all those 25. 
are going to sue on something, sue on something that is realistic. Don’t put the entire world on there, and make sure that you are willing to cede on those particular issues, in those particular areas. 
We also have in title I in there that 
simply says: You can still sue, but you can’t get an injunction to stop our work while we go through frivolous lawsuit after frivolous lawsuit. 
counting this one, but two prior administrations, we have over 11,000 lawsuits that took place simply to stop the Forest Service from going forward. That has to be addressed. It has to be addressed. The Forest Service recognizes that, and that is why former Forest Service employees—as well as the current ones—realize, if we don’t have some kind of litigation reform, we will not solve our problems with forest health. 
so they can move quickly on what they need to do. Categorical exclusion is not something that is evil; it is actually something that is essential to move forward. They recognize that they need that tool. That is why I said, as soon as this bill is signed by the President, they can implement what they already know to do. 
What we are asking them is to do an 
environmental review, but you don’t have to do review after review after review. If you have done the review the first time, it is sufficient, and they have the wisdom and the ability to do that. Will that destroy our forests? Heavens, no. 
What this will do is have the potential of actually saving our forests, being able to allow the Federal forest land to be as resilient, to be as well managed as the State and tribal forest lands are because, in State and tribal forest lands, they don’t have to deal with a lot of the issues that stop them from actually solving their problems, but we do on the Federal forest system, unless we move forward. 
who have spoken so far on the need of moving forward on this particular bill. We are in the beginning of a fire season that could be catastrophic. We have witnessed the results of wildfires in the past. We need to do something now, and we have to move forward. 
It was wonderful to have our hearings, listening to the group of people who are experts in this area, being excited about the opportunity of having the tools the Forest Service needs to do their job, having the funding the Forest Service needs to do their job, and also have the protection from frivolous lawsuits the Forest Service needs to do their job. We must give our Forest Service personnel the tools they need to be successful. 
want something perfect from on high to come down—first, if we don’t pass this bill, we are going to have a devastating situation coming in our forest lands and in our Nation this coming year. 
perfect? No. There is a whole lot more that we need to do, and we will still look forward to those issues; we will move forward on these issues, but what this does is move us forward in a significant way. 
Does this bill destroy our bedrock environmental laws? Of course not—the last time I heard people talking about bedrock was talking about Wilma and Fred and Barney. I am sorry; those laws didn’t save their pet dinosaurs back in those days, either. 
we are not going to move forward; we are not going to destroy what we have gained in the past, but what we are going to do is allow the Forest Service to do their job, something they are stopped from doing now because of procedural practices, because of litigation, because of lack of funding. All three of those are addressed in this particular piece of legislation. 
it needs to go forward. I urge everyone in here to realize how we must make steps to move forward and pass this bill and get it over to the Senate and onto the President’s desk so our Forest Service can do their jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I rise to 
discuss Title IX of H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015.’’ 
occur within the State of Indiana. Most of these fires are extinguished by our local fire departments. While the Hoosier State does not experience the devastating effects of wildfires that the West does, I understand and support the need to ensure that wildfires on Federal lands are treated similar to other major disasters so that they have access to funds outside the discretionary budget caps. It is important that the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service, which manages the Hoosier National Forest in southern Indiana, have access to sufficient funding to suppress wildfires on Federal lands whenever they occur. 
Earlier this year, the Committee held a hearing and received testimony that made clear that wildfire funding is an issue that needs to 
be addressed. As the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, which has jurisdiction over the Robert T. Stafford Act Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (Stafford Act), I think it is appropriate to amend the Stafford Act to ensure similar treatment for wildfires on Federal lands. 
the Stafford Act will afford the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service with access to programs and funds intended for other disasters. I agree that these agencies should not be eligible for other Stafford Act assistance programs nor should these agencies have access to funds provided to the Federal Emergency Management Agency for other types of major disasters. But I am confident that the 
Stafford Act may be amended to treat wildfires on Federal lands as a major disaster without affecting other programs and funding. It is simply a matter of establishing a dedicated funding stream specifically for wildfires on Federal lands to ensure that these agencies have access to funds outside the discretionary budget caps. It is my understanding that this is the intent of Title IX. 
I appreciate Ranking Member DEFAZIO’s interest and dedication to this issue. Moreover, I thank Chairman SHUSTER for trying to address this matter. 
rise today to express support for the Resilient National Forests Act, and to thank Rep. BRUCE WESTERMAN of Arkansas for his work 
faced the largest wildfire in state history, burning hundreds of thousands of acres. 
lawsuits have hindered forest management, and we’ve all paid the price. 
Forest has been the economic engine for Ferry, Stevens, and Pend Oreille counties— providing jobs, energy, and recreational opportunities. Yet, mills have closed, jobs lost, and of the 945,410 million acres in the Colville National Forest, more than 300,000 are bug infested. This is unacceptable. 
third of all acres of national forest are at risk of catastrophic wildfire and only 2–3 percent are being treated each year. Dead, diseased, and readytoignite timber is just sitting there, rotting away while the U.S. Forest Service and affected communities are powerless to remove it. 
the Northwest—in Eastern Washington near my hometown in Stevens County, in the Blue Mountains in Asotin County, and nearby in Central Washington and Northern Idaho. 
that ensures wildfire fighting is properly funded and reduces the risk of future fires. 
The Resilient National Forests Act is bipartisan, collaborative, and will produce the best possible outcome for all involved parties. 
have the tools they need to quickly remove dead trees and to effectively manage the forests in Eastern Washington, and across the country. 
Mr. Chair, I ask this body join me in voting 
to keep our promise and preserve America’s great resources for generations to come and call for the Senate to follow suit. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendments in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–21, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 114–192. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
(action versus no action) in proposed collaborative forest management activities. 
projects on Federal land and certain non Federal land. 
project revenues to county in which stewardship project occurs. 
revenues and Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund to cover forest management activity planning costs. 
through use of stewardship end result contracting and other authorities. 
authorized to include related National Forest System lands and public lands. 
term ‘‘Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands’’ means the lands reconveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of February 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179). 
‘‘forest management activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Secretary concerned on National Forest System lands or public lands in concert with the forest plan covering the lands. 
Land Management for public lands pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or 
prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). 
term ‘‘largescale catastrophic event’’ means a catastrophic event that adversely impacts at least 5,000 acres of reasonably contiguous National Forest System lands or public lands. 
LANDS .—The term ‘‘Oregon and California Railroad Grant lands’’ means the following lands: 
in the United States under the Act of June 9, 1916 (39 Stat. 218), that are administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management, pursuant to the first section of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a). 
Secretary of the Interior pursuant to the land exchanges authorized and directed by section 2 of the Act of June 24, 1954 (43 U.S.C. 1181h). 
United States at any time and made subject to the provisions of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). 
operation’’ means a forest management activity undertaken in response to a catastrophic event whose primary purpose— 
of forest materials damaged as a result of the catastrophic event; or 
ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
(ACTION VERSUS NO ACTION) IN PROPOSED COLLABORATIVE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
In the case of the alternative of no action, the Secretary concerned shall evaluate— 
forest health, loss of habitat diversity, wildfire, or insect or disease infestation, given fire and insect and disease historic cycles, on— 
out a forest management activity on National Forest System lands or public lands when the primary purpose of the forest management activity is— 
Secretary concerned to develop and carry out a salvage operation as part of the restoration of National Forest System lands or public lands following a catastrophic event. 
Secretary concerned to develop and carry out a forest management activity on National Forest System lands or public lands when the primary purpose of the forest management activity is to modify, improve, enhance, or create early successional forests for wildlife habitat improvement and other purposes, consistent with the applicable forest plan. 
practicable, the Secretary concerned shall design a forest management activity under this 
section to meet early successional forest goals in such a manner so as to maximize production and regeneration of priority species, as identified in the forest plan and consistent with the capability of the activity site. 
other noxious or invasive weeds specified on Federal or State noxious weeds lists through lateseason livestock grazing, targeted livestock grazing, prescribed burns, and mechanical treatments. 
permanent infrastructure, including stock ponds, water catchments, and water spring boxes used to benefit livestock and improve wildlife habitat. 
nonnative seeding, and planting of and transplanting sagebrush, grass, forb, shrub, and other species. 
concerned determines that the activity is otherwise conducted consistently with agency procedures, including any forest plan applicable to the area covered by the activity. 
term ‘‘hazardous fuels management’’ means any vegetation management activities that reduce the risk of wildfire. 
season grazing’’ means grazing activities that occur after both the invasive species and native perennial species have completed their current year annual growth cycle until new plant growth begins to appear in the following year. 
‘‘targeted livestock grazing’’ means grazing used for purposes of hazardous fuel reduction. 
categorical exclusion granted by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applicable to the National Forest System land or public lands covered by the forest management activity. TITLE II—SALVAGE AND REFORESTATION 
conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a largescale catastrophic event, the Secretary concerned shall achieve reforestation of at least 75 percent of the impacted lands during the fiveyear period following the conclusion of the catastrophic event. 
FUNDS.—Amounts in the special fund established pursuant to section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the KnutsonVandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b) shall be available to the Secretary of Agriculture for reforestation activities authorized by this title. 
authorized by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applicable to the National Forest System lands or public lands covered by the salvage operation or reforestation activity. 
or injunction pending appeal shall be issued by any court of the United States with respect to any decision to prepare or conduct a salvage operation or reforestation activity in response to a largescale catastrophic event. Section 705 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any challenge to the salvage operation or reforestation activity. 
may not carry out salvage operations or reforestation activities on National Forest System lands or public lands— 
roadless area unless the reforestation activity is consistent with the forest plan; or 
and costs described in section 1920 of title 28, United States Code. 
the expenditures incurred by the staff of the Secretary concerned in preparing for and responding to a legal challenge to a collaborative forest management activity and in participating in litigation that challenges the forest management activity, including such staff time as may be used to prepare the administrative record, exhibits, declarations, and affidavits in connection with the litigation. 
management activity developed through a collaborative process or proposed by a resource advisory committee, any plaintiff or plaintiffs challenging the forest management activity shall be required to post a bond or other security equal to the anticipated costs, expenses, and attorneys fees of the Secretary concerned as defendant, as reasonably estimated by the Secretary concerned. All proceedings in the action shall be stayed until the required bond or security is provided. 
this subsection, the phrase ‘‘ultimately prevails on the merits’’ means, in a final enforceable judgment on the merits, a court rules in favor of the plaintiff on every cause of action in every action brought by the plaintiff challenging the forest management activity. 
products, reduce fire risks, or improve water supplies; and 
enhance forest ecosystems or restore and improve land health and water quality. 
committee shall be reapproved before the expiration of the existing charter of the resource advisory committee. In the case of a new resource advisory committee, the charter of the resource advisory committee shall be approved within 90 days after the date on which the decision to form the new resource advisory committee was made.’’. 
of a resource advisory committee shall reside within the county or counties in which the committee has jurisdiction or an adjacent county.’’. 
Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
provided in advance in appropriation Acts, for additional projects under the RAC program. 
project under the RAC program shall terminate on September 30, 2020. 
available for projects under the RAC program and not obligated by September 30, 2021, shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States.’’. 
Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
beneficiary county or other political subdivision of a State under this Act shall be used in lieu of or to otherwise offset State funding sources for local schools, facilities, or educational purposes.’’. 
the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c) is amended— 
cancellation are not included in the budget for the agreement or contract; and 
including budgeting for the costs of agreement or contract cancellation. 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. 
received by the Chief or the Director’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘services and inkind resources received by the Chief or the Director under a stewardship contract project conducted under this section shall not be considered monies received from the National Forest System or the public lands, but any payments made by the contractor to the Chief or Director under the project shall be considered monies received from the National Forest System or the public lands.’’. 
PROJECT REVENUES AND COLLABORATIVE FOREST LANDSCAPE RESTORATION FUND TO COVER FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY PLANNING COSTS. 
‘‘(ii) to cover not more than 25 percent of the 
Management Fund shall consist of such amounts as may be— 
or public lands for which the contribution may be expended; and 
advance in appropriation Acts, the Secretary concerned may use the Fund to plan, carry out, and monitor a forest management activity that— 
management activity carried out using amounts in the Fund may be carried out using a contract or agreement under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c), the good neighbor authority provided by section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a), a contract under section 14 of the National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 472a), or other authority available to the Secretary concerned, but revenues generated by the forest management activity shall be used to reimburse the Fund for planning costs covered using amounts in the Fund. 
June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson Vanderberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576 et seq.), shall apply to any forest management activity carried out using amounts in the Fund. 
10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
than 120 days after the date on which an Indian tribe submits to the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘In response to the submission by an Indian tribe of’’; and 
‘‘section 347 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (16 U.S.C. 2104 note; Public Law 105–277) (as amended by section 323 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2003 (117 Stat. 275))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c)’’; and 
AUTHORIZED TO INCLUDE RELATED NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS AND PUBLIC LANDS. 
Section 305 of the National Indian Forest Resources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
tribe, the Secretary concerned may treat Federal forest land as Indian forest land for purposes of planning and conducting forest land management activities under this section if the Federal forest land is located within, or mostly within, a geographic area that presents a feature or involves circumstances principally relevant to that Indian tribe, such as Federal forest land ceded to the United States by treaty, Federal forest land within the boundaries of a current or former reservation, or Federal forest land adjudicated to be tribal homelands. 
the Federal forest land with State and local governments either— 
‘‘(ii) at the option of the Indian tribe, on 
terms agreed upon by the Indian tribe, the Secretary concerned, and State and county governments participating in a revenue sharing agreement for the Federal forest land; 
the export of unprocessed logs harvested from the Federal forest land; 
place on Federal forest land prior to commencement of tribal management activities; and 
EFFECTS OF FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES IN CONSIDERING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. 
As part of its weighing the equities while considering any request for an injunction that applies to any agency action as part of a forest management activity under titles I through VIII, the court reviewing the agency action shall balance the impact to the ecosystem likely affected by the forest management activity of— 
Whenever any Forest Service defined maintenance level one or two system road within a designated high fire prone area of a unit of the National Forest System is considered for decommissioning, the Forest Supervisor of that unit of the National Forest System shall— 
containing the road regarding the merits and possible consequences of decommissioning the road; and 
On and after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may not apply to National Forest System lands any of the amendments to forest plans adopted in the Decision Notice for the Revised Continuation of Interim Management Direction Establishing Riparian, Ecosystem and Wildlife Standards for Timber Sales (commonly known as the Eastside Screens requirements), including all preceding or associated versions of these amendments. 
order to conduct a project or carry out an activity implementing a forest plan, an amendment to the forest plan is required, the Secretary concerned shall execute such amendment as a nonsignificant plan amendment through the record of decision or decision notice for the project or activity. 
3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the KnutsonVandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b), is amended— 
Service Region from which the original deposits were collected. 
titles I through VIII, the authorities provided by such titles do not apply with respect to any National Forest System lands or public lands— 
roadless area unless the forest management activity to be carried out under such authority is consistent with the forest plan applicable to the area; or 
PLAN SURVEY AND MANAGE MITIGATION MEASURE STANDARD AND GUIDELINES. 
The Northwest Forest Plan Survey and Manage Mitigation Measure Standard and Guidelines shall not apply to any National Forest System lands or public lands. 
alternatives as required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Secretary of the Interior shall develop and consider in detail a reference analysis and two additional alternatives as part of the revisions of the resource management plans for the Bureau of Land Management’s Salem, Eugene, Coos Bay, Roseburg, and Medford Districts and the Klamath Resource Area of the Lakeview District. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall develop and consider an additional alternative with the goal of maximizing the total carbon benefits from forest storage and wood product storage. To the extent practicable, the analysis shall consider— 
publish the reference analysis and additional alternatives and analyze their environmental and economic consequences in a supplemental draft environmental impact statement. The draft environmental impact statement and supplemental draft environmental impact statement shall be made available for public comment for a period of not less than 180 days. The Secretary shall respond to any comments received before making a final decision between all alternatives. 
section shall affect the obligation of the Secretary of the Interior to manage the timberlands as required by the Act of August 28, 1937 (50 Stat. 874; 43 U.S.C. 1181a–1181j). TITLE IX—MAJOR DISASTER FOR 
Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
term ‘wildfire suppression operations’ means the emergency and unpredictable aspects of wildland firefighting, including support, response, emergency stabilization activities, and other emergency management activities of wildland firefighting on Federal lands (or on nonFederal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or cooperative agreement) by the Federal land management agencies covered by the wildfire suppression subactivity of the Wildland Fire Management account or the FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund account of the Federal land management agencies. 
the current fiscal year for wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary, net of any concurrently enacted rescissions of wildfire suppression funds, increases the total unobligated balance of amounts available for wildfire suppression by an amount equal to or greater than the average total costs incurred by the Federal land management agencies per year for wildfire suppression operations, 
including the suppression costs in excess of appropriated amounts, over the previous ten fiscal years; 
wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary will be obligated not later than 30 days after such Secretary notifies the President that wildfire suppression funds will be exhausted to fund ongoing and anticipated wildfire suppression operations related to the wildfire on which the request for the declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands pursuant to this title is based; and 
the respective Secretary under this title, the President may declare that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists. 
account for the assistance available pursuant to a declaration under section 802. Such account may only be used to fund assistance pursuant to this title. 
section shall be transferred from the wildfire suppression operations account to the wildfire suppression subactivity of the Wildland Fire Management Account. 
wildfire suppression operations conducted on the nonFederal land; and 
end of each fiscal year for which assistance is received pursuant to this section, the respective Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Agriculture, Appropriations, the Budget, Natural Resources, and Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Appropriations, the Budget, Energy and Natural Resources, Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and Indian Affairs of the Senate, and make available to the public, a report that includes the following: 
management decisions regarding wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned. 
shall limit the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, Indian tribe, or a State from receiving assistance through a declaration made by the President under this Act when the criteria for such declaration have been met.’’. 
No funds may be transferred to or from the 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part C of House Report 114–192. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part C of House Report 114–192. 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would strike a harmful and politically driven provision on the underlying bill that has the effect of limiting stakeholder input and curbing equal access to justice, a core constitutional principle in our Republic, and effectively removes an important check we have on arbitrary actions by Presidents and administrations. Absent my language, the underlying 
bill would hand President Obama a blank slate in determining how we run our Western lands. My bill will restore 
that balance and allow civil society stakeholders and local residents to be able to challenge illegal Federal actions. 
impetus for many parts of this bill and support them, particularly those aimed at incentivizing collaborative development management plans and fixing the flawed funding structure for wildfire response—very, very important in my district—the provision that I am striking in my amendment is truly a poison pill for many on my side of the aisle who care deeply about equal access to justice and many on the other side of the aisle who don’t want to hand President Obama an unchecked control over Federal lands. 
made up of 62 percent Federal land, the Forest Service owns huge amounts of open space that we use, enjoy, is a driver of our tourism economy; we recreate as hikers, skiers, hunters, bikers; it is used commercially by loggers, utility providers, and many, many other groups. 
groups, these stakeholders that I mentioned whose livelihood and enjoyment depend on these lands, are extremely valuable when it comes to providing practical, varied input into managing our Federal lands. 
and limit the depth and diversity of public input by expediting the development of forest management plans while removing the legal venues that exist for protest after a management plan has been implemented, meaning not only does the provision, like the one I am trying to strike, cripple the transparency and effectiveness by limiting the form of expertise we have in planning our Federal lands, it also has the potential to repeal some critical rights, like the right to protest and legal recourse for potential wrongdoing. 
would effectively eliminate the ability of citizens, nonprofits, local residents, independent advocacy organizations, and others to file lawsuits against potentially illegal or improper forest management tools that the executive branch is using. 
By creating a harmful bonding requirement, which would really exclude judicial access for everybody—except the very wealthiest corporations and people—and a prejudicial feeshifting requirement that enables the government to act with impunity at the clear expense of the plaintiff, we really break down the core principle of equal access to justice, which is our right. 
issuing any restraining orders, preliminary injunctions, or injunctions pending repeal in cases of postdisaster operations after broadly defined events, we are only compounding the damage. Again, Mr. Chairman, my colleagues 
on the other side of the aisle’s move to block the court’s ability to make sound, thoughtful, and transparent decisions if the executive branch acts illegally really will come at the expense of our local stakeholders for those of us who live in and around Federal land. 
I think it is important to realize there is nothing, absolutely nothing in the base bill that prohibits any individual or group from filing a lawsuit. 
opposition to the amendment. We have to reward collaboration and working together. 
What this bill does not do is discourage NEPA. What it does do, though, is it brings people together to work together. That is what I was sent to Washington, D.C., to do; and that is what all of us were sent to do, is work together and move the ball up the field. It does not prevent anyone from filing a lawsuit. 
What it does do, however, on frivolous lawsuits—and the numbers are clear. Between 1989 and 2008, over 1,125 lawsuits were submitted. Almost in every case, those lawsuits ended up costing the Forest Service that we are so concerned about the money they are spending—number one is forest fires; number two is litigation. 
more scientists, less lawyers in the woods, and healthy forests once again to be part of our country; yet what happens is the collaborative effort— and we made the definition of collaborative very vague so everyone can participate, everybody—it does not prevent anyone from suing. 
What it does do is, if you are not 
going to be involved in the collaborative effort, if you are not going to spend the time and the resources, then you have to post a bond, and that bond only covers what the Forest Service would have to defend. We could have made it a lot aggressive, and we didn’t. 
Mr. Chairman, I stand in opposition. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to inquire as to how much time remains on both sides. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). 
court system to put up a bond covering all litigation expenses of the government. Plaintiffs would only get their bond back if they prevailed on all their claim. 
to recover attorney’s fees under the Equal Access to Justice Act. While my colleagues across the aisle have said it doesn’t prevent anyone from coming forward, we do know that the impact would be that it would prevent any plaintiffs, except those large companies with deep pockets, from bringing lawsuits against these projects, essentially keeping out the average American citizen from having their voice heard. 
I strongly support this amendment. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
Eric Hoffer once said that every great cause becomes a movement, which becomes a business, which becomes a racket. That is what has happened with environmental litigation. 
Through many hearings, we have discovered that most of the groups litigating collaborative projects sue just to raise money or to defeat necessary projects through delay. That is their right. No one begrudges them it. 
litigation designed solely to run out the clock on salvage projects or to nullify by delay the painstaking work of collaborative groups which often, in good faith, spend endless hours and considerable resources in negotiating a plan that is fair to all. 
many of my constituents who are living in holdings on Federal lands. What happens if Federal land management policy changes their rightsofway and makes it harder to access where they live? Where are they supposed to come up with the hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars that it would take to bond under this scenario to figure out whether what the Federal Government did was legal or not? 
That is why we need to fix this, Mr. 
Chairman. And I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to defend the constitutional rights of families who live in and around Federal land. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I appreciate the chance to actually hear from the gentleman from California as well as from the gentleman from Montana. 
failed to be discussed here is this section only applies to whether it has been a collaborative process. 
years working together to develop a collaborative project. And then too frequently outside fringe groups that don’t live in the area, but that do have 
big pockets, wait for those projects to be announced. 
a chilling effect on any kind of collaborative work, and it makes the hundreds of hours that those citizens worked to come up with their projects simply moot. 
have been there to see those projects that were stopped by frivolous lawsuits. It is the same thing that happens in Montana and in northern Idaho. In that particular district, of all of those lawsuits he mentioned, over 70 percent of those were stopped because of frivolous lawsuits. 
from suing. What we are saying is you put up a bond if you are serious about it and you don’t use this as a way of simply stopping a process that has been worked out by the citizens and the Forest Service at the same time. That is what this means, and that is what is going to be taken away. 
why this part has to be part of this bill. It has to move forward or our Forest Service does not have the tools it needs to preserve our forests and to protect our people and to protect our landscape. 
would destroy every effort of the Forest Service to actually move forward into the future. We oppose it. We oppose it vigorously and in all due respect. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TIPTON  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part C of House Report 114–192. 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T IPTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
has previously authorized fire liability provisions for stewardship contracts. My amendment simply provides the same fire liability provisions for long term stewardship contracts awarded by the Forest Service prior to February 7, 2014. 
over their potential liability, and it is prohibitively expensive to obtain liability insurance to cover the costs of large forest fires. 
The amendment provides these contractors with the same protections as all Federal timber sales and integrated resource timber purchasers and other integrated resource stewardship contracts that they already have. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment, which would change the parameters of contracts that have already been awarded through a competitive bidding process. 
a critical tool used to achieve land management goals across our national forests and grasslands. 
for stewardship contracting permanent, last year’s farm bill directed the Forest Service to make the first liability provisions in integrated resource timber contracts equal to liability provisions typically found in timber sale contracts. Earlier this year the Forest Service issued rulemaking carrying out this directive. 
I agree with the sponsors of this amendment that this is a worthwhile change. However, their amendment would retroactively extend the updated liability requirement to contracts that were awarded before the farm bill was signed into law. 
have to modify existing contracts, which is not only a burden for the agency and the contract awardees, but it is unfair to companies that did not participate in the competitive bidding process because of their understanding of the fire liability requirements. 
that have already been awarded through the competitive bidding process. For that reason, I oppose the adoption of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, we are 
talking about fairness. We just had an amendment that was presented by my 
about fairness, and I think Chairman BISHOP spoke very eloquently in regards to allowing that process to be able to work through the private sector. 
Yet, when we are talking about forest health, Mr. Chairman, wouldn’t it be an appropriate thing to make sure that we have a level playing field when it comes to liability? 
If we want to be able to get in and actually protect those forests, to be able to protect those watersheds, to be able to protect endangered species and the other wildlife in the forests, let’s make sure that we have a process to be able to do that so that that liability is not going to become a liability to something that I believe we all share as common ground, and that is the health of our forests. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part C of House Report 114–192. 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may carry out demonstration projects by which federally recognized Indian tribes or tribal organizations may contract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through contracts entered into under the Indian Self Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq). 
House Resolution 347, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment that allows the Forest Service to establish a pilot program to execute contracts with tribes under the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act, known as 638 contracts. 638 contracts allow tribes to manage and implement Federal programs in Indian Country. 
When I was the New Mexico Secretary of Health, I witnessed how successful and beneficial these contracts could be in efficiently delivering services to tribes and their members. Through these contracts, tribes operate hospitals, health clinics, mental 
health facilities, and a variety of other community health services. 
programs in their communities not only recognizes tribal selfdetermination and selfgovernance, but it also helps ensure that tribal needs are being met through traditionally and culturally appropriate methods. 
authority to execute 638 contracts, such as the Bureau of Land Management, the Bureau of Reclamation, the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Indian Health Services, the Forest Service does not currently have this authority. Several tribes have expressed to me that they would like to see the Forest Service have the authority. 
have land in tribal forests that are adjacent to national forests, and we know that wildfires and pests can quickly affect entire regions, regardless of who owns the land. 
fire, which is one of the largest wildfires in New Mexico’s history, started on June 26, 2011, in the Santa Fe National Forest. It burned more than 156,000 acres in New Mexico, including land belonging to the Pueblos of Santa Clara, Ohkay Owingeh, San Ildefonso, Pojoaque, Jemez, Cochiti, and Kewa. 
It is imperative that the Forest Service and tribes actively work together to comanage forests. I urge Members to support my amendment, which will improve the Forest Service’s ability to partner with tribes in order to work on projects that impact tribal lands and forests. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I claim the time in opposition, although I may not be in opposition to this particular bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I would like to ask the gentlewoman from New Mexico, as this bill works its way through the process of ultimately being signed and implemented, if she would be willing to work with us to make sure this contracting authority in the future has no unintended consequences. 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, absolutely. I appreciate that offer. Thank you. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I want to thank the ranking member from the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee for bringing this amendment forward. This amendment obviously allows 
the Forest Service to create a pilot program that would execute contracts 
with tribes to perform administrative, management, and other functions of the program for the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004. 
Allowing the Forest Service to execute contracts would recognize the governmenttogovernment relationship that tribes have with the Federal Government, and it would be in line with the intent of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of working with tribes as partners. 
I certainly would encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). 
particularly thank the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM ) for yielding and for introducing this important amendment. 
that I know you have all heard, which is that the shadows of those who live on their land are the best protectors and the best stewards of that land. 
My wife and I have had the good fortune to plant over 100,000 trees on our land, with the help of the kids, and I want you to know they are doing well. 
because I think it is high time that the American Indians and the Alaska Natives, who are the first stewards of our lands, be allowed to better exercise their sovereignty and their selfdetermination in caring for the forests they have called home for untold centuries. 
allow the tribes to manage Federal lands in Indian Country. This amendment simply adds a partnership with the U.S. Forest Service to that list. 
create jobs, protect our forests all across Indian Country, and we all become better stewards of our Nation’s great resources. 
on this important issue. I thank the chairman of the committee for his support of it as well. And I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMP SON). 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining? 
from Utah has 4 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from New Mexico has 1
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), the sponsor of the bill. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment as it goes along with the collaborative efforts we are trying to include 
I just want to thank the gentlewoman for proposing this amendment, and I rise in full support of it. 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part C of House Report 114–192. 
At the end of title VIII, add the following 
and implement at least one landscapescale forest restoration project that includes, as a defined purpose of the project, the generation of material that will be used to promote advanced wood products. The project shall be developed through a collaborative process. 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ) and a 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
amendment, I actually wanted to start by expressing my appreciation to the chairman for his work on this important legislation. 
I grew up in Port Angeles, Washington. I saw firsthand how a downturn in the timber industry impacted our region’s economy and the livelihood of families who lived there. Those experiences were a major influence in my decision to pursue a career in economic development and now in public service. It is a big reason I have been working on harvest issues that impact the region that I represent. 
have been proud to help stand up a collaborative, bringing together a group of stakeholders from all across the spectrum to figure out how we can make real progress to rebuild the trust that we need to restore our forests and to promote harvest levels and to support our local communities. 
come out of that. I am sure committed to working to help take actions that lead to better outcomes for our forests and for the local economies that rely on them as an important asset. I think the bill that is before us 
today is an honest effort to address the real challenges that are facing our Federal forests. Importantly, the underlying bill includes language that would make real progress toward ending the harmful practice of fire borrowing. 
this bill that are going to keep me from supporting it today, but I am very hopeful that this is just a first step in a process that leads to compromise legislation that we can send on to the President and get signed into law to help our forests and to help our communities. I would welcome the opportunity to be a part of that process. 
have offered today is focused on an initiative that would support innovative wood products, including crosslaminated timber. CLT products offer increased use of responsibly harvested wood that could mean more jobs in rural areas of Washington State and all other States. 
These are renewable resources, rather than steel or concrete, that would make our buildings greener. These new wood products are strong and fire resistant and may actually be safer in an earthquake than nonwood alternatives. 
constructs buildings by utilizing these new sturdy wood products. More importantly, we can lead the way on a global timber revolution that can bring lower costs, environmentally friendly building materials to market, providing more job opportunities in rural America. 
would direct the Secretary of Agriculture to develop a significant forest restoration project with the goal of generating the kind of material we can use for these advanced wood products. I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ). 
Mr. Chairman, I actually rise in support of this amendment as chairman of the Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry of the Committee on Agriculture. 
Service’s recognition of the important role that advanced wood products can play, particularly in building construction. New and innovative technologies are yielding building products that are greener, stronger, fire resistant, and even safer in response to earthquakes than nonwood alternatives. 
good, healthy forest management, it is just not some of the barriers we are dealing with today in terms of harvesting; it is also about driving the 
forests. I am very pleased with the underlying bill. I think that is helping on step one. I think this amendment helps us in terms of pushing the market value and the value of timber, and it is certainly consistent with many of the steps that we took within the farm bill in terms of research for advanced wood products. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). 
support of this amendment. While it does nothing to address our underlying concerns with the bill, the promotion of advanced wood products is an important priority, and I commend my colleague from Washington, Mr. KILMER , 
Service to establish a pilot project to promote the production of advanced wood products. Production of these products, like crosslaminated timber, or CLT, is a growing market with many practical applications. Growing this market here in the United States is an important economic development opportunity, and I thank Mr. KILMER  
to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), the sponsor of the bill. 
rise in support of the concept of this amendment. The gentleman brings out a very important fact that we do need forest products to be able to utilize the resources coming off our forests in order to do healthy management. 
can be made from smaller diameter materials that are already out there. We have the science behind it. A landscapewide collaborative project that uses these lower value products would be a good thing to do. 
I do challenge the gentleman to support the whole bill so that we could put this into practice, should it be passed, because it would be of benefit to the bill and to healthy forests across the country if such projects were implemented. 
other speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
we finish the last amendment to this very good bill, the gentleman from Washington full well knows how devastating it could be to his community if we do not pass this particular bill and wildfires actually attack his constituents and his area. 
That is why it is extremely important—as we take this last opportunity to speak towards this bill and this particular amendment—to recognize that this is a bipartisan bill, bipartisan sponsorship, passed by a bipartisan 
vote in our committee, passed in a bipartisan vote in the Committee on Agriculture. 
This is a good bill that will move us 
forward, and it is essential to move forward. I appreciate all the support we have had from both sides of the aisle moving this particular piece of legislation forward. I urge support of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 1 printed in part C of House Report 114–192 offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 247, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Messrs. CONAWAY, AMODEI, PAULSEN, MEEHAN, BRADY of TEXAS, and WALKER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
GALLEGO, BUTTERFIELD, NADLER, CLAY, and ASHFORD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
427, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 347, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5minute votes on ordering the previous question on House 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 262, noes 167, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on ordering the previous question on the resolution (H. Res. 350) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures and for 
other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 185, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 244, noes 183, not voting 6, as follows: 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 350 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 6. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce exchange of letters with the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act,’’ which your Committee ordered reported on May 21, 2015. 
H.R. 6 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will not seek a sequential referral. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
letter concerning H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act.’’ 
I appreciate your willingness to forgo seeking a sequential referral on H.R. 6 in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration. I agree that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. 
respect to H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted 
with us on provisions in H.R. 6 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. 
this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 6 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. 
to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. 
letter with respect to H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act.’’ I appreciate your willingness to waive consideration of H.R. 6 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. 
H.R. 6 at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Committee may address any remaining issues that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Further, I understand that the Committee reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and I will support such a request. 
I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. 
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS), the distinguished 
first commend Chairman U PTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , Congresswoman 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, which will help advance the discovery, development, and delivery of new treatments and cures for patients and will foster private sector innovation here in the United States. 
I have a whole list of people I would 
like to thank. I will provide that for the RECORD . I especially want to thank 
legislative counsel for their tireless efforts, the healthcare staff of the Congressional Budget Office, and the outstanding team on Energy and Commerce. They have been fantastic, working 24/7. 
from Energy and Commerce Committee by a vote of 51–0 and advances conservative and fiscal and regulatory reforms. Every dollar of advanced appropriations in the bill, which will sunset at the end of FY 2020, is offset by other permanent reforms, including billions of dollars in mandatory entitlement savings in Medicare and Medicaid. 
kind we usually see in entitlement spending such as Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and ObamaCare. This mandatory spending is for 5 years only, and then it sunsets. This mandatory spending is fully paid for with mandatory spending cuts elsewhere that will not stop in 5 years, but are permanent reforms resulting in real savings. By comparison, the RyanMurray budget deal for healthcare savings yielded much less. 
This innovative hybrid approach allows us to cut mandatory spending and use the savings to fund what would otherwise be a discretionary project, but in this case, it is a 5year dedicated spending on medical research. 
The Congressional Budget Office determined that H.R. 6 will reduce the deficit by $500 million over the first 10 years and at least $7 billion over the second decade. The funds provided to the NIH and FDA will be subject to explicit review and reprogramming through the annual appropriations process. Congress can review the dedicated funding and allocate it for specific initiatives. 
Mr. Chairman, by modernizing clinical trials, eliminating duplicative administrative requirements, and perhaps, most importantly, making FDA less bureaucratic by advancing the voice and needs of patients in the drug and device approval process, H.R. 6 will make lasting, positive changes to the entire ecosystem of Cures. Over 250 patient groups have enthusiastically said ‘‘yes’’ and endorsed this legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to think of the patients and vote ‘‘aye’’ in support of H.R. 6. 
considering H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, legislation that will further encourage biomedical innovation and the development of new treatments and cures that will benefit millions. 
will ensure that our country remains on the forefront of medical innovation while maintaining the gold standard for approvals of medical products. 
product of numerous forums that occurred in Washington and around the Nation that heard directly from patients and advocacy groups about what innovations could make a difference in curing diseases. 
the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I want to thank Chairman UPTON ; 
Health Subcommittee chairman Mr. PITTS; Ranking Member G REEN ; and 
our sponsor on the Democratic side, Representative DIANA DEGETTE , for 
policy proposals that are meant to advance the work that NIH and FDA are already doing to encourage innovation in medicine, and I want to highlight some of those. 
best biomedical workforce in the world while also increasing the diversity of that workforce by requiring the NIH to ensure participation of scientists from underrepresented communities. 
Second, it encourages the development of precision medicine and next generation treatments. 
Third, it provides FDA with additional tools to make the drug approval process more efficient, such as streamlined data review and the use of biomarkers in clinical experience to ensure that new treatments can reach patients in a timely manner. 
and supports the inclusion of diverse populations in clinical research through the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities. 
of important antimicrobials and treatment for rare diseases and clarifies the regulatory pathway for software for medical applications at FDA. 
are many, many more positive developments in this bill, but I do want to mention last, ensuring interoperability of our health system which will lead to better access to health information, coordinated care, and improved outcomes. 
21st Century Cures also provides mandatory funding to both NIH and FDA to carry out the activities in this legislation, funding that is critically needed if Congress wants NIH and FDA to fund innovative ways to cure diseases. 
very goal this legislation set out to achieve to encourage biomedical innovation and the development of new treatments and cures is undermined somewhat by a reduction in funding for NIH from $10 billion to $8.75 billion. 
the $10 billion over 5 years in the original bill, enjoyed the unanimous support from the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the 230 Members of the House who were cosponsors of H.R. 6. 
If Congress is truly committed to advancing and encouraging biomedical innovation, we must ensure that the Federal Government agencies we entrust with facilitating that goal have the resources to do so, and I hope that, at some point, as we move further, we can go back to the $10 billion. 
reject any attempts to make the critical funding included in the legislation 
for NIH and FDA discretionary. The NIH ensures the innovation fund was created to be a resource to both NIH, FDA, universities, and researchers, including those just beginning their careers. 
Any efforts to make this funding discretionary threatens the commitment made in 21st Century Cures to encourage innovation. 
my disappointment over the inclusion of controversial policy riders on what was otherwise a strong bipartisan bill. This inclusion, added to the bill after unanimous passage out of the Energy and Commerce Committee, is a political distraction from the discussion we should be having on the underlying policy. 
will join me in supporting Congresswoman LEE’s amendment which will 
Despite these concerns, I remain totally supportive of the 21st Century Cures Act, as I believe it does take significant steps towards enhancing how we discover and develop innovative new medical treatments in the United States. 
fact that we were able to do this on a bipartisan basis in our committee and report the bill out unanimously. 
vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
minute to the vice chair of the full committee, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ). 
America really is at its best when we are facing challenges, and so many of the challenges that we face today are in the area of health care and healthcare delivery. 
10,000 identified diseases. We only have cures for 500 of those. This is why we need to work to focus the NIH and the FDA on a cures strategy and do this through the legislation that is before us today. Indeed, it is bipartisan, and it carries different components of bipartisan legislation. 
One is the SOFTWARE Act that Representative GREEN and I have worked 
on. Mr. Chairman, getting bureaucracy out of the way and allowing innovation is the goal of the SOFTWARE Act. It would codify the manner in which the FDA approaches health IT, including the wonderful apps that we use to help make us healthy. 
ensuring the safety and efficacy of drugs and medical devices, but data is not a drug or a device, and it makes no sense to regulate it as such. That is why we bring forward the SOFTWARE Act. We support the bill and encourage others to support it. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ), who is the ranking 
Chairman, I rise in strong support of the bipartisan landmark legislation, H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
thousands of responses from stakeholders, and countless hours went into crafting this bill. This legislation is the product of months of bipartisan collaboration with the administration and stakeholders. As a result, H.R. 6 is supported by more than 370 patient groups, physician groups, and research institutions across the country. 
this bill will accelerate the development of new tools and treatments for the fight against diseases, which have a great cost to our economy and an even greater toll on the patients and families that suffer from them. 
stagnant budgets, the National Institutes of Health will receive $8.75 billion, and it will not increase the deficit. This influx of investment will be put toward solving today’s complex scientific problems and discovering the next generation of medical breakthroughs. 
In addition to this muchneeded funding for medical research, there are so many provisions in this package worthy of support. The 21st Century Cures Act will deliver hope and new treatments to Americans. 
technical in nature, their realworld impact is not abstract. Patients and families deserve to have their elected officials respond to their needs, and that is what this bill does. 
for their leadership, vision, and determination to speed the medical progress. This is an example of what our constituents want us to do: legislate and solve problems. 
this landmark effort, and I want to thank the staffs, legislative counsel, and the countless stakeholders who worked tirelessly to craft a bill that lives up to the promises of the 21st Century Cures initiative. 
minute to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ). 
today to speak about the importance of tomorrow’s vote on the 21st Century Cures initiative. This takes the necessary steps forward so that we can deliver safe, effective treatments much more efficiently and creatively across America. This legislation would give NIH, along with the FDA, muchneeded additional research dollars. 
Specifically, imagine how a significant increase in funding could speed up 
treatments and cures for such debilitating diseases such as Alzheimer’s and ALS. This legislation gives researchers a fighting chance in the hope of finding a cure for so many diseases and disorders. Investing in research today will pay dividends long into the future and will significantly reduce costs of treatment. 
would ask my chairman to proceed with another Republican because the gentleman seems to have more people. 
here on the Democrat side, congratulating them for great work on 21st Century Cures. 
the legislation that were added, one on antibiotic resistance and a lot on medical devices, because we need to reform the process. The bureaucracy is tough. 
we are not questioning or addressing or harming individual safety, but what we are doing is making sure these devices get to where they need it in the quickest possible time. 
This is just a small part of the great 
work of my friends on this side—I hope you don’t mind me being over here— and the majority side in that it is a tribute to what we can do when we work together. I am proud to be part of this team. 
the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ), the Democratic sponsor of 
the bill who has worked so hard to bring us to this day with this bill on the floor. 
Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Chairman, my fatherinlaw, Lino Lipinsky de Orlov Senior, was a true renaissance man. During World War II, he was a member of the Italian resistance, whose family sheltered Jews and Allied solders in their apartment. An artist by training, he made his way to this country with letters of introduction and became a worldrenowned etcher and museum curator. 
wonderful person. Kind to all and beloved by his family and friends, he reveled in life’s small pleasures, creating whimsical drawings for his loved one’s birthday cards and recounting tales of Italian youth, from idyllic summers on Capri to his escapades in the Resistance. 
tragedy when in 1988, we lost Lino Senior to ALS, or Lou Gehrig’s disease. ALS is a debilitating disease that weakens and atrophies muscles, leaving those with the disease the inability to perform even the most mundane tasks, much less the ability to create great art. 
Hospital in Denver, I met a young man stricken with ALS who was already confined to a wheelchair. He was there to support our bill, the 21st Century 
Cures. But what struck me was, in the 25plus years since we lost Lino Senior, there has been no cure. There has been no real treatment for patients who receive this diagnosis. 
ALS has been well known and thoroughly evaluated for a long time—after all, it gets its nickname from one of the most popular athletes of the 1920s— but we have made virtually no progress in finding a cure. This is not for lack of trying. 
The ALS community is incredibly active. Plenty of us in this Chamber and people all around the country took part in the ice bucket challenge last year. I thank FREDUPTON for a lot of 
things, but maybe the thing I should thank FREDfor the most was giving me 
the opportunity to take the ice bucket challenge last year. 
for ALS and for thousands of diseases for which we lack treatments and cures. Thanks to the mapping of the human genome and technological advances like electronic health records, researchers are poised to discover new breakthroughs that promise dramatic improvements for patients. 
Cures, will ensure that the great promise of these developments is harnessed by our Nation’s premiere research facilities, the National Institutes of Health, and the Food and Drug Administration. 
21st Century Cures is a comprehensive bill which will encourage the development of new treatments and cures. It starts by making a major investment in research with the creation of a 5year, $8.75 billion innovation fund at the NIH. We create this fund to give the leaders the chance to plan strategically and to give longer term support to promising research projects. Ultimately, these investments will help produce new discoveries in the lab. 
Cures then helps to take those discoveries and turn them into treatments for patients. We begin by modernizing clinical trials, including new efforts to ensure diverse populations participate in these research projects. 
clinical trials and adaptive trial designs to eliminate wasteful duplication of effort. 
into every facet of discovering, developing, and delivering treatments, so that a conceptual breakthrough can be applied in practical ways. 
to pool information and help researchers drill into the data to find the unique and sometimes subtle needs of patient populations. 
We help new scientists begin their careers in research so that great minds can tackle our biomedical challenges, and we will unlock the potential of modern technologies by facilitating safe data sharing and using digital medicine. We include many of the proposals in President Obama’s precision 
going to make sure that in the 21st century, the pace of breakthroughs, treatments, and cures accelerates to meet the challenges of our time. A healthier world is coming, and I look forward to getting there as fast as we all can. 
this without this team, and I want to take my minute to thank so many people who have helped with this. Ranking Member PALLONE ’s staff: Jeff, Tiffany, 
Kim, Arielle, Rachel, Eric, Waverly; Ranking Member GREEN ’s staff: 
Clay, John, Paul, Carly, Katie, Adrianna, Robert, Josh, Joan, Bits, Mark, Sean, Noelle, Tom, Leighton— they are the majority; they have a lot more staff than we do—Chairman PITTS’ staff: Heidi; Representative B URGESS’ staff: JP and Daniel; my unbelievable and intrepid staff: Rachel, Elizabeth, Matt, Eleanor, Diana Gambrel, Cole; my wonderful chief of staff who has been with me for 19 years; leg counsel. 
Most of all, I want to thank my partner and compatriot, FREDUPTON . You 
have been fabulous, and I look forward to taking this over the finish line with you. 
minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ), a member of the Appropriations Committee and a very valuable member as we put this package together. 
disease and suffering is something that even this Congress can agree on on both sides of the aisle. This is obvious from tonight’s debate. 
Preventative measures are important, but there are still diseases that we don’t understand how to prevent, much less treat. And the purpose of the cure and innovation fund is, in fact, to accelerate the discovery. 
diseases. Is there anyone in the country who doesn’t believe that we will cure diseases like Alzheimer’s or ALS? It is only a matter of time and the investments that we place in it. As the 
gentlewoman from Colorado stated, we have a lot of the pieces in place in order to create these tremendous new discoveries, and this bill gets us on the path. 
There is going to be a lot of talk 
about cost on the floor, but the cost of these diseases is not just measured in dollars. The cost is measured in families in ways that you can’t measure in dollars. 
with Alzheimer’s disease, for instance, understands exactly what I mean by that. 
Alzheimer’s alone, for instance, is hundreds of billions of dollars in Medicare and Medicaid expenses over the next 10 years. If we can cure it, we can save those. 
minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ). 
Chairman, I lost my father April 14 of this year to Alzheimer’s. It is a terrible disease. I watched how it affected him. I know that there are millions of Americans and American families that are dealing with Alzheimer’s. 
some resources so we can find a cure for Alzheimer’s and we can find a cure for these diseases that are costing American taxpayers so much money. 
I want to urge everyone to get behind the 21st Century Cures Act so we can find a cure for diseases like Alzheimer’s in memory of my father, John Duncan. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), who is the ranking 
support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, and I want to thank Chairman UPTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , Ranking Member G REEN , and 
legislation will help modernize and personalize health care, encourage greater innovation, support research, and streamline the healthcare system to deliver better, faster cures to more and more patients. 
Mr. Chairman, we might live in different regions, we might live in different times, we might be of different nationalities, we might even be of different faiths, but when it comes to the overall health of our Nation, we can surely put aside our differences and do the right thing for the American people. 
my bill, H.R. 2468, the Minority Inclusion in Clinical Trials Act of 2015, that were included in the 21st Century Cures Act. 
National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities to include, within its strategic plan for biomedical research, ways to increase representation of underrepresented communities in clinical trials. 
The second will ensure that it remains a priority at NIH to increase the inclusion rates of traditionally underrepresented communities within the future biomedical workforce. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. RUSH. Simply put, Mr. Chairman, these provisions addressed persistent systemic and widespread disparities in health outcomes for minority communities. 
As you know, many diseases, including cancer, heart disease, stroke, HIV/ AIDS, diabetes, lupus, osteoporosis, asthma, sickle cell, and kidney diseases have been studied at length and still afflict minority populations in disturbing numbers and at disturbing rates. 
underrepresented in clinical trials. There are many reasons attributed to this disproportionality, such as a lack of funding. 
The chief culprit is that research professionals tend to work toward solutions for the cure of diseases to which they have personal connections and have personal experiences. 
21st Century Cures Act does address some of these critical issues. I rise in support of the 21st Century Cures Act, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of H.R. 6. 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a member of the 
This bill represents meaningful reform for patients with rare or chronic conditions. I would like to highlight one provision I am so proud of, the OPEN Act. 
There are 1 in 10 Americans who suffer from a rare disease. That is 10 percent of the country. Over 95 percent of these diseases have no treatments. 
from the Tampa Bay Area need FDA approved safe and effective treatments. Laura has no treatment options, and Candace did her own research and took a medication off label and is now in remission. 
market drugs and combination drug products to be repurposed to treat rare diseases and put them on label. 
diseases need your ‘‘yes’’ vote. Vote for this bill. Vote for patients. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a member of the 
the way Congress should work, in a bipartisan capacity. In my 5 years on the committee, this is the most significant piece of legislation to be voted out of the committee unanimously. 
C–SPAN this evening, this is what the American people demand of Congress, bipartisan cooperation. 
only in this country, but across the globe. I am so pleased it includes language coauthored by Congresswoman ANNA ESHOO of California and me exempting future Food and Drug Administration user fees from sequestration. 
I urge an extremely positive vote tomorrow. I hope that all of our colleagues will support this to indicate to the Senate of the United States that it should move forward as well so that the legislation can reach the desk of the President of the United States. 
minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), a member of the Health 
today in support of 21st Century Cures, an initiative that gives hope to patients and families who have battled or who will battle one of the 10,000 diseases with no known cures, like my good friend and mayor of Jasper, Indiana, Terry Seitz, who lost his wife and the mother of their two daughters, Ann Seitz, to ALS 5 years ago on Thanksgiving Day, the family’s favorite holiday. 
Cures gives patients and their families the opportunity for hope and the ability to cope. These two things mean the world to those fighting a rare disease who face so much uncertainty about 
what the future may hold. 21st Century Cures turns hopelessness into hope. 
Mr. Chairman, we have a real opportunity today to improve the lives of these patients across the country, and we need to seize it. 
minute to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ), a member of 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to shed light on why the nonpartisan 21st Century Cures Act is important for patients everywhere. 
As a nurse and as part of our team 
working on this effort over the last year, I can relay that the 21st Century Cures Act is important because of people like my constituent back home, Ellie Helton. 
constituent of mine. She loved peanut butter cups, the color pink, and most of all her family and her friends. At about this time last year Ellie suffered from a ruptured brain aneurysm that took her life at the tender age of 14. 
The 21st Century Cures Act legislation creates an accelerated process by which we discover and develop cures and treatments for patients like Ellie. This legislation is fully offset and will reduce the deficit by more than $500 million over the first decade. 
Mr. Chairman, I am so proud to be a 
Member of Congress who is working on this legislation with all of my colleagues, and I am so proud of our chairman, FREDUPTON , for the work that he 
has done. This is an incredible effort, and I am so proud to be a part of it. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ), who is also a 
on behalf of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, and I salute the bipartisan authors of this bill. 
am proud of the many hours of work that members of the Energy and Commerce Committee have put in to find common ground. This is a real achievement. 21st Century Cures is a good bill. It has come a long way, but I lend my support with some reservations. 
Despite bipartisan agreement in committee to provide robust funding for the research initiatives and policies in this bill, the bill before us shorts the NIH by over $1 billion, and these funds are the very ones that are critical for cures. 
necessary support that the NIH requires to continue to be the gold standard in research and development. 
While we all agree that it is important to speed up research and clinical trials to get treatments to those in need, I want to reiterate my concerns that this focus on speed should not undercut the work that so many have done for years, including many of us here in Congress, to improve diversity in research and clinical trials. 
While this bill does include my provision to encourage the inclusion of children and the elderly in clinical trials, more needs to be done to ensure that women and minorities are included as well. This is an effort I led during the FDA reauthorization, and it is one that must not be undercut by the Cures effort. 
Finally, I must express my disappointment that once again the House majority has decided to add language to the bill that politicizes the bipartisan effort and attacks women’s personal decisionmaking. 
work that we are trying to do here, and 
I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the amendment to strip it. 
such an important bipartisan effort to strengthen our medical research and treatment development. It could be stronger, and I stand willing to work with my colleagues to do just that. 
accomplishment it is to have this historic legislation on the House floor. 
and my Energy and Commerce Committee colleagues for their hard work. We are much closer to moving American medical innovation into the 21st century. Part of that is to keep up with the ability to communicate in a modern way with patients. 
worked very closely with him and his staff during this past year to draft language to update the Food and Drug Administration’s oversight of healthcare information on the Internet, especially on social media. Millions of people use the Internet to 
find critical health information on treatments and other health topics. Unfortunately, current FDA regulations do not help communicate accurate, meaningful information online about healthcare solutions, such as prescription drugs and medical devices. 
There is enormous potential to improve American lives if we can get the FDA to write workable rules and guidance to communicate information where people’s attention is focused. 
turns to the Internet to announce its activities and inform the public, presumably in a safe and informative way. 
hope to continue working with the chairman to modernize healthcare communications and, thus, help improve the lives of all Americans. 
with the chairman on the 21st Century Cures to make sure this monumental bill ultimately meets the President’s pen and is signed into law. 
minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ). 
By encouraging innovation and providing more resources for groundbreaking research, we can provide a better future for our children and our grandchildren. 
America has a rich history of scientific discovery, from putting a man on the Moon to finding a cure for polio. With the right focus, we can do the same in finding cures for devastating diseases, like cancer and Alzheimer’s. 
his commitment to making Alzheimer’s one of the neurological diseases on which the CDC will collect data. 21st Century Cures will improve the lives of all Americans by bringing research from the lab to our families. 
I thank the chairman, the committee, and the staff for all of their dedicated work on this. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), a member of the 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to express my wholehearted support for the 21st Century Cures initiative. This legislation will change lives, and it will save lives. 
When Chairman UPTON and Congresswoman D EGETTE introduced this bipartisan initiative, they promised it would be different. They used words like ‘‘bold,’’ ‘‘transformative,’’ ‘‘profound,’’ and ‘‘hope.’’ They promised hope, and they promised to change lives. Thankfully, they have delivered on these promises and then some. 
transform our Nation’s ability to discover, develop, and deliver the cures of tomorrow. It will change and even save lives, lives like that of Fifth District constituent Teresa Altemeyer, who has a form of chronic leukemia. 21st Century Cures can make all of 
the difference. She recently told me, as one of the many hundreds of thousands of patients living with chronic lingering cancer, ‘‘I am always looking forward to the future for the next therapy that can either hold off my cancer or potentially cure it, and in the past the wait for these medications has been 
Tomorrow I will be missing the funeral of a dear friend, Judy Warren, who died on Sunday from pancreatic cancer. She would have wanted me to be here tomorrow, voting on this bill. It couldn’t save her, but it can save Teresa and many others. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ). 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation, I believe, as Mr. L ANCE stated, is proof that 
we can accomplish great things when we put aside partisanship and unite around a common goal. 
To that end, I want to thank all of 
my wonderful colleagues here today who have worked on this thing for so long. I am new to the committee, and coming into this and being able to be a part of this is really a great honor for me. 
ranking member also for my provision to extend and expand the prior authorization program for prior mobility devices in this bill, providing certainty to Medicare beneficiaries that these critical devices will, in fact, be covered. 
I am also excited about the NIH innovation fund, which entails mandatory funding, as was mentioned earlier, and will support scientists like those working at the University of Iowa. 
groundbreaking advances like the University of Iowa researchers’ discovery of a biomarker that could lead to early detection for the risk of preeclampsia in pregnant women, a discovery that could save countless lives. 
funding was cut from $10 billion to $8.75 billion, I am hopeful that we can restore this amount as the process moves forward. 
Finally, I am really happy that we finally have gotten to a point in this body, at least on this legislation, where we can think longer term and not just short term, not just about the costs for this program this year or even for the next 5 years, but think about all the savings that this will entail down the road as well, something that really happens far too often, I think, in this body and over in the Senate as well. 
on this issue. I am really very pleased to be a part of the process. Thank you for having me as a member of that committee and to be a part of the process. 
York (Mr. C OLLINS ), a member of the 
Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. This legislation will modernize and advance our healthcare system to help the millions of Americans battling rare diseases. It increases funding for NIH grants used by scientists at world class universities like those in my district in Buffalo and Rochester, New York. 
process at the FDA, helping get new drugs to market faster. Patients are demanding a fresh approach to drug approval and biomedical research. This legislation provides America’s medical innovators the guidance they need to lead a new age of medical innovations. 
my colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Commerce for their dedication to this cause. I am proud of the work we have accomplished, and I am confident that this legislation accomplishes our goal of incentivizing innovation and defeating disease. 
minute to another gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ), who again had 
a very positive impact on the legislation that was bipartisan as a part of this bill. 
support of H.R. 6 on behalf of the many Americans who have been impacted by Lyme disease and other tickborne diseases. Lyme disease is rapidly becoming a public health scourge in the U.S. We simply need to do better at prevention, diagnosis, and treatment. 
Borne Disease Research Accountability and Transparency Act, which is a truly constituentdriven effort and represents a significant step forward in bringing solutions for our chronic Lyme sufferers. 
the patient advocates, and researchers that helped in this process, including Dr. Richard Horowitz, Pat Smith, David Roth, Jill and Ira Auerbach, Holly Ahern, Chris Fisk, and other Lyme advocates across the nation, including Representative CHRIS SMITH of 
New Jersey and my coauthor and friend, Representative JOECOURTNEY of 
Finally, I would like to thank Chairman U PTON , Ranking Members P ALLONE and D EGETTE , and their dedicated 
committee staff for working tirelessly to include members’ input and manage an open, bipartisan process for this important legislation. 
New Jersey has 11 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Michigan has 14
minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today 
to support the 21st Century Cures Act and thank the chairman and the Committee on Energy and Commerce to keep America at the forefront of medical innovation by removing barriers that prevent development and delivery of lifeimproving therapies. 
keeping America competitive; it is a moral issue. The greatest physician in history said in Matthew: ‘‘Whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’’ 
Simkins, who was diagnosed with childhood cancer. Brennan has had over four stem cell transplants. He is still living today, and he is the student of my wife, who is teaching him piano. 
to us, but he still requires medications. There are medications out there which are caught up in bureaucratic red tape. By passing this bill, we can help patients and families across the country, like Brennan Simkins, get access to the medicines of tomorrow. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman from New Jersey yielding some time. 
the 21st Century Cures Act, legislation that will advance medical research at the FDA and the NIH to lead new treatment for cures for countless people. 
dangerous language that Republican leadership quietly tucked in the bill that blocks access to reproductive care. This is unacceptable. 
As a member of the ProChoice Caucus, I oppose this and other attempts to expand restrictions on reproductive care. We cannot allow this type of antichoice language to keep appearing in what is otherwise important legislation. 
medical research. Before, it was in legislation to fund community health centers and to protect victims of trafficking. Allowing this policy to move forward will move women’s health care backward. We cannot allow these attacks to continue. 
SCHAKOWSKY have offered an amendment to strike this destructive antichoice language. Today, I offer them my strong support. 
of their amendment and to also insist that we need to stop injecting the Hyde language into parts of law it doesn’t belong. 
minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the 21st Century Cures Act. This bill is a bold proposal that would accelerate our scientists’ ability to develop lifesaving cures. Our need for action is now. Currently, more than 10,000 known diseases exist in the world; however, we only have treatments for approximately 500. 
4yearold Callan Mullins was born with a severe congenital heart defect. He has undergone four open heart surgeries, suffered numerous strokes, been diagnosed with cerebral palsy; and at the age of 3, doctors delivered the heartbreaking news that he had a brain tumor. 
his parents are still seeking answers and medical breakthroughs to ensure that he can live life to its fullest. The Cures Act would offer hope to the millions of Americans like Callan battling devastating illnesses. 
tireless work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to stand with me as we pave the way for lifesaving treatments and cures. 
Chairman, let me just take a minute to recognize Chairman UPTON and Representative D EGETTE for their steadfast dedication to this bill. 
This bill would not have been possible without their work for so many years, beginning when they had these forums where they heard from patients and the advocacy groups around the country. 
The process that they used to actually obtain information that became the basis for this bill was really unusual and was very, I would say, populist and grassroots in a way that I think I would like to see emulated in the future because it was so successful. 
when we want to work together to achieve great things, we are capable. I know it hasn’t always been easy, and the staff has had to work around the clock and on weekends and during holidays since January, but this is a good bill that I am proud to support. 
members, but also the staff of Chairman UPTON and Chairman P ITTS. That 
is Gary Andres, Clay Alspach, John Stone, Carly McWilliams, Paul Eddatel, Robert Horne, Joan Hillebrands, Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, and Heidi Stirrup. 
well: Lisa Cohen, Rachel Stauffer, and Elizabeth Farrar; Mr. GREEN ’s staff: 
Kristen O’Neill; and, of course, my staff: Jeff Carroll, Tiffany Guarascio, Kim Trzeciak, Eric Flamm, Rachel Pryor, Waverly Gordon, and Arielle Woronoff. 
that we get a huge vote, but I think the 
biggest satisfaction that I am going to get when this passes and we work to get it passed in the Senate and to the President’s desk is that every Member of Congress knows that, when we go home, there are always events with various advocacy groups. 
cancer group because my mom died of pancreatic cancer about 5 years ago, 7 months after she was diagnosed, which is actually a long time. Many people die within 6 weeks or 2 months after diagnosis because the diagnosis takes so long and occurs too late, effectively. 
the groups have. Sometimes, it is a run; or it is a walk. DIANA DEGETTE  
mentioned ALS. I went to an ALS walk, I think, about 3 or 4 weeks ago. 
thinking of this last ALS walk—is that someone will come up to you and say: Why aren’t you doing enough to find a cure? Why aren’t you spending more money? Why aren’t you prioritizing this disease? Why is it so difficult to have a clinical trial or to get involved in a clinical trial? 
somebody has brought that up, I haven’t really had an easy response because, for many of the diseases, there hasn’t been really much progress at all. 
going to have—and I have already had it over the last few weeks—is when I go back and I go to one of these events and one of the patients or advocate representatives says to me: Well, what are you doing about this? 
I will be able to say: Well, we have a 
bill called 21st Century Cures, and it does a lot of things that could make a difference in terms of what your concerns are. 
That, to me, is the greatest satisfaction, really, of our being able to pass this bill tomorrow. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, if I might 
Mr. UPTON. I yield myself the balance of the time to close. I won’t use 12
here tonight and the Members, knowing that we are going to debate a number of amendments and vote on final passage tomorrow morning. 
here, a lot of great staff, terrific staff, a lot of good Members. I am not sure anyone has actually thanked the leadership on both sides. 
Speaker, not only for giving us H.R. 6, but his strong support all the way; KEVIN MCCARTHY , our majority leader; 
chair; and on the Democratic side, too, NANCY PELOSI , former Speaker, has been terrific; S TENY HOYER has been in 
the trenches every day on this issue, came and participated in our very first roundtable more than a year ago to see this bill move forward. It is, indeed, a bipartisan bill. 
about the 434 of us here in the House, every one of us has taken a different path to get here. We each represent diverse districts, and despite our differences geographically and politically, whether we have an R or a D next to our name, I daresay that there is one thread that indeed binds us all. 
of our friends, our neighbors, and our family members at home. 
the middle. So look at just Brooke and Brielle. They and so many of our friends, neighbors, and family members are why we are here today. These two little girls from my district in Michigan are bravely battling SMA. They are two of the brightest stars that I know. 
to capture just a sliver of the hope and optimism that countless patients like Brooke and Brielle exude, despite insurmountable odds. 
A year and a half ago, we had an idea. 
We sat down, Republicans and Democrats, and it was time for Congress to do something positive to boost research and innovation and deliver real hope for more cures by expediting the approval of drugs and devices. That is what this bill does. 
probably 40 or 50 different roundtable and subcommittee hearings all over the place, and we appreciated Republican and Democratic participation. We visited with patients, researchers, innovators, and health experts from across the health spectrum. We listened, and we put pen to paper, and then we listened some more. And that is why we are here today. 
Chamber or watching at home tonight who has not been touched by disease in some way, and it is about time that we actually do something about it. 
So as we begin debate on this landmark bill, I can’t help but think of the patients who are sitting across from their doctors right now about to get news that certainly is going to change their world. 
them feel powerless and vulnerable. The very system designed to help them has not kept pace with scientific advances. They need the next generation of treatment and cures, but they don’t have until the next generation to wait. 
why the timelines, the failure rates, the size and the costs of conducting clinical trials are at alltime highs. They know that, despite the promise of scientific breakthroughs, they can’t get the therapy that might save them. That is why we need this bill. We have all said too many early 
goodbyes—too many—and we have seen families robbed of a parent that is never going to get to see their child’s milestones, like not see them walk down the aisle, maybe not see a graduation, maybe not see a career, maybe not see them raise a family of their own, and we have seen children that are born without the gift of a future. Life is not always fair. We know that, but we have got to try and do better. 
The last century and the century before it brought just remarkable medical breakthroughs. From x rays and anesthesia to pacemakers and transplants, the tools to diagnose and treat patients have been transformed over and over and over again; yet for every single disease that we defeat, every condition we cure, there are thousands more still plaguing our people. Of the 10,000 known diseases, 7,000 of which are rare, there are treatments for only 500. 
indeed remarkable, but now we have got our sights set on this bill, 21st Century Cures. The bill is about making sure that our laws, regulations, and resources keep pace with scientific advances. 
disease? Yes, often billions of dollars, millions of hours—that is for sure— thousands of researchers, and hundreds—maybe thousands—of failed attempts can go into the development of yet just one single treatment or cure. It is daunting, it seems impossible, but still, patients like Brooke and Brielle hold out hope. 
physical limitations, and live lives filled with joy and optimism. Our brothers and sisters, moms and dads, grandparents and friends, they all keep faith in the future, in spite of suffering. This bill, the 21st Century Cures initiative, is for them. It is for those that we lost, those who grapple with sickness today, and those who will be diagnosed tomorrow. 
world on the greatest country on the planet, Americans deserve a system that is second to none. We can and must do better. It is about hope—hope that the burden for patients and caregivers is less tomorrow than it was yesterday—and it is about time. 
with a smile and a sparkle in their eyes, ‘‘We can, and we will.’’ The time for 21st Century Cures is now. 
Democrats, leaders on both sides of the aisle, for the patients that we want to solve these diseases for, by supporting this bill, by working with our colleagues in the Senate, but really listening to the voices that call for us to do something well. This is it, H.R. 6. Please vote for it tomorrow. 
rise today in support of the 21st Century Cures 
Act. I thank Chairman U PTON and my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for all the work they’ve done advancing this important initiative. 
For the past year and a half, we have been 
listening to experts and patients across the country detail how we can proactively address America’s growing health care needs and areas where cures and therapies are lacking. 
The single best thing we can do? Make sure 
that our ultimate goal should not be to provide lifelong treatment, but to find lifesaving cures. 
It shouldn’t take 15 years and billions of dollars to maybe get a new medical innovation approved. We need to remove the unnecessary barriers between Americans and life changing innovation. 
through red tape, and empowering scientists and researchers so they can discover, develop and deliver medical breakthroughs. 21st Century Cures does this. 
I’m proud to have authored six major provisions in the Cures package. These are bills that modernize HIPAA laws, accelerate the discovery of new cures, create research consortia to treat pediatric disorders, and bring our regulatory framework into the 21st century by embracing technologies that focus on patientspecific therapies and the potential for powerful indicators, like Biomarkers. 
here today. Today we are offering hope for the millions of Americans suffering from currently incurable and untreatable diseases. 
ALS who just wants to see his kids grow up. 
Hope for the high school student with cancer waiting for the FDA to approve a clinical trial. 
This is our chance to help foster an environment where innovation is accelerated, not stifled. Where discovery and high paying jobs are here in the United States, not abroad. 
This is our chance to offer the promise of 
Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues join me in 
taking advantage of this tremendous opportunity, and passing 21st Century Cures. 
support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, which will help uncover the next generation of groundbreaking cures and treatments for the thousands of diseases that currently have none. H.R. 6 will streamline the delivery process, enhance research and development, and modernize the regulatory system for approving drugs and medical devices. For patients, families, and loved ones affected by serious illnesses, this legislation offers real hope. 
young man named Scott Andrew Mosley who lives in my district in Henderson, Kentucky. Scott is 13 years old and was diagnosed with Duchenne’s Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) at the age of 6. DMD is a recessive Xlinked form of muscular dystrophy, affecting around 1 in 3,600 boys, which results in muscle degeneration and premature death. 
DMD begins in the legs and over time attacks all the muscles in the body. Young Scott became unable to walk at the age of 9 because of DMD, but has never complained about the hand he has been dealt. He offers encouraging smiles to everyone he meets, despite knowing he faces a disease without a cure. Last year, a group of gentlemen in the Henderson community rallied together and volunteered to remodel and refit Scott’s bedroom 
with his own shower and equipment necessary to transfer him from bed to bath. These gentlemen volunteered their time, talent, and money to help Scott and his family because it was the right thing to do. 
body, I believe it is our duty and obligation to pass the 21st Century Cures Act so that people like Scott Mosley can have hope for a cure for DMD and so many other diseases. Many other Kentuckians and Americans across this 
country are also in need, and passing the 21st Century Cures Act will bring them hope, and it also is the right thing to do. My thoughts and prayers remain with Scott and the Mosley family, and I thank them for the opportunity to speak on their behalf. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. Unanimously passed out of the House Energy and Commerce Committee with a 51–0 vote, the 21st Century Cures initiative will encourage innovation in biomedical research and development of new treatments. 
the next five years delivered to the newly created National Institutes of Health and Cures Innovation Fund and $550 million for the Food and Drug Administration over the next five years, it is clear that Congress is committed to investing in health research. Developing a better system of funding towards highrisk high reward research and research by early stage investigators is crucial to finding better health outcomes. With a better focus on infectious disease, precision medicine, and biomarkers, I strongly believe that we will finally address these areas of unmet medical needs, which are often the most pervasive issues in our health system. 
The modernization of clinical trials by supporting a more centralized system, moving to more adaptive clinical trial designs, and creating a national neurological disease surveillance system will help to develop better data and provide more patient success stories. The legislation also allows for better sharing of clinical trial information for researchers and scientists for more efficiency across the board. Also, the bill ensures that strategies will be developed to cast a wider net for clinical trials in order to increase minority representation. 
White House to take into consideration UT Southwesten’s existing particle therapy research infrastructure and expertise in leading cancer treatment research in the U.S. when selecting the planning grant award recipients. The planned center would serve as a research adjunct to an independently created and funded, sustainable clinical facility for particle beam radiation therapy. Currently, the planning grant includes pilot projects that will enable a research agenda in particle beam delivery systems, dosimetry, radiation biology, and/ or translational preclinical studies. 
UT Southwestern Medical Center received in February 2015, is exactly the type of medical and technological advancement the DFW Metroplex and country needs and is the type of federal investment we need to continue to lead the world in stateoftheart medical research. Not only is this grant a major advancement for STEM, it is a crucial step in the right direction for cancer research and those affected by cancer here in the United States. This legislation provides new funding opportunities for innovative cancer treatment approaches such as the development of America’s first Heavy Ion Center for cancer therapy and would pave the way to keep America at the forefront of medical research and stateof theart cancer treatment. 
While H.R. 6 contains many provisions regarding the biomedical research workforce, clinical trials, FDA improvements, I am most proud of the initiative’s provisions regarding mandatory funding for the NIH and FDA. I strongly believe that the Congress has not placed enough importance on scientific research and this is a way to get us back on track. Investing in innovation will yield high rewards for the medical community, especially patients. I am proud to support H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having assumed the chair, Mr. H ARDY , Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, July 7, the Obama administration once again ignored a deadline for the Iranian Nuclear Agreement while failing to set a new date to conclude discussions on what could prove to be some of the most important diplomatic negotiations of our lifetimes. 
In March of 2015, I joined 367 Members of the House in sending a letter to President Obama requesting that any agreement would be provided adequate congressional oversight and approval. This was a bipartisan effort because both Democrats and Republicans alike recognized the magnitude of the challenges we face in confronting the possibility of a nuclear Iran. 
agreement that first and foremost advances our national security and the security of our allies in the region. A clear indicator of future performance has always been past performance. Unfortunately, Iran has a decadeslong history of obfuscation when it comes to their nuclear program. 
Mr. Speaker, we must ensure that negotiations do not result in simply delaying Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon for just a few short years but, rather, a strong deal that would prevent the current regime from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon. 
the weekend, I am hopeful that negotiators will remember that no deal is better than a bad deal. 
HARDY ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 
Speaker, earlier today, the distinguished gentlewoman from California introduced a privileged resolution, not too different from the one my friend and colleague Mr. THOMPSON brought 
to the floor just last week. Mr. Speaker, that resolution called for the immediate removal of the Confederate battle flag from the Capitol grounds. And my colleagues across the aisle moved quickly to banish that resolution to die in committee. 
the Confederacy argued, but agreed, that the Confederate flag and the history it represents belong in a museum. They decided that the flag should not serve as a bright, waving reminder of the discrimination and disparity of treatment for people of color that still lingers in communities across our country—hateful sentiments that resulted in the loss of nine lives at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston. 
not hang high above the halls of State government, forcing all those who see it to wonder whether the emotions and ideology so closely tied to it are present in the hearts and minds of those who serve in that statehouse. 
long enough, and that taking it down would be one small but critical step in healing the deep divisions present in their State. 
They stood against the symbol of bigotry, they stood against years of complacency, and they stood for the principles of equality, justice, and unity for this Nation. They will take that flag down tomorrow. 
body refuses to do that. They took the path of cowardice and turned a blind eye to the struggles of generations of Americans. They used backhanded tactics last night to muddle the language of the Interior and Environment Appropriations bill, including language intended to satisfy Members who would rather see that flag fly. 
the disappearance of that bill from today’s scheduled debate and resulted in the chairman of that subcommittee disowning the final product. 
another opportunity for my colleagues across the aisle to stand on the right side of history, but they turned that chance down resoundingly. Mr. Speaker, let’s not mince words. 
While I stand with my brothers and sisters of the South, the Confederacy itself fell far below even common decency for fellow man, violating human rights and taking advantage of every part of the lives of the men and women they enslaved, sometimes for profit and sometimes purely for pleasure. 
The Confederacy used extreme violence and terrorism to subjugate millions purely on the basis of the color of their skin, and started the deadliest war ever to take place on U.S. soil to defend a disgraceful system. That flag is a symbol of the Confederacy’s effort to keep that system intact. That is why, Mr. Speaker, before the holiday, I stood in this very spot on the floor to denounce the hate, bigotry, malice, discrimination, and division that the Confederate flag stands for. 
that a symbol, while significant, is only a standin for something far stronger. A symbol will never have the strength of a bullet fired from the barrel of a policeman’s gun at an unarmed Black man because of ingrained bias. A symbol will never have the impact of a prison sentence that permanently prevents a young person from becoming a fullfledged member of society, a fate far more likely to befall a person of color. A symbol will never eradicate Black and Latino wealth like the predatory loan structures that put their homes underwater in a recession at rates that dwarfed their White peers. 
But if we are not even willing to get 
rid of a symbol, as this body has so clearly expressed its disinterest in doing, how can we possibly move on to the real underlying problems, issues like education for young people, affordable housing, and access and training for jobs. 
to do, an easy thing that would have signaled one country, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the aisle did more than just stand up for that symbol of hate and that symbol of degradation. These Members treated me and those issues that are vitally important and extremely sensitive to me in a manner that was both disrespectful, insensitive, and very hurtful, Mr. Speaker. 
We will continue to raise this issue every day that it is needed, every week that it is needed, every month that it is needed, until my colleagues can recognize that a simple act of decency, the removal of this symbol of hate and disrespect and slavery, a mark on our history that needs to be removed. 
we do that simple, little thing, and that is to stand together in taking down that ugly symbol that that flag represents, then we will be able to get on with the serious and important work that needs to be done to lift up this economy on behalf of all people. That will be education for all people, 
and higher education that is affordable for all people, Mr. Speaker. It will be affordable housing. It will be jobs and job training. It will be adequate preschool programs and afterschool programs. It will be recreation programs and characterbuilding programs. 
equal opportunity for all because that is the country that we live in, and that is the reason that we have this Congress, and that is the reason that I am here. 
I, for one, will not be silent on this 
issue until we see this change that the 21st century demands. 
Mr. BECERRA. I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for yielding, and I stand with her and what she has just said. 
how privileged we are, the Members of Congress, who have a chance to stand in this hallowed Chamber. We are the representatives of the people. We get elected to speak for the American people. We get elected to act on behalf of the American people. 
history of our country, have had an opportunity to stand right here where we are today and say that we actually can get things done, not just for the American people, for the people of the world, because there has never been a democracy like the United States of America. 
has had an opportunity to do so much for so many, and there has never been a democracy that has a chance to prove to the world that we know how to get this done and do it right. 
Chamber, we have to admit, we have to be prepared on behalf of the American people to stand up, to step up, to do what is right, and to do what the American people expect us to do. 
them, but they don’t want us just to talk. The time to just talk on so many issues has come and gone. 
public would agree that the time to just talk about what to do about the Confederate battle flag has come and gone. The time to just talk about what to do about the Confederate battle flag came 150 years ago when the chance to heal was upon us. 
As President Lincoln said in his second inaugural address: ‘‘With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds.’’ 
If we needed to talk, Abraham Lincoln said it all. Lincoln wanted us to act, to move, to get things done for the American people. 
another Black church was suspiciously burned down throughout this country, and we knew something was going on. 
driven by hate and animosity, on June 17, entered Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South Carolina, to carry out a vicious plan to start a race war—because we have seen these signs of danger growing for the disregard for life. 
and heal, before that man, crazed with hate, walked into Mother Emanuel Church; but, Mr. Speaker, after nine innocent, Godloving, Godfearing Americans were taken from their families, from their church where they were praying, from their country, the time to just talk is over. 
It is time for us to step up. It is time 
for us to stand up because that is why we get elected, to do what the people expect us, on their behalf, to do. 
and say, It is time to remove the Confederate battle flag from any grounds where we reflect the governance of a democracy. They encharge us to do that, and the time to talk has ended. 
House, last night, an opportunity for the Congress to register itself and say, We hear you, America, you want us to act, and you want us to take down that Confederate battle flag in whatever symbolic way we can, including selling that symbol here in the Capitol, we had an opportunity. 
was golden because it seemed like we had a bipartisan vote to do exactly that; but, in the dead of night, something happened. Some people decided to hide behind the dark cloud and change what we had just done. 
may only be talking, but as my colleague from New Jersey said, we are going to do much more because the time to talk has just ended. It is time to act. It is time to step up. 
Tomorrow morning, at 10, the Confederate battle flag will finally come down from above the South Carolina Capitol once and for all. Mr. Speaker, the Confederate battle flag has no place but a museum in the 21st century. 
Let us all together, those of us privileged to be in this Chamber, along with our fellow Americans, forge a path forward as a Nation that celebrates our bright future, not our dark past. It is time to take the Confederate battle flag down. It is time for us to step up. 
It is not a time to hide behind procedural motions, behind votes in the dead of night, and it certainly is not time for us to assemble a bipartisan group of Members to talk about what we need to do about the Confederate battle flag. 
It is time to do the work of the people, and they want us to act. There should be no doubt about it. The American people are speaking very forcefully. Don’t just talk; act. Mr. Speaker, I say with great pride, 
having served in this Chamber for many years, I believe the people’s Representatives in the people’s House are getting ready to act; and no act during the dead of night, no effort to derail this effort will succeed because the people have spoken and spoken in the words of the nine people who are no longer with us. 
We do it with grace, but we will do it 
with power because we understand this is not a time to just talk; it is a time to act—and we will act. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Representative BECERRA , thank you so 
much for taking your time and being here with us today, and thank you so much for your eloquent words. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN). 
to also thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for allowing me to add my voice to this discussion. 
Certainly, all Americans were devastated by the brutal murder of nine people, including Senator Pinckney, while they were attending Wednesday night Bible study at Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston. Their killer was motivated by racism, bigotry, and even had pictures of himself displaying Confederate memorabilia. 
their political representatives have engaged in serious conversations about race, about healing, and how to deal with their State’s history. 
bill a few hours ago to take down that Confederate battle flag from the grounds of the State capitol where it has flown for 50 years, and as South Carolina was moving to take down that flag, some right here were moving in the opposite direction. 
floor to express my outrage that my friends on the other side of the aisle had offered a surprise amendment last night to allow the Confederate battle flag to be displayed in our national parks and at Federal cemeteries, just a couple of days after this body voted to remove that Confederate battle flag from our national parks. 
those participating in this Special Order tonight, joined in speaking out; and as a result, I think we succeeded in stopping them from bringing that amendment to a vote. 
We are here now because we recognize that it is not enough to keep the Confederate flag from being displayed or sold at national parks. Right now, here on the grounds of the United States Capitol, where we and our staffs work and visitors from all over come to visit, the Confederate battle flag and other images of the Confederacy are still visible; and that, we believe now, is unacceptable. 
States House of Representatives, which is known as the people’s House; yet 
here in the hallways of our office buildings and elsewhere in the House of Representatives, including this side of the Capitol Building, there are State flags on display which include imagery of the Confederacy. 
Many of the residents of the wonderfully diverse district which I represent in California and many other Americans from all across our country find these images offensive, insulting, painful, even threatening. 
the people and if we want the people, all of the people of this great Nation, to feel welcome and comfortable here in the people’s House, then we cannot 
continue to have divisive symbols associated with hatred, with bigotry and oppression on public display. 
those of my colleagues in calling for the removal from the House of Representatives of any flag containing any portion of that Confederate battle flag. 
the gentlewoman from California for sharing her wisdom with us and her encouragement. 
what we experienced in Charleston, South Carolina, the kind of grace and mercy that the families of those who were felled by this domestic terrorist on the church in Charleston, South Carolina. 
there are friends that I have across the aisle who would gladly vote with me and vote with my colleagues to remove that flag and that imagery and that symbolism from any of our government properties if they would simply be given the chance. 
life and the grace and mercy and the healing and forgiveness that was demonstrated by the families of those who lost their lives in Charleston, South Carolina, and in recognition of the courageous steps that the South Carolinians did in voting to take down that flag and for the Governor to sign that and to watch, tomorrow, when history is being made, to take down that flag, I pray that our House is given the opportunity to vote our conscience because I know that I have colleagues on the other side of the aisle that feel the same way that I do, that believe in the greatness of this country and that believe in justice and liberty for all and believe that those symbols that remind us of the mistakes that we have made belong in the annals of history, to be remembered, but never to be repeated. 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
my privilege to be recognized by you and address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives, this great deliberative body. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Iowa? 
There was no objection. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
come to the floor tonight to take up a topic that I think is going to be of interest to all Americans, but I can’t dive into that topic immediately without first referencing my reaction to these long days of debate that have taken place here in Congress about opening up a subject that had been put away by this country since about 1865. 
I grew up as a Yankee well north of 
the MasonDixon line. I saw the Confederate flag in multiple applications. It always was a symbol of southern pride and regional patriotism and a symbol that said to them that the South was proud to be the South, but I never saw it as a racist symbol. 
But it had drifted into a symbol of an 
artifact of history until such time now as it has been seized upon by those who are using it to divide America again. 
these days of this ritual of excoriating the Confederate flag. I regret that that has been brought up. And one would think that, if it was that offensive, that they would just let it drift back into history as a relic of history rather than try to resurrect it as a symbol of something that they can’t seem to let go of. 
every component of our history has not been as noble as we would like. Every country in the world has had difficulties along the way. We have risen above our difficulties, Mr. Speaker, and we have adjusted to them and have put them behind us. 
But we cannot be eradicating or erasing the history of our country. It is important that we do keep it in front of us so that we can evaluate the lessons learned and move forward and make progress. That was the reconstruction era. That goes clear back to right after 1865, and I regret that those old wounds have been peeled open again. 
talk about President Lincoln’s second Inaugural Address and binding up this Nation’s wounds. They have been bound up. They have been healed up. And now they are open again, regretfully, Mr. Speaker. So I will package up that component of my response. 
over to the topic that I came to the floor to address, and that is the topic of the Supreme Court from the marriage decision, the decisions that actually came down from the Supreme Court—I believe it was a week ago last Thursday and Friday. 
from the Supreme Court on ObamaCare, the King v. Burwell case, where the majority decision of the Supreme Court concluded that the law, as passed by the United States Congress, doesn’t mean what it says. 
majority of the Supreme Court, what they think the President would have liked to have had it said if he had actually been dictating the language there. 
the language that is in the bill, not the language that should have been in the head of the President and the Speaker of the House at the time. 
Court who, over the last generation, has been textualist. This has emerged from the Rehnquist court and should have survived and been enhanced under the Roberts court, that the law means what it says and the Constitution means what it says and, furthermore, it needs to mean what it was understood to mean at the time of ratification. 
and changes and morphs along the way. And the language that is written into the Constitution, into the various amendments that are there and written into our laws, we can’t simply say that because we have a different way we utilize language today, that somehow the people who ratified it had a meaning that conformed to the morphed language of the modern world. And I would have thought that Chief Justice Roberts would have been one of those who would have adhered to that. 
has said to this Congress: You may have intended one thing, but the language in the bill that you passed and was signed into law actually means something different. So you can either live with the decision of the Court or you can set about changing the language so that the language actually does what you intended it to do. It is a simple understanding of simple construction under the law in the Constitution. 
the ban on partial birth abortion that passed here in this Congress in the nineties. It went before three Federal courts and then was appealed to the Supreme Court. 
that the ban on partial birth abortion that Congress had first passed was vague in its description of the act itself and that Congress didn’t have findings that partial birth abortion was not necessary to save the life of the mother. 
So it was struck down by the Supreme Court, and that means they sent it back to us. They said: Congress, fix that. And I got involved in that. 
STEVE CHABOT of Ohio, who was the chairman of the Constitution Subcommittee at the time, and J IMSENSENBRENNER , the chair of the full Judiciary Committee. We held hearing after hearing. We rewrote the definition of ‘‘partial birth abortion’’ so that it was precise and clear and understandable, and we complied with the Court’s directive. 
In those hearings, we brought witnesses that put into the CONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD a mass of evidence that concluded that a partial birth abortion was never necessary to save the life of the mother. We did those things to conform to the directive of the Supreme Court because they read the text of the law. 
that concludes that—well, the text may say one thing, but we think the President would have preferred it to say something else. And so did most of the people, maybe, that voted to pass ObamaCare, that very partisan piece of legislation. Maybe they intended for it to say something else, too, but it didn’t. 
words ‘‘or Federal Government’’ into the statute that said an exchange established by the State. The Supreme Court essentially wrote into that ‘‘by State or Federal Government,’’ alleging that the language was vague. 
to think that in the United States of America, a country ruled by the rule of law, that we could have a Supreme Court who—no one has a higher charge to read the language, to understand it, to call the balls and strikes, as the Chief Justice has said. 
I think he forgot to say that you are 
supposed to also call whether it is fair or foul. Well, I think it is foul. It is a foul ball for the Supreme Court to think that they can change the language of the law. 
then had an obligation to adjust the policy to our intent from now, maybe not the intent at the time that it was passed, because those years have moved. 
next day, Friday—a week ago last Friday, as I recall—the Supreme Court came with a decision, a decision on same sex marriage. I have some experience with this, Mr. Speaker, and it falls along this line. 
reading the mirror of our 14th Amendment, which is in our United States Constitution—and the mirror of it is written into the Iowa State Constitution—they concluded that samesex marriage was the law of the land in Iowa. And their conclusion was that it fell underneath the equal protection and due process clauses of the 14th Amendment—the mirrored component of the 14th Amendment that was in our Iowa constitution. 
Brien decision in the Iowa case. I read that decision. I read all 63 pages. But 
read it. I looked at the ceiling. I contemplated. I looked back down at the words. I tried to absorb the kind of legal rationale that would get you to the point where you could conclude that under equal protection or due process, that marriage really was between one adult and another entity, whatever sex or gender that entity might be. And they wrote that under the protection of the 14th Amendment, the Equal Protection Clause and due process, that, quote, homosexuals have a right to public affirmation, closed quote. 
law, I know of no place in society, I know of no place in history where there is an individual, let alone a group of people, a selflabeled group of people that have any claim to public affirmation, public approval conferred by the court. But that was the key to understanding this litigation that has moved forward since 2009. 
It brings us into 2015. And we have a 
decision in the Supreme Court that commands all States, if they are going to recognize any marriage, to recognize same sex marriage and for all States to also provide the reciprocity of recognizing marriages that take place in other States, as those individuals may come through or move into their States. That is that right of reciprocity. It is in the Constitution, reciprocity. 
Court to essentially create a new right, a right to same sex marriage manufactured out of the 14th Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, that was ratified in 1868—and, by the way, it ties into this dialogue about the Confederate flag and all the rhetoric that we have had in this Congress all week long. It ties into it in this way: 
Constitution were ratified in the aftermath of the Civil War. They were established, first, the 13th Amendment, to free the slaves because the people in the legislature at the time didn’t believe that a clear statute that freed the slaves was going to actually have the impact that a constitutional amendment would. So they passed the 13th Amendment to establish that there will be no slavery in the United States anywhere, ever. 
the Equal Protection Clause and the Due Process Clause and the clause says that all persons born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof shall be American citizens. All of that to ensure not only that the freed slaves would be free and they would have equal access to all their rights of citizenship but that their children would also be citizens and that they would have equal protection under the law. That was the essence of the 14th Amendment. 
We are asked to believe that somehow those who wrote and ratified the 14th Amendment in 1868 had secretly 
put some subtle language into it that they somehow knew we would discover in 2015 that says, there shall be same sex marriage in all of America, and the Supreme Court will find it, and they will impose it upon the rest of the country because they are the enlightened five of nine in black robes. 
terrible record, a terrible record on dealing with large domestic issues. In 1857, Dred Scott, they thought they could resolve the slavery issue. The Supreme Court was stacked in favor of the South. Five from the South and one from Pennsylvania that was sympathetic to slavery. They had a 6–3 operation going on. And they essentially declared that blacks could not be citizens, and they could not be free. They could not be citizens, and they could not be freed by States. And that if a slave owner owned a slave, they owned that slave in any State that that individual might go. That was the decision of Dred Scott. 
away. It came back to haunt this country over and over again. And it was part of the conflict that began in the next decade, within 1862, and that brought about the death of 600,000 Americans and split this country apart and it has taken years to put us back together. The Dred Scott decision. 
prayer out of the public schools. We honored that decision. We stopped praying at least openly in our public schools. Now the question is: Can a football team without the coach kneel on the grass and pray before a ball game? 
Freedom of religion. And we are dealing with this kind of assault on free religion because the Supreme Court in Murray v. Curlett in 1963 dumped that on us; 1973, Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton. Then you have the Lawrence v. Texas decision. 
And it goes on and on and on, Mr. 
Speaker. Up to this point, the domestic life of America has been dramatically transformed by order of the Supreme Court, the people least connected to the will of the people. When they separate themselves from the text of the statute and the text in the understanding of the Constitution, we are in a place where the Supreme Court then has put themselves above the law, above the Constitution, and above the will of the people. 
that as well as anybody in this United States Congress is my friend from Texas, Mr. LOUIE GOHMERT , who speaks 
to us often in these Chambers. I know about his marriage, and I know about his conviction to the rule of law and the Constitution. 
for my very dear friend—not just friend, but dear friend—from Iowa, and 
I am pleased that he would take the time to talk about this. He is making some great points. 
look at it, was decided by a majority who had great aspirations that the media was going to love what they did. Instead of looking at the words of the Constitution and applying those words, they were playing to the elite media, and the elite media was completely wrong. Slavery was the worst abomination and blot on this Nation’s history, and it is tragic that the Supreme Court played an active role in that. 
you pointed out, from the sixties, the seventies, the Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court has contributed to tens of millions of murders—tragic. But I guess as a former judge and a former chief justice, nothing infuriates me more than for a judge or justice to believe that they are completely above the law. I know what it is to recuse myself. I know what it is for judges who are friends of mine who had strong feelings about a case, but they knew that they would not be fair and impartial and so they had to recuse or disqualify themselves. 
Justice, Sonia Sotomayor, who has made comments indicating a massive question over her impartiality. But if you take two Justices about which there is no question, they were totally disqualified. They were very partial, and they were opinionated. Going into this opinion, they had long since made up their minds. 
the last marriage, a samesex marriage, that Justice Ginsburg performed. She emphasized the word ‘‘Constitution’’ when she said, ‘‘I now pronounce these two men married by the powers vested in me by the Constitution of the United States.’’ That is a Justice who was completely disqualified. 
We know that Justice Kagan had performed a samesex marriage before this opinion. So we had two Justices who, under the laws of the United States as allowed by the United States Constitution’s clear reading, were disqualified. They were lawbreakers in order to dictate legislation on a social issue over which they have no authority by virtue of the Constitution and the 10th Amendment. Yet they violated the law, they violated the Constitution, and they violated their oath. 
any court and violate your oath, violate the law, and violate the Constitution. But the law is wanting to assure 
to be so far above question that not only do you have to disqualify yourself if you are partial, you are biased, you are prejudiced in a case, but ‘‘if your impartiality might reasonably be questioned’’ is the language, then you have to. It is a ‘‘shall.’’ You shall disqualify yourself. 
the law, violated the Constitution, violated their oath, were dishonorable, and dictated law they have no business dictating. 
like to make, and I brought this up on C–SPAN yesterday, but I have been giving it some thought. What would be a good way to really get a grip on what nature would indicate? And my friend knows I was there in Iowa with him after that ridiculous decision by the Iowa Supreme Court and the three judges that were up for retention that year were eliminated, as they should have been. But having read that Iowa decision back then, I was amazed that the Iowa Supreme Court said this is a no evidence matter. 
We have different standards: substantial evidence, beyond a reasonable doubt, and preponderance of the evidence. 
There is no evidence of any kind from any source to indicate a preference for marriage between a man and a woman as opposed to marriage between two men or two women. 
to say, well, I would be willing to put up everything I will make for the rest of my life, that it would go in to a bet, because I have that much faith in what Moses said and what Jesus said. 
that a marriage is when a man shall leave his father and mother and a woman leave her home and the two will become one flesh. That is a marriage. Jesus repeated: You know the law. Moses give you the law. Here is the law. 
Moses, and then He added a line and said: What God has joined together, let no man pull apart. 
So I have such faith in the words of 
Moses and Jesus, I would be willing to stake anything I make the rest of my life that my kids would otherwise get that we could take four couples of man and woman as Moses and Jesus said and find a place that we could place them where they are isolated but they have everything they need to live and have a good, full life, and then take another place, an island or such, and put four couples of men, all men that love each other, and put them in such an isolated island situation where they have everything they need to be comfortable and live, and then have an island where we have four couples of women that love each other, they are going to stay together. And then let’s come back however many years you want to wait to come back, at least 25, and you could go 200 years, and let’s go 
back and see what nature has to say about which couple it prefers to sustain a civilization. Which couple is preferred by nature? You and I believe nature is God, as the Founders did. Which one is preferred? And I am willing to bet everything that I make the rest of my life that in those situations where just nature has to take its course, the couples of man and woman will be the one that proliferates and continues to exist and live on to produce further generations. 
people of Iowa found so offensive that they had judges that were so completely ignorant of nature and nature’s God that they could say that there is no evidence in nature or anywhere else to indicate a preference for a couple between a man and a woman. 
you need to be able to see someone you love in the hospital, you bet. We ought to make sure State legislatures fix that problem. If you love somebody, they are your partner, you care about them and they care about you, you don’t want to just stalk anybody you want, but if there is a mutual love, admiration, and respect, you ought to be able to see them in a hospital. You ought to be able to transfer property and leave property. We ought to be able to address those things in the law. 
block for future generations and future civilizations, I can promise you that if it is not built on couples that are man and woman, as Moses and Jesus said, then that civilization will not endure. It is just the law of nature. 
I love the people of Iowa. I love the 
fact that they came out and let it be known that these judges who were educated far beyond their intellectual capability needed to step down because the people of Iowa could figure out that there was evidence to support marriage being between a man and a woman. 
So I appreciate the time the gentleman has yielded to me. Thank you for continuing to stand for what is right, even when we have Supreme Court Justices that violate the law, the Constitution, and their oath. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman from Texas. I appreciate his presentation here tonight and the many times and many hours that he has spent on the floor. I also would say for the record that the gentleman from Texas, Judge LOUIE GOHMERT , who had 
the temptation to legislate as a judge and understood constitutionally how to go about that, resigned his seat as a judge and ran for the United States Congress because he is, at heart, a legislator with a deep respect and appreciation for the rule of law, the statutory construction, and the Constitution itself. 
Iowa and rode the judge bus. We traveled around from town to town and gave speech after speech. There were some folks to greet us there that 
weren’t very happy with our presence. I don’t think their mothers were very proud of them, Mr. Speaker, but I think Louie’s mother can be very proud of him. 
heart of the heartland, and you can’t think about the heart of the heartland without thinking of Kansas. I know the gentleman that represents the vast reaches of the western at least two thirds of Kansas, if not more, has arrived here tonight, and he has demonstrated his faith and his commitment to family in a lot of ways. I have been able to see that. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to visit tonight about a very radical decision. I appreciate the discussion of my colleagues from Texas and Iowa outlining some of the background. 
Court would have us believe is that 100 years before I was born, somehow secretly written into this constitutional Amendment was language that invalidated laws in every State of the Union at that time. They want us to believe the authors of this constitutional Amendment, the 14th Amendment, violated their own State laws at the time and just didn’t know it. That is silly. That is utter nonsense. And only if you lived in Washington, D.C., in some bubble and spent your weekends or your summers vacationing in Western Europe, not in western Kansas where I am from, could you dream up somehow the Constitution dictated that you would 
overrule, override, undo—this is five unelected black robe attorneys that are going to dictate to 50 million Americans that you are wrong on the definition of marriage. You are wrong. 2,000 years of human history is wrong. The authors of the 14th Amendment were wrong, and 31 States are wrong. Let me go through that. We are talking about dozens and dozens of States that adopted by a vote of the people. 
the Winter decision. This same Court, the exact same Court, said: Do you know what? It is up to the States to decide. 
wrong 2 years previous to that and set to deny the vote, the right to vote to shortcircuit the democratic process. Now recognize, folks have strong opinions. 
States—President Obama and I both agree on this point; there are strong opinions on both sides, but what is happening here is the folks that can’t win in the State of Kansas, can’t win in 30 other States, have decided that they are going to try to find five people, five people to overrule 50 million. 
home State of Kansas, when we passed our Kansas marriage amendment, which I was proud to be the author of, 417,675 men and women voted to declare that marriage is only between a man and a woman. Five lawyers across the street said, You are all wrong—every one of them. 
2008, 7,001,084 Californians were declared to be wrong by five people across the street, five people who have already fled town. They have left town. They won’t even stay here; they don’t even show up in public. They go behind closed doors, make up their mind, come out, and rule. 
were afraid of with judicial tyranny of folks trying to dictate, to mandate, take their personal biases, and mandate them on California, mandate them—let me pick a State at random— the State of Maine, 300,848 folks in Maine. How about in Alaska? 152,965 people that these 5 people said were wrong. 
were 51,483,777 people that this court, these 5 people, not the entire court, 5 people decided you 51,483,777 people, you are wrong. Those five were wrong 2 years ago—or at least one of them was wrong. They changed their mind 2 years ago. 
If you look at the Holy Father’s latest encyclical that has been much discussed, it talks about the rule of law and how if you start violating laws that becomes a pattern—and here, we have a pattern of this Court deciding to ignore the clear Constitution and decide to impose their biases. 
frightening. This is not only imposing their biases against traditional marriage; these five people don’t like marriage as 51 million Americans understand that. 
only that, they have opened the door to plural unions; and it is coming. They referenced a Court case. This is where this Court is headed, and it is totally out of step, not only with 51 million Americans, but with their own Court decision 2 years ago, but also with the whole idea of our Constitution, that somehow it is living and breathing and then five people. 
which we have had atrocious decisions throughout history of this country. You go not far from this—and my colleague from Iowa knows this—you go not far from here, you go down, I think it is a floor down, where you had a decision by the same U.S. Supreme Court, just a few different folks, decided certain people didn’t have rights and made a decision, an atrocious decision. They were wrong. I think the Court is wrong today. 
know better is the elitism that I think is driving folks crazy, and it is not just on this issue. My colleague from Iowa has pointed out, again and again, it is 
concerns about immigration, it is concerns about education, it is concerns about spending, about overregulation where you have folks inside a bubble in Washington, D.C., they read every week. 
York Times and think they are doing a great job; they read The Washington Post, but they don’t read and listen to real Americans. Again, they travel and vacation in western Europe. 
decisions in the arguments that have no basis not only in our jurisprudence, but in our history and are using that which is outside—I have never served in the U.S. Senate; I probably never will, and I have no desire to do that, but I have got to wonder, when each of these five that decided to overrule 51 million, did anybody ask them: Do you think you are smarter than the rest of America? Did anybody ask them? 
they said: We can’t tell you how we are going to rule. 
perhaps five, of these judges, these attorneys, these lawyers made up their mind before they got the case and said: This is the decision. Here is what we want to reach. Here is the outcome. Let’s make something up so we can at least claim there is an argument. 
no legal argument. All there is, is the utter power, the claim that we get to dictate what the rest of America will accept. 
have to go 42 years ago. A court tried to do the same thing. And at that time, in ’73, and I am guessing January 24, 1973, I was a little tyke. Thank goodness I was born before the Roe v. Wade generation. I saw some of those folks run around today, claiming they were part of that generation. 
those are gone. At that time, the Court said they were going to impose abortion on all of America through all 9 months. Do you know what, they walked away and said: We got it all done. 
people are resilient. When they see outrageous decisions like this, it might take them weeks, it might take them months, it might take them a year, it might take them decades, but they will be pushing back. They will be pushing back and demanding that, when you put your thumb into the eye of 51 million Americans, you put your thumb in the eye of 2,000 years of history, you put your thumb in the eye of millions of millions of children that deserve a dad and a mom, a married dad and a mom, and say: Do you know what, you don’t count; you don’t count. 
spend billions of dollars every year trying to replace a mom and a dad. Here we are today because of five people across the street—again, five people deciding for the rest of us. This was not 
interpretation of the Constitution; this was just utter legal nonsense. 
this. One is a Federal marriage amendment. I have introduced that a couple sessions in a row. That is the way you amend the Constitution. The way the left amends the Constitution is they get five votes. 
Folks have been worried about a constitutional convention; and I always joke that, well, they have one every time they issue a ruling. This one was a constitutional convention, utter legal fiction and nonsense. They know it; they all know this. 
tonight, laughing about our comments on the floor saying: Well, yeah, everybody knows that. 
are trying to figure out, okay, here is the decision we want; here is how we get there. A Federal marriage amendment is one option, but that is difficult. 
about—and it was noted in the oral arguments, it was noted in the opinion of the majority and the minority, because of this decision, mark my words, mark the words of the dissenters—is they will use this decision to attack religious liberties of Americans who still believe, 51 million and plenty of others, that marriage is between a man and a woman. 
ago, they said they would stop at civil unions. That was all they wanted; then, well, maybe want something else. Now, it is not only do they want marriage, the next one will be to say, if you disagree with me, you not only have to bake a cake, you have to participate in other ceremonies in other ways. It goes on and on. 
with others, the First Amendment Defense Act, which I call upon those who believe in marriage, and even if you don’t believe in marriage but believe in the supremacy of the American people rather than five attorneys, we bring that to the floor and defend the rights and liberties of Americans and the thousands, perhaps tens of thousands, perhaps millions of churches that say, Do you know what, we don’t agree with that, and we will not have the Federal Government imposing their way—these five people. 
Now, I am just one. We got 435 in this 
body, 100 in the other body, and the Court just said: Do you know what, that doesn’t matter. 
from tyranny, good things do not come. Our Founders understood that. 
my colleague said: What difference does Congress make anymore? 
they get to rewrite the law, and the marriage decision was they get to rewrite the Constitution. This is a fundamental decision on the history of our 
country, the history of our Constitution, where the future goes, and the history for and the future for our children. 
his efforts for many years. I will not apologize on behalf of 417,675 Kansans who voted for marriage. If those five Justices are asking them to apologize, they will not. They will continue to defend God’s lawful marriage, and they will do that proudly and will continue to defend the State, and our U.S. Congress should do the same. 
Iowa’s leadership. These are one of these things that it is not easy. 
Congressman, I appreciate your leadership on this and not giving up for the right thing. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the gentleman from Kansas, but I would ask if he will yield to a question before he retires. 
amendment to preserve marriage between a man and a woman. I would ask if you would be prepared to, if you can, from memory, quote that into the RECORD here tonight. 
to quote it. I know what the vote was. 
marriage is reserved between one man and one woman. It is a very simple definition, a very historical definition, and it was adopted by 417,675. 
never once told the State of Kansas that, if five people wanted it, that was the rule of law in Kansas—no. We had to go through an open process, have the debate, have the campaign, get it through the legislature. 
We tried 2 years in a row; it didn’t 
happen. Finally, in 2005, it got on the ballot. It went up. Everybody had their up and down American experiment of democracy and decided. 
understands this, my Congressman— that people said: We don’t need to do that. The Court would never overrule that. There is nowhere that is in the Constitution. 
a man and a woman. That is the thing, marriage predates government. No matter what these five unelected lawyers appointed for life—with full benefits, I might add, and health care—outside of ObamaCare, that is another issue—no matter what they say, they are not changing what a marriage is. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I would like to reiterate this point that as you debated this in Kansas, I am one of the authors of the Iowa’s Defense of Marriage Act. Ours says differently than I think all the other States. 
between one man and one woman. I insisted that the language say between one male and one female because I didn’t want to be in a debate about what a man was and what a woman was. I didn’t know that, within the last 
couple of months, we would be having that debate nationally, but I think our debate is more specific—however, overruled by the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa. 
that we voted three of those justices off the bench, swept them off. There were only three up for retention ballot in 2010. We voted them all off of the bench. 
precise as our language is, I could not divine any right to samesex marriage in the Constitution, not in the 14th Amendment, not in the Iowa Constitution that is mirrored to the 14th Amendment; but the Supreme Court found it anyway. 
that, if your amendment becomes incorporated into our Constitution that a more liberal court, or this Court itself, might find a way to rationalize their way around no matter how we write it? 
bias, and our colleague from Texas talked about that, two justices that clearly demonstrated bias in the State of Kansas, that would be a basis for not ruling on the case and perhaps not even being on a court. 
I mean, those are illegal. I am not an 
attorney, but we recognize that would be highly unethical in the State of Kansas, but apparently, that is the way you get things done nationally, to impose your will. 
passing that we can’t forget is what this does for our children, what this does for our children by attempting to fundamentally destroy and redefine marriage. 
you devalue what really is marriage. The last thing we need to be doing in this society is devaluing families, devaluing marriage, and attacking the basis of our society. Our Founders understood that. 
what their history was growing up, what led them to change their mind and impose that on the rest of America; but that is why our Founders said: Here is the Constitution. You can interpret it, but you shall go no further. 
that in Kansas, they understand that in Iowa, and I suspect they understand that in Florida. 
from Florida—I am looking at two doctors here—the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). 
for coming down tonight, as well as the gentlemen from Florida and Texas, and the other folks that might show up. 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from Iowa, Kansas, and Texas for coming down here to share your thoughts on this important item. 
about diluting the institution of marriage, and if we keep going down this path, it will be worth nothing. 
money, it is worth nothing; and if we keep diluting the value of the things 
that have made our society great, the nucleus family, if we keep doing that, it becomes more washed out. 
Court’s 5–4 decision on Obergefell v. Hodges demonstrated yet again the highest court in the land legislating from the bench. 
only for the fact that the court had not four States to redefine marriage, but even more so because it removes millions of American from the democratic process of choosing for themselves who and what defines marriage. 
brought up 51 million—hold a traditional view of marriage between one man and one woman. And I am proud to say that I have been married to my wife Carolyn for over 40 years. God bless her because we know that is a tough job. 
people, the voters, the ability to decide whether or not to recognize samesex marriage. 
made a valid point, which I am sure is shared by many Americans. He said those who founded our country would not recognize the majority’s conception of the judicial role. 
And then he continued: They certainly would not have been satisfied by a system empowering judges to override policies, judgments, so long as they do so after a quiet extensive discussion. 
bench, what is the point of the States’ rights. I think that is what this gets down to because 30 States wanted to define and have the right, according to the 10th Amendment, that it is a State’s rights issue. 
If you live in that State and they decide what marriage is and you don’t like it, you have the freedom to move or challenge us through the State system. 
I think it is a sad day in America 
when we have to, as a country, redefine who we are as a Nation, we have to redefine what marriage is, an institution that has been around and ordained by God for over thousands of years, 2,000 years plus, to come down to this point in our society. 
lived by, and I am going to hold this up for the viewers. This is, in total, the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. And you can see it is a very thin book. It is not epic in volume, but, yet, it is an epic in ideology 
of what a nation stands for, a nation of 
We have the three branches of government. I have been up here for 21⁄2 
years, and what I hear over and over again is we are in a constitutional crisis. 
years, I see a lot of dysfunctionality. And if we don’t do our job, you get other branches of government fulfilling that job and overstepping their boundaries. 
when he stated in his dissent: A system of government that makes the people subordinate to a committee of nonelected lawyers does not deserve to be called a democracy. 
system of government that makes the people subordinate to a committee of nine unelected lawyers does not deserve to be called a democracy. 
be eroded, and I will continue to fight for the States’ rights and stop this continued Federal power grab. 
dissension in his ruling, and Roberts forcibly criticized the majority: Sidestepping the democratic process and declaring that samesex couples have the right to marry when, in his view, such a right has no basis in the Constitution. The court’s decision, he complained, orders the transformation of a social institution that has formed the basis of human societies for millennia. 
We are redefining that. And then he goes on to the Kalahari 
bushmen and to the Han Chinese, the Carthaginians, and the Aztecs. Just who, Roberts laments, do we think we are? 
The other three justices echoed Roberts’ sentiment, sometimes in even more strident terms. 
Justice Scalia characterized the decision as a judicial putsch and suggested that, before he signed on to an opinion like the majority, I would hide my head in a bag. This is from our Supreme Court justices. 
I think it is a sad state of affairs 
that, in the three branches of government, that we are out of balance. 
most powerful branch. It is the way our Founders set our country up. It is the longest living democracy and constitutional free republic in the world. The reason for that is the checks and balances. 
you and to my colleagues that our three branches of government are seriously out of balance. 
when the government oversteps its boundaries, whether in total or in the different branches, and they overstep the boundaries of the Constitution, it is not only our duty, but it is our responsibility as Americans and as the people’s House in the United States of Congress to stand up and rein in government and hold those other branches 
colleagues on the House floor to make sure that we are the ones that stand up and say: Enough is enough. We have had enough. 
thank the fine gentleman from Florida for his presentation, his understanding of this, and his conviction on constitutional issue after constitutional issue, including reminding us this is a constitutional republic that we live in. 
husband of Roxanne Babin, the gentleman from Texas whom I get to count as a good friend here in this Congress, who has stood up on principle time and again. 
have 8 minutes left in our time. So we will try to judge it accordingly. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate the gentleman from Iowa and good friend. I appreciate recognizing my wife in the gallery as well. 
time, and I thank him for his leadership on this very important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today deeply and bitterly disappointed and saddened by the recent actions of five unelected U.S. Supreme Court justices and their decision to defy the will of the American people and disregard the rule of law. 
marriage and State sovereignty, I believe it is absolutely wrong that five unelected members of the U.S. Supreme Court overruled tens of millions of Americans, including many in my home State, the State of Texas, who voted to enact State statutes and State constitutional amendments to define marriage as between one man and one woman. 
the Supreme Court invalidated the votes of over 50 million Americans. That is deeply disturbing and alarming. And the dissenting justices raised this very concern. 
assault as courts and some state legislatures have sought to both redefine marriage as something other than between a man and a woman. 
action to penalize and discriminate against those who have religious and conscience convictions against the redefinition of marriage. 
Americans acted through the legislative and election process to keep marriage between one man and one woman within their respective States. 
upon themselves to sidestep the democratic process and to silence those voices with their reprehensible activist decisions. 
By circumventing the votes of American citizens, the Supreme Court’s sweeping decision now sets the Government on a collision course with religious freedoms guaranteed in the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. 
will now be forced into a position of great uncertainty. If their religious beliefs conflict with samesex marriage, they may lose their business license and they could be subjected to prosecution or even litigation. 
exemption status for any church or religious organization that opposes same sex marriage. This is alarming and it demands action. 
bureaucrats like Lois Lerner on conservative groups in the past, and we can expect the same under these discussions. As elected leaders, we cannot and must not back down. 
religious protection of our constituencies against such judicial activism and the consequences that will come from it. I have met with local pastors in Texas over the past few weeks, and they are very, very concerned about this ruling. 
action to restore each States’ ability to determine their own marriage laws and to protect individuals and institutions with deeply held religious convictions regarding traditional marriage to ensure that they do not face discrimination because of these convictions. 
As an unwavering advocate for protecting the traditional marriage, I strongly support and have cosponsored a constitutional amendment to define marriage as between one man and one woman. 
We should also pass the First Amendment Defense Act to protect churches, Christian schools and colleges and business owners from being coerced by the government to act against their religious convictions in regards to acceptance of samesex marriage. 
Texas, where I have spent my entire life, people are very distressed over the Supreme Court’s redefinition of marriage and its impact on their ability to freely practice their faith. They realize, as do I, that, under the Supreme Court’s decision, things are going to get worse as this collision course is set in motion. 
that challenge the faith of average American families who hold their beliefs dearly, as well as their churches, schools, and charities. 
strong solidarity with my constituents, our local and State leaders, and the likeminded colleagues that I have had the great privilege of listening to tonight and having your time yielded to me. I serve with you folks in Congress that we will never back down on this issue. 
protection of religious liberties granted under our U.S. Constitution. 
thank the gentleman from Texas, and I appreciate very much his commitment to many causes, especially this cause. 
I recognize the gentleman from California that has arrived, and I point out that we are down to 3 minutes. 
I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) to hear what he 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from Iowa. Thank you for a little bit of time on this. 
It is indeed something I know a lot of 
people are grieving over with the Supreme Court decision, first on the morality issue. 
that believe in God, feel that the Bible is pretty clear on this subject of homosexuality and the application of marriage. 
a choice. People can choose to follow that path of biblical values or they can choose not. They will make that decision, and they will be held accountable for that decision one way or the other. 
So what I am looking at is that the 
court, in this ruling, has usurped the process of the American people in the legislative process and replaced it with the opinions of five court members. 
following Monday, the court upheld that the people would draw their own lines in Arizona and, by extension, California. 
So the people’s voice is heard on district lines as seen by the court, but the people’s voice is ignored when California passed two different initiatives to uphold marriage. 
the court on what the Constitution is supposed to mean on the people’s voice, and that is very troublesome. 
It indicates to me that we are not far 
from a constitutional crisis with the way this court usurps the people’s voice and the legislative process. 
gentleman here tonight. Thank you for your leadership on this important issue. 
have heard from a list of solid constitutionalists here this evening that are not only committed to their oath to support and defend the Constitution, but, also, each committed to their own marriage throughout these years that, if we added them up, it is well over a century of us together. Marilyn and I are 43 years. 
the rule of law. I have great respect for the Supreme Court of United States, but I have greater respect for the supreme law of the land, which is the Constitution of the United States. 
and if the Constitution can have divined within it certain rights that are imagined only by this court and not imagined by the people that ratified the very language that they are 
Obergefell v. Hodges decision on marriage, right behind the decision of King v. Burwell—that, if the court continues down this path, Mr. Speaker, they will render our Constitution an artifact of history and this country will not respect a court that doesn’t respect the language and the text of the Constitution. 
the decision of the Supreme Court that imposes samesex marriage on all of America and requires each of the States to recognize with reciprocity those marriages. That is a decision this Congress couldn’t make for the American people, and it is a decision that should be left up to the States. 
one who is prepared to support the simple elimination of civil marriage because this government has gotten into it so far that holy matrimony will not be protected from the further litigation in this Court unless we separate it from civil marriage itself. 
be that that sues our priests and our pastors to command them to conduct samesex marriages at their altars, and that is where the First Amendment freedom of religion comes into conflict with the distorted view of the 14th Amendment which is part of this Obergefell, and that, Mr. Speaker, will be a constitutional crisis. 
RUSSELL ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
earlier discussions from my friends— and I literally mean that, friends; I am not being sarcastic, they are friends— talking about the shootings. It sounds like they were certainly racist shootings in South Carolina when an evil man shot brothers and sisters of mine as fellow Christians. 
Now there is this big race to go after 
the Confederate flag. So, Mr. Speaker, I saw this article by Daniel Greenfield and felt like this was worth noting, historically, information that Mr. GREEN field has published this month. 
Just touching on parts of the article— I started to say ‘‘he,’’ but it says ‘‘Daniel.’’ Maybe it is a man, maybe it isn’t. I don’t want to be biased based on a name. 
talking about President Obama: ‘‘When Obama condemned Christianity for the Crusades, only a thousand years too late, in attendance was the Foreign Minister of Sudan, a country that practices slavery and genocide. President Obama could have taken time out from 
his rigorous denunciation of the Middle Ages to speak truth to the emissary of a Muslim Brotherhood regime whose leader is wanted by the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity, but our moral liberals spend too much time romanticizing actual slaver cultures. 
get in his milliondollar Cadillac with 5inch thick bulletproof windows, a ride Boss Hogg could only envy’’—Boss Hogg being a reference to the name of the show ‘‘Dukes of Hazzard’’—‘‘and chase down a couple of good ole boys than it is to condemn a culture that committed genocide in our own time, not in 1099, and that keeps slaves today, not in 1815. 
references to ‘‘Dukes of Hazzard’’— ‘‘the Duke boys were chased through Georgia, President Obama appeared at an Iftar dinner, an event at which Muslims emulate Mohammed, who had more slaves than Robert E. Lee. There are no slaves in Arlington House today, but in the heartlands of Islam, from Saudi mansions to ISIS dungeons, there are still slaves, laboring, beaten, bought, sold, raped, and disposed of in Mohammed’s name. 
Confederate flag eagerly being pulled down. It does exist under the black and green flags of Islam rising over mosques in Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and America today. 
it has become politically incorrect to watch the General Lee’’—talking about a car—‘‘jump a fence or a barn, but paying tribute to the culture that sent the slaves here and that still practices slavery is the culturally sensitive thing to do. In 2015, slavery is no longer freedom, but it certainly is tolerance.’’ 
indigenous African and Middle Eastern practice, not to mention an indigenous practice in America among indigenous cultures.’’ 
those who don’t understand indigenous cultures, he is talking about Native Americans. There were Native Americans that had slaves, just like in Africa and Middle Eastern practices. 
The article goes on: ‘‘If justice demands that we pull down the Confederate flag everywhere, even from the top of the orange car sailing through the air in the freeze frame of an old television show, then what possible justification is there for all the faux Aztec knickknacks? Even the worst Southern plantation owners didn’t tear out the hearts of their slaves on top of pyramids.’’ 
history we understand Aztecs did pull out hearts of slaves that they sacrificed on top of pyramids. 
Anyway, the article says: ‘‘The romanticization of Aztec brutality plays a crucial role in the mythology of Mexican nationalist groups like La 
says: ‘‘Black nationalists romanticize the slaveholding civilization of Egypt despite the fact that the narrative of the liberation of the Hebrew slaves from bondage played a crucial role in the end of slavery in America. The endless stories about the ‘Amazons’ of the African kingdom of Dahomey neatly fit into the leftist myth of a peaceful matriarchal Africa disrupted by European colonialism, but Dahomey ran on slavery. 
slaves for the Atlantic slave trade. White and Black liberals are romanticizing the very culture that captured and sold their forefathers into slavery. ’In Dahomey,’ the first major mainstream Black musical was about African Americans moving to Dahomey. By then, the French had taken over old Dahomey and together with the British had put an end to the slave trade. 
‘‘The French dismantled the ‘Amazons’ and freed many of Dahomey’s slaves only for the idiot descendants of both groups to romanticize the last noble stand of Dahomey fighting for the right to export Black slaves to Cuba and condemn the European liberators who put a stop to that atrocity. 
Dixie, how can we possibly justify romanticizing Dahomey or the Aztecs or Mohammed? 
which clearly they are, the article says. ‘‘If slavery and racism are wrong, then they are wrong across the board... Dahomey and Mohammed 
had bought, sold, and killed enough Black lives to be frowned upon. 
most cultures kept slaves. The Romans and Greeks certainly did. That’s why the meaningful standard is not whether a culture ever had slaves, but whether it has slaves today. If we are going to eradicate the symbols of every culture that ever traded in slaves, there will be few cultural symbols that will escape unscathed. But the academics who insist on cultural relativism in 19th century Africa reject it in 19th century South Carolina, thereby revealing their own racism. 
modernday slavery in Africa and the Middle East, social justice warriors are swarming to invade Hazzard County. 
we admire, respect, and even romanticize had slaves, but when we look back at their achievements and even try to forge some connection to them, it does not have to mean an endorsement of their worst habits. This is a concept that liberals understood but that leftists reject. 
the nuanced reason of the former has been replaced by the irrational, destructive impulses of the latter. The left is so obsessed with creating utopias of the future that, like the Taliban or ISIS, it destroys the relics of past 
societies that do not measure up to its impossible standards. And then it replaces them with imaginary utopias of the past that never existed. 
not get rid of racism by banning the Confederate flag. Even when it is used at its worst by the likes of Dylann Storm Roof, it is a symptom, not the problem. Roof was not radicalized by the dead Confederacy, but by the racial tensions kicked off’’—I am not sure I want to say that. 
all of this talk about eliminating any references or uses of things that remind us of the horrors, the abomination that slavery was in the United States should be eliminated. That is what we are hearing. 
about that—and the suggestion was made by my friend, another judge from Texas, Judge CARTER , so I had to go 
look it up. I think there is an entity that was so evil in supporting slavery, in fighting against civil rights, in fighting against the Christian brother that Martin Luther King, Jr., was, fighting against those who wanted equality that the Constitution guaranteed, we ought to look at those symbols, and we ought to look at what they stood for and perhaps ban any political organization from participating in Congress for upholding the abomination that slavery was to this country. 
So I was able to get a copy of this 
platform, this political platform from 1856. This is the number one plank in the platform of this hideous political organization, and this is what they believed and they asserted. 
plank in their party platform: ‘‘That Congress has no power under the Constitution, to interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the several States, and that such States are the sole and proper judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs, not prohibited by the Constitution’’—then, here it goes—‘‘that all efforts of the 
abolitionists, or others, made to induce Congress to interfere with questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in relation thereto, are calculated to lead to the most alarming and dangerous consequences; and that all such efforts have an inevitable tendency to diminish the happiness of the people and endanger the stability and permanency of the Union, and ought not to be countenanced by any friend of our political institutions.’’ 
plank in this hideous political organization’s platform from 1856. 
‘‘That by the uniform application of this Democratic principle to the organization of territories, and to the admission of new States, with or without domestic slavery, as they may elect— the equal rights, of all the States will be preserved intact.’’ They are saying they want to preserve slavery in any State that wants to have it. 
That we recognize the right of the people of all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the legally and fairly expressed will of a majority of actual residents, and whenever the number of their inhabitants justifies it, to form a constitution, with or without domestic slavery.’’ 
Klan would have done. They are demanding that they have the right to have slavery, the worst abomination in the history of America, that even Thomas Jefferson put in his original draft of the Declaration of Independence that it was a horrible grievance against the King of England for allowing slavery, this horrible abomination, from ever starting in America. 
This hideous political organization’s platform in 1860 said they were adopting all the things that they had said in 1856 about the right to keep this heinous, offensive slavery intact. 
They include this, though, additionally in their platform of 1860: ‘‘Resolved, That the enactment of the State Legislatures to defeat the faithful execution of the Fugitive Slave Law, are hostile in character, subversive of the Constitution, and revolutionary in their effect.’’ 
only were they avid supporters of slavery in America, but that it was their right to own people in America. This disgusting political organization also found the fugitive slave law to be, as they say, hostile in character, subversive of the Constitution. 
from the Ku Klux Klan. Will we want the Ku Klux Klan participating here on the floor when this is their history? It is the worst abomination. 
overcome, largely by abolitionist churches and pastors, people who believed that it had to stop, that people couldn’t be treating brothers and sisters in such a way. 
Jr., to push us to the level where brothers and sisters, as he was in Christ, could treat brothers and sisters as equal people. That is where we should have been all along. It is where he was pushing us to be against the hideous type things from 1856 and 1860. 
If we are going to eliminate everything that reminds us of a hideous past that supported slavery and the oppression, the horrors that slavery entailed—breaking up of families, molestations, the beatings, just the horrors— John Quincy Adams was right. God could not continue to bless America while we were treating brothers and sisters by putting them in chains and bondage. 
Republicans that stood up to these hideous political organizations were right. There should be no place for slavery in America. 
cleansing of this country of anything, any symbol, then this platform from the Democratic Party in 1856 and 1860— and it wasn’t the Ku Klux Klan; it sounded like it, and there were a lot of Democrats who were members of the Ku Klux Klan. I don’t know that you can find Republicans that were members of the Ku Klux Klan, but there were certainly plenty of Democrats that were. 
I think it is time not for the Washington Redskins to change their name, but for the Democratic Party to change its name because all you have to do is go online and look up the history of the Democratic Party. It is one of oppressing African Americans. It is one of supporting slavery and the horrors that occurred in the United States, even up through the 20th century on into the 1860s. 
who was a member of the Ku Klux Klan. I think he has got a lot of things named after him. I hope that my friends who will ultimately want to change the name of the Democratic Party because of its horrible history will also want to change the names of things that were named after somebody that was a big supporter of the Ku Klux Klan. 
The fact is the families of the victims in Charleston, South Carolina— brothers and sisters in Christ, for those of us who are Christians—wow, did they send a powerful message. I didn’t see or hear them demanding the Confederate flag be taken down. I heard them forgive the one—the evil, horrible person—that committed such a vile act on people at a prayer meeting, of all things. 
showed, the kind of love that was embodied by Father Damien, whose statue is right down at the southern entrance of this building beneath us right now. The plaque on his statue—God forgive anybody who would ever want to change this, because it is so powerful— are the words of Jesus in John 15:13: ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.’’ 
that; Martin Luther King, Jr., did that—many have so that we could have the freedoms we have today, many of our American military forces have, not just for your freedom, but freedom around the world. 
we have been blessed. Let’s stop the name calling, the race baiting, the division politics. Let’s fuss and disagree over issues, but let’s quit trying to tear this country apart because of things of the past in which not one person in this room would have taken part in. 
push for what we believe is best for the country, but let’s stop the race baiting 
because, if we are really going to go there, we have got to end the Democratic Party. Its history is so interwoven with starting, keeping, trying to push slavery on beyond anything that it should have been through. 
Party. We just need to work together in the present. That doesn’t mean we can’t disagree. We do all the time. Let’s stop the race baiting. Let’s look at the example of the victims’ families in Charleston, South Carolina, and say: Wow, there are incredible believers and followers of Jesus Christ. That is somebody we can emulate. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of attending a funeral in district. 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 728. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
H.R. 891. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’. 
reported that on July 9, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’. 
United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’. H.R. 728. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, July 10, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Report to Congress entitled ‘‘Corrosion Policy and Oversight Budget Materials for FY 2016’’, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2228; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2109. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Revisions to the California 
2116. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Revisions to the Particulate Matter Less than 2.5 Micrometers (PM2.5) Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) Permitting Program State Implementation Plan (SIP) [EPAR06OAR20140626; FRL993027 
2119. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a list of international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days, in accordance with the CaseZablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2125. A letter from the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco’s 2014 management report and financial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CRENSHAW: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 2995. A bill making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–194). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2990. A bill to provide for the conduct 
of demonstration projects to test the effectiveness of subsidized employment for TANF recipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
TIBERI , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. 
H.R. 2991. A bill to encourage States to engage more TANF recipients in activities leading to employment and selfsufficiency, and to simplify State administration of TANF work requirements; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Ms. HAHN): 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the U.S. Merchant Marine of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act to authorize funding for water recycling projects in areas experiencing severe, extreme, or exceptional drought, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
himself, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. E STY, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H IMES, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. C LARK of 
ELLISON , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. L EE, and Mrs. 
strengthening the Nation’s mental health infrastructure, improving the understanding of violence, strengthening firearm prohibitions and protections for atrisk individuals, and improving and expanding the reporting of mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2996. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to establish wildfire on Federal lands as a major disaster; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a demonstration program to enter into budgetneutral, performancebased contracts for energy and water conservation improvements for multifamily residential units; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
STIVERS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
reciprocity among States that license insurance claims adjusters and to facilitate prompt and efficient adjusting of insurance claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2999. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to suspend and remove employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3000. A bill to require the Administrator for General Services to obtain an antivirus product to make available to Federal agencies in order to provide the product to individuals whose personally identifiable information may have been compromised; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Mr. GIBSON, and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): 
longterm contracts for Federal purchases of energy; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3002. A bill to prohibit the receipt of 
Federal financial assistance by sanctuary cities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): 
H.R. 3003. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the work opportunity credit for hiring individuals who are veterans or members of the Ready Reserve or National Guard, to make permanent the work opportunity credit, and to expand and make permanent the employer wage credit for employees who are active duty members of the uniformed services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3005. A bill to amend title IV of the 
Social Security Act to ensure funding for grants to promote responsible fatherhood and strengthen lowincome families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3006. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve health savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
LEE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
H.R. 3007. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to prohibit the display of the Confederate battle flag in national cemeteries; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
of Education to award grants to promote civic learning and engagement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
BUCK, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. W EBER of Texas): 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to deny assistance under such section to a State or political subdivision of a State that prohibits its officials from taking certain actions with respect to immigration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3010. A bill to prohibit assistance provided under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families from being accessed through the use of an electronic benefit transfer card at any store that offers marijuana for sale; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. R OSS, Mr. 
CALVERT , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B RAT, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. J ONES , and 
and Nationality Act to increase the penalties applicable to aliens who unlawfully reenter the United States after being removed; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3012. A bill to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by patients diagnosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. R EED): 
WILLIAMS , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B ARTON , 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, Mr. R EICHERT , 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
Mr. H OLDING , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. 
Substances Act to authorize physicians, pursuant to an agreement with the Attorney General, to transport controlled substances from a practice setting to another practice setting or to a disaster area; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. B ARR, Mr. M CKINLEY , 
HARTZLER , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. R OGERS  
H.R. 3015. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to primarily consider, and to separately report, the domestic benefits of any rule that addresses emissions of carbon dioxide from any existing source, new source, modified source, or reconstructed source that is an electric utility generating unit, in any such rule, and in the regulatory impact analysis for such rule, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3016. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3017. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make the maximum capital gains rate for individuals 15 percent; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
GRANGER , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. R OSKAM): 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of the privileges of the House; to the Committee on House Administration. 
for designation of May 30 as ‘‘National Bartter Syndrome Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Senate of the State of Illinois, relative to Senate Resolution No. 618, urging Congress to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965 without delay and with adequate funding to reflect the growing populations of Americans who benefit from the Act’s programs and services; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 94, urging the Congress of the United States to eliminate the current ban on crude oil exports; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 207, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to regulate airline baggage fees and processes for consumers as it relates to transportation of passenger luggage and passenger delays resulting from lost, damaged, or delayed luggage; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
74. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolution No. 44, urging Congress and the President of the United States to support the passage of legislation to expedite family reunification for certain Filipino veterans of World War II; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
75. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Resolution No. 102, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to designate Grambling State University as an 1890 landgrant institution; jointly to the Committees on Agriculture and Education and the Workforce. 
the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 87, urging the Congress to take such actions as are necessary to amend the employer shared responsibility provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to eliminate penalties on school districts; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule Xll of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. DOLD: 
H.R. 2990. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States 
H.R. 2991. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2992. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers. 
H.R. 2993. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2994. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . to 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 2995. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
H.R. 2996. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) and Article I, Section 10, Clause 3 (relating to interstate compacts). 
H.R. 2997. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
1); Commerce Clause (Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3) 
H.R. 2998. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
H.R. 2999. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3000. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution which states ‘‘Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 3001. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3002. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3003. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3004. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3005. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subsequent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
H.R. 3006. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the ability to lay and collect taxes and to provide for the general welfare of the United States, and Amendment XVI. 
H.R. 3007. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3008. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3009. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States).’’ 
H.R. 3011. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4—‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States’’ 
H.R. 3012. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3013. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3014. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
H.R. 3015. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3016. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3017. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 224: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 225: Mr. F ARR, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 226: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 303: Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. 
H.R. 379: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 539: Mr. V EASEY and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 551: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
H.R. 563: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Ms. K USTER , and 
H.R. 692: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 702: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. 
H.R. 765: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
H.R. 836: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. D OLD, Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 969: Mr. L YNCH and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 985: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
H.R. 1000: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1150: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 1171: Mr. P ETERSON and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.R. 1220: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. P ALLONE and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1301: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1312: Mrs. B USTOS and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1356: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. 
H.R. 1388: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. V ALADAO and Ms. R OS 
H.R. 1427: Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. P AYNE and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . H.R. 1453: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 1603: Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. B LUM, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and 
H.R. 1610: Mr. L ABRADOR , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. S ALMON , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. W AGNER, and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. R OKITA , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 1748: Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. F RANKEL of 
H.R. 1752: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 1786: Mr. K IND, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. L UMMIS , and 
H.R. 2026: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. G RIFFITH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S HIMKUS , and 
H.R. 2061: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2102: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2121: Mr. R OSSand Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2241: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2291: Ms. E STY, Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
H.R. 2342: Mr. N OLAN and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 2380: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B OST, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN . 
H.R. 2493: Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. R USSELL and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. C OSTA and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2669: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. O LSON , 
H.R. 2713: Mr. F ARR, Ms. B ORDALLO , and 
H.R. 2716: Mr. J ONES , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
H.R. 2726: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 2739: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. T ONKO . 
HARTZLER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mrs. B LACK BURN . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. B ARR, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
CONAWAY , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and 
Mr. H ARDY . H.R. 2849: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
BOST, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. V ARGAS , 
H.R. 2937: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. H UDSON , and 
H.R. 2940: Mr. D ENHAM and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2942: Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 2944: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 2972: Ms. H AHN, Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. 
H.R. 2980: Mr. C ARNEY and Mr. D OLD. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. S ERRANO and Ms. C LARKE  
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R OSKAM , 
H. Res. 207: Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Miss R ICEof New 
H. Res. 348: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. C OSTELLO of 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4901 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 2015 No. 106 
MCCONNELL , a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, keep us from being a 
nation that forgets You. Remind us that righteousness exalts any nation, but that sin deprives, degrades, and destroys, providing reproach to any people. 
lead our lawmakers to accomplish Your purposes. Use them to break the stranglehold of wickedness, providing deliverance for captives and freedom for the oppressed. In You, O God, we find refuge. May we not be brought to shame, for You can make even our enemies be at peace with us. Continue to guide us, strong Deliverer, for we are pilgrims in this land. We are weak, but You are mighty. Guide us with Your powerful hands. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 