Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, advocates from the new emerging marijuana industry in Oregon are descending on Capitol Hill at a very critical time for this fledgling industry. 
They have a report about the implementation of Oregon’s Ballot Measure 91—overwhelmingly approved by voters last year—to legalize, tax, and regulate marijuana at the State level. Possession became legal July 1. Retail sales were authorized in existing dispensaries on the 1st of October to significant interest around the State. 
the spirit and the letter of the measure, working closely with the Oregon legislature to refine it, learning from the experience of States like Washington and Colorado that have already legalized adult use. 
opportunity, product development, tax revenues, more freedom for individuals, and eliminating the racial disparities in the enforcement of a failed policy of prohibition that comes down heavily against young men of color, especially African Americans. 
At the same time, there was a scathing report this week from Brookings Institution researchers John Hudak and Grace Wallack that called out the roadblocks that are being put in place by law enforcement and Federal policies that stifle medical marijuana research, that interfere with the science and the doctorpatient relationship in ways that are completely unwarranted, counterproductive, and destructive. 
They come at a time when the Federal Government has told the Drug Enforcement Agency to stop harassing medical providers after Congress clearly passed legislation to protect the industry and, more importantly, a patient’s right to medicine. 
passed with strong bipartisan support, clearly specifying that the Federal Government should not interfere with Statelegal medical marijuana operations. 
The Department of Justice, unfortunately, took an outrageously flawed position, which infuriated those of us who authored these provisions and have worked to pass them over the last 2 years. The DEA ignored the law, and the Department of Justice defended them in this unfortunate action. 
out of touch the Federal Government agencies are with the reality on the ground, with the will of the majority of the American people, who think that marijuana should be legal, and with the policies of the President himself. 
President Obama has declared marijuana no more harmful than other perfectly legal substances, like tobacco, which is, in fact, true, and that he had bigger fish to fry than fight against State legalization. Unfortunately, some parts of his Federal Government are still frying those fish. 
turned. As I mentioned, the majority of the American people now think marijuana should be legal, as 23 States, the District of Columbia, and Guam now have medical marijuana and 17 more have authorized a limited version of medical marijuana. We have 4 States and the District of Columbia that permit outright adult use, with more States considering this over the course of the next year. 
do, as Secretary Clinton recently said in Colorado, is just stay out of the way. 
Stop interfering. Let legal marijuana businesses have bank accounts. Don’t force them to be all cash. Let them deduct their business expenses from their taxes instead of penalizing them with grotesquely punitive levels of tax. Let the States continue in their efforts at reform. Let them treat it just like we do alcohol. 
The day is fast coming when the Federal policy will be to robustly research and, ultimately, deschedule—or remove—marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act, no longer pretending that it is or should be a Schedule I controlled substance, and, instead, tax and regulate it at the Federal level. 
In the meantime, the States will continue marching forward; the public will continue to request that we, at the Federal level, stop interfering with medical marijuana; and Congress will continue our efforts with increasingly large, bipartisan majorities to make this policy work to replace the failed attempt at marijuana prohibition. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
the United States and Israel share the same principles and values: fundamental ideas like freedom, democracy, respect for the rule of law, and human rights. 
same security concerns, like fighting terrorism and seeing stability in the Middle East, two issues that seemingly grow worse for the entire region day by day, but especially for Israel. Many of the recent tragic terror attacks and incidents of violence in Israel have been incited by both the Palestinian Authority and Hamas, with Abu Mazen openly inciting the violence himself. 
Tomorrow the Foreign Affairs Committee will mark up a resolution that I introduced alongside my south Florida colleague, Congressman TEDDEUTCH , 
which condemns the antiIsrael and antiSemitic incitement by Abu Mazen and the Palestinian Authority. When Israeli citizens cannot walk out of their homes to go safely to work or to go to the grocery store for fear of another terrorist attack, we must hold the Palestinian leadership accountable. 
at the United Nations, where he seeks to delegitimize Israel and seeks unilateral Palestinian statehood. Just last month, Abu Mazen told the U.N. General Assembly that Palestinians would not abide by past agreements, proving, once again, that he is no partner for peace. 
at UNESCO when the P.A. attempted to include incendiary text in a resolution that claimed the Western Wall was part of a Muslim holy site; and, next week, Abu Mazen is scheduled to speak 
at a special meeting at the U.N. Human Rights Council. 
Mazen accountable instead of continuing to give him a pass for his actions and show that actions have consequences. 
that Israel faces. In addition to the terror inside Israel, it remains surrounded by threats like ISIL, Iran, Syria, challenges that are shared by the United States. 
The Iran deal is riddled with loopholes, with ambiguities, and with outright dangerous provisions, including a sunset clause that paves the way for a nucleararmed Iran in as little as 15 years—just bide the time. It also includes the lifting of the arms embargo against Iran and the lifting of sanctions on Iran’s ballistic missile program. 
In addition, the Iran deal releases billions of dollars that is allowing the regime to increase its terror financing and helps fulfill its destructive ambitions in the Middle East. 
For years, Congress, not the administration, has led the charge to push back against Iran and to sanction it through an effective sanctions program that constricts its energy, transportation, and financial sectors. 
proactive again, to get out in front of the Iranian deal, and to ensure that the administration holds Iran accountable and will not allow incremental cheating, because it is almost impossible to see this administration scuttling the deal for anything less than a major violation on Iran’s part. We need to develop stronger sanctions against Iran for its illicit behavior and ensure that the administration fully enforces the sanctions on the books. 
While the U.N. resolutions implementing an arms embargo and restricting Iran’s ballistic missile program are still in place, Iran is already testing our resolve. It is violating these resolutions. It testfired a ballistic missile, and it continues to ship arms to Assad and Hezbollah to use against the people of Syria and against Israel. 
Congress must move to enact additional sanctions against Iran, and we must designate and sanction Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Quds Force, because they will be the big winners in this sanctions relief. We must target Hezbollah and Iran’s other proxies because you can be sure that, with Hezbollah, it is only a matter of when, not if, it decides to attack Israel. 
it needs to defend itself from Hezbollah and from other outside threats. With Iran providing Hezbollah with more advanced rockets and missiles, even with precisionguided systems, Israel is facing an enemy with almost 150,000 rockets pointed at every major city in 
funding to Israel for its David’s Sling system, for its Iron Dome system; and we need to do it sooner, rather than later. 
desert of tyranny, a desert of terror and instability; and it is absolutely vital, Mr. Speaker, that Congress and Israel stand together to face these challenges united. The President won’t do it. The Congress must. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I recently had the pleasure of speaking with a group of people involved with Community Voices: Why Nutrition Assistance Matters. It was inspiring to hear about the real and positive impacts our Federal nutrition programs have in the daily lives of Americans all across this country. 
national campaign launched by the Center for American Progress, the Coalition on Human Needs, Witnesses to Hunger, the Food Research and Action Center, Feeding America, and the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. 
stories of individuals and service providers who experienced firsthand programs like SNAP or WIC or school meals. These contributors are the real experts when it comes to the importance and effect of our vital nutrition assistance programs. 
culminated in this booklet, a compilation of many of these personal stories. I would like to take a moment and share a few of these stories. 
relationship, and now I am raising my daughter by myself. My daughter participates in the school meal program and the afterschool snack program. The snack program really helps so that my daughter isn’t as hungry when she gets home from school. 
SNAP. This money is supposed to supplement my food budget, but it is really all of my food budget because my income barely covers my rent. Right now, I’m homeless, and it is hard to find a place to live for less than $500 a month. 
‘‘Because of SNAP, we are not starving. As a mom, I try to cut out a lot of bad food from my family’s diet, but it is a difficult task to buy the healthier food because it is expensive. It’s also very difficult because we have been homeless for a couple of months, so I have to use other people’s refrigerators. 
‘‘I am very thankful for these programs and to all the people who are trying to make all these programs better. They really helped me and my daughter.’’ 
a summer program at a park in Morgantown, Kentucky, assisting with skillbuilding activities. Without this nutrition program, the kids who came would not have had lunch, since school was not in session. If the kids didn’t come to that park for nutritional food, I’m not sure they would have gotten it anywhere else. None of the food was wasted; and if there was any food left over, the kids would take it back to their families. 
our government sometimes forgets that and needs to be reminded. This is a moral imperative for our country to make sure that all people, especially children, have the resources needed to develop—even more so for families and children in poverty.’’ 
all of those who took the time to share their stories. They remind us that these programs are helping real families who are trying to do their best in very difficult times. 
Mr. Speaker, all too often the discussion around SNAP and our other antihunger programs is punctuated by misinformation, false stereotypes, or downright nasty rhetoric. It is frustrating, and it is wrong. 
a positive difference these programs make for families who are really struggling. 
The data backs up just how important these programs are. In 2014 alone, for example, SNAP lifted 4.7 million people out of poverty, including 2.1 million children. Ninetytwo percent of benefits go to households with incomes below the poverty line, which includes millions of struggling families working hard every day to put food on the table. 
programs is one of the smartest investments we can make. For example, for every $1 spent on preventive services for a pregnant woman in WIC, the program saves $4.21 in Medicaid costs by reducing the risk of preterm birth and associated costs. 
that we need to hear firsthand from the people who are directly touched by SNAP, WIC, or school meals. They are the real experts, and they can guide us, as Members of Congress, as we work to strengthen and improve these programs. 
have received a Community Voices booklet. It is a call to action to protect our vital nutrition assistance programs. I encourage you to read the stories about how these programs are helping families who need them most. Without them, hunger would be much, much worse in this country. I urge you to keep their stories in 
mind the next time proposals come before Congress to cut funding for WIC or restrict access to SNAP or make it more difficult for kids to get healthy meals in school. Harmful changes like these would hurt real families who are already struggling. We should not make their lives more difficult. We should not be making hunger worse in this country. Mr. Speaker, we can and we should do more to end hunger now. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize October as National Fire Prevention Month and would like to thank all the firefighters across my district and across the Nation for all that they do to keep our communities safe. 
United States responded to nearly 400,000 fires, resulting in $7 billion in property damage and more than 2,700 deaths. That, unfortunately, amounts to an average of eight people every day. 
Of those who lost their lives as a result of fire, one in four was caused by a fire that started in a bedroom. This is one of the reasons why one focus of this year’s Fire Prevention Month is to raise awareness that every bedroom needs a working smoke detector. 
Mr. Speaker, as a volunteer firefighter with nearly three decades of experience, I know that smoke detectors save lives. The statistics prove this, showing that working smoke detectors cut the risk of dying in a fire by half. 
easy to install. I urge everyone to take action to help prevent future tragedies. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 50th anniversary of Goodwill Industries of North Central, located in my district. This organization assists people across a huge portion of north central Pennsylvania, including 13 counties. 
its region since its launch in 1966. Over the years, their service area has grown to cover more than a dozen counties, 20 stores—the most recent addition, our 21st store, which is an online store they operate—and has created jobs for more than 500 people. Last week, I visited Goodwill’s distribution center in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, and learned more about the organization’s plans to open an additional three stores as well as a donation training center. 
work and determination are still the cornerstone to Goodwill of North Central’s foundation. 
local organization is backed by a highly regarded national network. Across 
the United States, Goodwill is considered one of the top five most valuable and recognized nonprofit brands and is the secondlargest nonprofit organization. Pennsylvania alone is served by 10 Goodwill Industries service areas; and Goodwill has solid ties to the communities it services through partnerships with local businesses, schools, and human service agencies, helping individuals overcome life challenges through opportunity, education, training, and employment. 
during my daytoday routine: father, husband, community member, caregiver, legislator, and so on. I am sure most of you would agree with the fact that the different roles that you fulfill in your life provide you with diverse perspectives and help shape your outlook on what is most important. My experiences have solidified my belief in the value of community. Whether we are talking about our national economy, the quality of our health care, or closing the skills gap, we can agree that the most successful efforts start in our local communities from the ground up. 
have peace of mind that their money is going to the right place, since 90 cents of every dollar is directed toward its mission and its services. These services were provided to nearly 1,200 people across the north central region in Pennsylvania in 2013, providing an immensurable benefit to our region. 
great time to reflect on all of the growth that Goodwill Industries of North Central has achieved as a team and to continue to prepare your plans for the future. I commend them for all their remarkable accomplishments, and I look forward to the great things that are to come. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) for 5 minutes. 
morning in some horror and alarm over the socalled Default Prevention Act that this Chamber will be considering. Of all the Orwellian names that the House comes up with for legislation, this one is truly deserving of an award by the Ministry of Truth. 
not been following the swirling, madcap antics around the House of Representatives lately, let me assure you that the Default Prevention Act in no way prevents a default. The Default Prevention Act, in fact, specifies that two categories of people get paid in the event that the Congress does not raise the debt ceiling. It specifies that private bondholders of U.S. Treasuries will get paid interest, and it specifies that Social Security recipients will be held harmless. They will get paid. 
sounds attractive; but everybody else that is expecting a check or a salary or 
some form of repayment by the United States Government, they are out of luck. 
are not in this bill as somebody who gets paid if the government doesn’t raise the debt ceiling. Four million disabled veterans are out of luck under this bill. One million doctors who today are providing Medicare services to our senior citizens are out of luck. Sorry. You didn’t make it into the Default Prevention Act cooked up by the Republican majority. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bill that stunningly and explicitly defines for the world, tells everybody exactly how the U.S. Government intends to be a deadbeat, who we are going to pay and who we are not going to pay, and here is how we are going to be a deadbeat. 
Why would you do that? What possible sense does that make? 
this is a terrible piece of legislation, but let me just focus on two. 
my friends on the Republican side of the aisle that everything creates winners and losers: the Affordable Care Act, the ExIm Bank, you name it. DoddFrank creates winners and losers. This bill very explicitly creates winners: Social Security recipients and bondholders. 
By the way, who are these bondholders? Who holds United States Treasury debt? Do you? 
I will tell you who holds most of it: 
China. China does. This is why, on the Democratic side of the aisle, we have called this bill the Pay China First Act, which is actually a much better description of what this act actually does than the Default Prevention Act. 
worked in the capital markets for a long time. There is no way to gracefully default on your debt, to say, ‘‘Oh, we will pay interest; we will pay Social Security. But we are not going to pay soldiers; we are not going to pay Medicare.’’ Once you tell the world that we do not intend to abide by our obligations, the world loses its faith in the United States. 
is an absurdist fiction. What do we get from it? The debt ceiling has never prevented the accumulation of debt. That happens because this Chamber and the United States Congress chooses to spend more money than it chooses to tax and bring in. 
There are really only two ways to reduce the deficit and the debt: you can tax more, which nobody likes to do; or you can spend less, which it turns out that nobody really wants to do either because, of course, everybody in this Chamber has the things that they want to spend their money on, but the other guy’s stuff, well, that we are going to cut. 
saying we are going to tax too little and spend too much, create a deficit, but then we are going to vote on this 
magical thing called the debt ceiling that will allow us to say ‘‘I am not raising the debt ceiling because I oppose spending.’’ It is absurd. And you know what? It leads to legislation like this. 
before. Pretty soon in the next couple of days, grown men and women in this Chamber are going to talk about maybe the Treasury minting a highdenomination platinum coin to solve this problem, as though we were characters in some kind of ‘‘Harry Potter’’ movie instead of responsible legislators. 
constituents are sick and tired of the House of Representatives acting in this fashion: ideological and absurd. My constituents want us to come together to deal with the real problems facing America: of improving the economy, of making education accessible. But, no, we are going to spend some time on this absurdly named Default Prevention Act. 
this thing and move on to more serious issues. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) for 5 minutes. 
14 days, America will hit the limit for our national debt; but rather than working with Congress to address the causes of our debt, President Obama is demanding we dump more debt on our kids and grandkids. 
from Senator Obama. Here is a photo of Senator Obama speaking on the Senate floor, and here is what he said on our national debt on the Senate floor on March 16, 2006: 
debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. It is a sign that the U.S. Government can’t pay its own bills. It is a sign that we now depend on ongoing financial assistance from foreign countries to finance our government’s reckless fiscal policies. 
debt has increased by $3.5 trillion to $8.6 trillion. That is ‘trillion’ with a ‘T.’ That is money that we have borrowed from the Social Security trust fund, borrowed from China and Japan, borrowed from American taxpayers. 
hard to understand. Some people may wonder why they matter. Here is why: This year the Federal Government will spend $220 billion on interest.’’ 
The $8.6 trillion that horrified Senator Obama in 2006 has exploded to $18.1 trillion on President Obama’s watch. ‘‘That is ‘trillion’ with a ‘T,’’’ to quote Senator Obama. 
Senator Obama later explained: ‘‘Every dollar we pay in interest is a 
in America’s priorities. Instead, interest payments are a significant tax on all Americans, a debt tax that Washington doesn’t want to talk about.’’ 
that Washington didn’t want to talk about, and now he refuses to talk about his new debt tax. 
Senator Obama closed by saying: ‘‘Increasing America’s debt weakens 
us domestically and internationally. Leadership means that ‘the buck stops here.’ Instead, Washington is shifting the burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our children and grandchildren. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I, therefore, intend to oppose the effort to increase America’s debt limit.’’ 
If Senator Obama thought that a national debt of $8.6 trillion with a T is a ‘‘failure of leadership,’’ what has changed? Why is President Obama okay with a new debt tax of over $20 trillion, trillion with a T? 
Clearly, President Obama has forgotten Senator Obama’s words, but the American people remember. On their behalf and on behalf of all young Americans who will be crushed by this new debt, I ask President Obama to decrease our debt by working with Congress to stop his new debt tax. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
you hear that ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’ has invited Donald Trump to host the show in November? Now, let me get the exact quote from July when Donald Trump launched his ‘‘make America hate again’’ campaign. He said: 
they’re not sending their best . . . They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing us those problems. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.’’ 
people. It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably from the Middle East.’’ 
says is hilarious, intentionally or otherwise, baldfaced racism for political gain isn’t funny. His statements should disqualify him from being able to take the stage in any entertainment venue and speak to the American people as if what he said was no big deal. 
It is not that I don’t get the joke—I 
haven’t been kidnapped by the politically correct police—but when public figures cross certain lines, they should lose their privileges to host TV shows, at least until they have apologized for their unacceptable behavior. To put Donald Trump on the air in America’s living rooms on the signature comedy 
show of one of the most important national networks after saying that Mexicans are rapists, drug dealers, and criminals, that is a corporate blunder too big to be ignored. 
Within a couple of weeks after Trump launched those racist bombs, you dumped Trump. You dumped his TV show on your network. You dumped his pageants and other ventures on NBC and Universal networks like Telemundo. 
derogatory statements by Donald Trump regarding immigrants, NBCUniversal is ending its business relationship with Mr. Trump.’’ 
Trump. Macy’s Department Stores dumped Trump’s clothing line, Serta dumped Trump’s mattresses, chef Jose Andres pulled his new restaurant from a Trump hotel, and Univision dumped a Trump pageant. Even NASCAR and ESPN dumped Trump. Corporate America stepped up to the plate and dumped Trump, and we all applauded. 
Let’s be clear: the goodwill that corporate America earned from dumping Trump didn’t just come from the MexicanAmerican community. No, when Trump says Mexicans are murderers, rapists, and drug dealers, Puerto Rico knows he is talking about us, too, and Colombians and Salvadorans, and pretty much everyone in the Latino community. 
telling us apart; so when we are under attack by a tycoon running for the Republican Presidential nomination, we can’t tell us apart either. We are all family. 
and NBC? Now, 3 months later, have Donald Trump’s words been expunged? Did I miss an apology on one of his almost nightly television appearances? Has he confessed his racist and hateful call to action? 
host may be good for ratings, but it is a bigger deal than a cameo or being a guest on ‘‘The Tonight Show.’’ I am calling you out. 
lesbians were murderers and raping Americans, would he get to host a show? It is every bit as much a fiction and a lie. 
awful things about women individually and collectively. But what if he said most women were criminals? Would the writers be thinking up sketches for Trump if he had slandered an entire gender rather than an entire ethnic group? 
the part of the Constitution that allowed freed slaves, freed African American slaves to be treated fully as American citizens. Yes, Trump thinks we do not need the 14th Amendment to the 
were murderers, rapists, drug dealers? Would you still pitch skits with Donald Trump and some lighthearted banter? 
all walked off the job at ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’? Oh, wait, you don’t have any Latino cast members. 
spending a lot of time on Capitol Hill when they had a merger deal with Time Warner and they wanted support from Members of Congress. Comcast said Latinos were so important to them, and they had plans to do this and that and the other thing to support the Latino and immigrant community. 
through, so you no longer feel the sense of corporate responsibility to the 55 million Latinos that live in the USA? Giving free airtime to people who insult and malign them is now part of your business model? 
I just want to say one last thing to 
producer Lorne Michaels. I wonder if he had said that Canadians were rapists, murderers, and drug dealers, would you be inviting him on SNL? 
Chairman/President/CEO, Comcast Corp, Philadelphia, PA. Mr. STEPHEN B. B URKE , 
Donald Trump as a guest on every news and entertainment program is one thing, but allowing him to host Saturday Night Live is another. It is a level of endorsement that says to America that every hateful and racist thing Donald Trump has said since the moment he launched his campaign is acceptable and no big deal. 
Well, it is a big deal. He said Mexicans are 
rapists, criminals and drugdealers, and to be clear, when he said Mexicans are those things, he was tarring all Latinos and all immigrants. His exact words were, ‘‘They’re sending us not the right people. It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably from the Middle East.’’ 
and clear: ‘‘Due to the recent derogatory statements by Donald Trump regarding immigrants, NBCUniversal is ending its business relationship with Mr. Trump.’’ And NBC said, ‘‘Respect and dignity for all people are cornerstones of our values.’’ 
ESPN were among the others that also acted to dump Trump. 
and comedy bonanza, Lorne Michaels and Saturday Night Live (SNL) are giving the Trump campaign 90 minutes of free network airtime. 
I think I speak for a lot of Americans, especially immigrant Americans and Latino Americans, when I say that if SNL is allowed to proceed, it would be a huge corporate blunder. 
Warner, I and a lot of my Congressional Hispanic Caucus colleagues heard from you 
about your commitment to the Latino community and the level of corporate responsibility you pledged to your diverse audience. I certainly hope that your commitment to ‘‘respect and dignity for all people’’ was not some hollow promise and is in fact a cornerstone of your values. 
Derogatory statements of the nature trumpeted by Trump about any group disqualifies someone from hosting shows on your network. Send a message that racism is not funny and that responsibility to your viewers and the public is more important than ratings. It is a chance for your company—again—to show you are committed to your audience in more ways than just the ad revenues they provide you. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, President Obama is coming to West Virginia today to talk about our State’s and Nation’s drug crisis. What I hope he will also talk about on his visit to our capital city, Charleston, what I hope he will acknowledge, is our State’s jobs crisis. West Virginia has lost good jobs: jobs in our coal mines, jobs in our schools and small businesses, jobs in our small towns and communities throughout southern West Virginia. 
Environmental Protection Agency are forcing coal mines to close. Our coal miners are out of work. Our coal families are facing an uncertain future. We have lost an estimated 43 percent of our coal jobs in just the last 6 years under this administration’s policies. 
Eighteen percent—18 percent—of unemployed people reported using illegal drugs. That is more than twice the number of people who used illegal drugs who were employed. The best antidrug policy is a good jobs policy. 
West Virginia has the highest overdose rate in the country. We also have the highest unemployment rate in the country. Nearly every family in this State has been touched by drug abuse and, tragically, far too many families. There are those who have suffered and actually buried a loved one due to the horrible disease of addiction. 
initiatives to help address the heroin and opioid crisis. He is going to talk about prescriber training. He is going to talk about access to naloxone, a powerful antidote to an overdose. He is going to talk about public education. 
He is going to talk about public education. These are all excellent steps. These are actually things we already are doing in West Virginia. We have 
taken great strides on many fronts, including these in West Virginia, to arrest this problem. 
afraid, do not go far enough to really make a difference and treat those battling addiction. The President needs to propose a strong plan to get people real treatment to address their addictions and become healthy and productive members of society again. 
treatment don’t have anywhere to go. Those suffering from addiction are forced to leave West Virginia to find help, treatment, and their families are falling apart. 
West Virginians hope for a better future, to give them an alternative to destructive lifestyles, we have to get people back to work. 
We are not asking for a handout. We want to do a full day’s work for a full day’s pay. 
Virginia’s coal miners, machinists, healthcare workers, truckers, small business owners, and Main Street. 
win the war on drugs, stop your war on coal. What we need is the Federal Government to get out of the way of West Virginia, and let us get back to work. 
OLSON ). Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, over the past 15 years, we have had thousands of young Americans killed and thousands more maimed and trillions of U.S. taxpayer dollars spent in our failed attempts at nation building in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other parts of the Middle East. 
very expensive lesson, that we cannot run the Middle East. In fact, in some ways, our good intentions have made things worse. 
make money off of an interventionist foreign policy are clamoring for us to get in an even bigger way in bloody Syria. 
Mr. Speaker, the conservative columnist Thomas Sowell wrote recently and said: ‘‘What lessons might we learn from the whole experience of the Iraq War? If nothing else, we should never again imagine that we can engage in ‘nationbuilding’ in the sweeping sense that term acquired in Iraq—least of all building a democratic Arab nation in a region of the world that has never had such a thing in a history that goes 
David Keene, the conservative opinion editor of the Washington Times, wrote: 
stretched beyond any rational meaning. America took on more than we could possibly handle. The result is a generation of young Americans who have never known peace; a decade in which thousands of our best have died or been maimed, with little to show for their sacrifices; our enemies have multiplied; and the national debt has skyrocketed. 
in one of his most famous speeches at the University of Washington in 1961: 
States is neither omnipotent nor omniscient, that we are only 6 percent of the world’s population, that we cannot impose our will on the other 94 percent of mankind, that we cannot right every wrong or reverse each adversity, and that, therefore, there cannot be an American solution to every world problem. 
The only difference now, Mr. Speaker, is that we are 4 percent of the world’s population instead of 6 percent that he mentioned. But I would repeat those words of President Kennedy: ‘‘We cannot right every wrong or reverse every adversity and that, therefore, there cannot be an American solution to every world problem. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
all those who are discerning significant options about leadership here in the people’s House. 
of various designs, meant to be used in service to others. May the pressures that come to bear not obscure honest selfreflection and evaluation of the gifts that each has to bring to the needs of this time in the people’s House. 
their collective responsibility to our Nation and to this assembly so that the American people might look forward to the coming months with hope and a renewed respect and trust in those whom they have elected. 
May all that is done today and in the 
days to come be for Your greater honor and glory. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
today to recognize the 2015 Rhode Island Walk for Epilepsy, which will take place this Saturday, October 24, at Slater Memorial Park in Pawtucket. 
at some point in their lifetime. Today in the United States, there are 4.3 million adults and 750,000 children who are living with epilepsy or a seizure disorder. 
and it is critical that we do more to support research that will help develop new forms of treatment for those suffering from this disease. 
to everyone who has been involved in planning this year’s Rhode Island Walk for Epilepsy. I want to especially recognize one of my constituents, Robbie Thorp, whom I had the opportunity to meet with in April of this year when he was selected to serve as Rhode Island’s ambassador for the Kids Speak Up conference in Washington, D.C. 
who has already demonstrated himself to be a strong advocate for epilepsy awareness in Rhode Island. 
successful event to him and everyone taking part in this Saturday’s Rhode Island Walk for Epilepsy. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in memory of my good friend, Garland Denny, a true and dedicated 
of 84. During the Korean war, Mr. Denny served our country aboard the USS Franklin D. Roosevelt. 
Following a long and successful career as a structural steel draftsman, Mr. Denny spent his retirement advocating for a special postage stamp to raise money for veterans’ services. 
of the House and Senate joined me this summer in writing the U.S. Postmaster General urging the creation of a Stamp Out PTSD semipostal stamp to help raise money for PTSD research and treatment. 
goal of helping veterans and overcoming the bureaucracy standing in the way. Mr. Denny reminds us that one committed American can make a big difference. 
joined me today in the House Chamber and intend to carry on their father’s mission. May God bless you both and your sister, Sue. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, as Republicans bicker behind closed doors, the deadline to raise the debt limit draws closer and closer. 
rates will skyrocket, the dollar will plummet, and the stock market could collapse. That is unacceptable. It is time to bring this manufactured crisis to an end. 
Republican leadership does manage to pass a lastminute extension, the mere threat of a default will inflict real damage on the American economy. Economists tell us that the 2011 debt limit standoff cost American jobs and contributed to the downgrade of the U.S. credit rating, and we are repeating the same mistake today. 
fragile economic recovery isn’t our budget deficit; it is the leadership deficit that exists within the Republican Party. Unfortunately, for conservative Republicans, irresponsibility has become a badge of honor and recklessness a source of pride. 
want leadership instead of brinksmanship. They want cooperation and compromise instead of deadlock and dysfunction. Let’s raise the debt ceiling and move on to the critical work of building a stronger and more prosperous Nation. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
national debt now stands at more than $18 trillion. If current law remains unchanged, the CBO projects Federal debt can exceed $50 trillion in our lifetime. This cannot be sustained. 
Debt Management and Fiscal Responsibility Act. This bill provides early and cleareyed assessment of the debt well before even reaching the statutory debt limit. 
Under this bill, the Treasury Secretary would report on three items: first, the national debt and debt protection; second, debt reduction proposals; and, third, regular progress reports to Congress on debt reduction. 
All of this information would be made readily available to the public. 
The national debt is a shared responsibility, and it will take a shared executive legislative approach to reduce it. We can no longer afford to put $18 trillion on autopilot. Let’s deal with it headon and find a responsible measure to retire the debt before it is too late. 
week, the Social Security Administration announced that there would be no 
cost of living adjustment to Social Security benefits next year. 
York worried. The price of food, housing, and health care have increased. Without a corresponding increase in benefits, seniors will be asked to do more with less. 
of living adjustments is not properly reflecting the senior economy. Seniors spend more on housing, food, and medical care and less on travel and education. That is why I support legislation to adopt a new formula, called the Consumer Price Index for the Elderly, that would give weight to price increases in housing and medical care and more accurately reflect the costs incurred by seniors. 
60 million Americans will be effectively reduced. That would be bad for our economy and worse for the vulnerable Americans that we are here to protect. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, despite the destruction of the thousandyear rain event flooding, it was a testament to the people of South Carolina working together. Led by Governor Nikki Haley and Adjutant General Bob Livingston, our State is a model for disaster response. 
I am grateful for our State Emergency Management Division, led by Director Kim Stenson, for over 1,500 successful rescue missions and to all of our first responders for the countless rescues. 
and the South Carolina Department of Transportation for their tireless work. During the flooding, over 500 roads and bridges were closed. I know firsthand, 
as the road I live on was washed out, the location of our family home for the last six generations, which was named by my grandmother. 
from across the Nation. The Salvation Army, led by Major Roger Coulson, has provided over 50,000 meals to displaced persons in the flooding. The Red Cross, inspired by national president Gale McGovern’s visit, has operated 26 shelters. 
people of South Carolina spontaneously coming together as family and neighbors before turning to government. 
and the President by his actions must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, even 
some of my Republican colleagues acknowledge that there is chaos in their conference and that chaos has consequences. Governing from one manufactured crisis to another, we have piled up a whole series of mustact deadlines. 
will default unless Congress acts. Once again, Republicans are jeopardizing the full faith and credit of the United 
deadlines that we face in this calendar of chaos. In just weeks, we have got to pass another budget or face another GOPengineered shutdown. 
bill. Hopefully, it is not another short term patch but something that actually gets Americans working and rebuilds our infrastructure. 
sits idle. Fortunately, a handful of courageous Republicans joined all Democrats, and next week, hopefully, we will be able to get that moving again. It shouldn’t take that kind of an extraordinary measure. We ought to be able to do it through the normal course of legislation. 
This chaos is out of hand. Hardworking Americans go to work 
every day. We need to do our job in Congress, and that is to do the business of the American people. Mr. Speaker, we have long passed time. We need to get to work. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
House this week will vote on H.R. 10, the SOAR Reauthorization Act, known as the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act. This will authorize the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program for an additional 5 years. 
At the core of this scholarship program is a simple premise that every American child deserves the opportunity to receive a great education. No child should be forced to attend low performing public schools when alternatives for parents and their children are available right around the corner. 
the ladder of success in this Nation, and this bill takes a positive step forward in giving parents the ability to provide more opportunities and choices to pave the way to a better future for their children. 
responsible measure, and I thank Speaker BOEHNER for bringing this legislation to our floor. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to bring responsible budgeting to our Nation’s Capitol. First of all, this means funding the government every year without a shutdown, but also it means balancing the budget. 
have been consumed by fights over deficit reduction and budget priorities. We have gone from crisis to crisis, never coming up with a longterm plan. After the crisis is over, nothing happens. 
budget amendment that would add discipline to the budget process and require the government to spend within its means. Balanced budget proposals are not new. But unlike most proposals, my amendment protects Social Security, enables longterm capital investments, and ensures that we can respond to emergencies. 
law requires the State to have a balanced budget. As Delaware Secretary of Finance, I helped make that happen. We should hold the Federal Government to the same standard. 
If the United States is going to continue to be the strongest economy in the world, we need to address our budget deficits now. I urge my colleagues to bring order and responsibility to our budget process by passing my amendment. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
is National Dyslexia Awareness Month. This is something that is very close to my family. My wife and I watched our daughter struggle to learn to read. She dreaded reading aloud in class, and worrying what her classmates thought affected her selfesteem. 
able to catch up and surpass many of her classmates. Over time, she discovered her strengths in math and science, which helped her increase her confidence. 
found out she actually has dyslexia. This diagnosis has helped her understand how her brain works and realize that her difference gives her some advantages. 
she has worked to overcome these challenges and not let them get in the way of her success. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we bring awareness to dyslexia and educate our communities about the impact on families. 
rise to recognize the importance of the forest products industry as we celebrate National Forest Products Week. 
we have a rich tradition of supporting working forests and recognizing the ways in which our forests contribute to our State’s economic livelihood and the vitality of our rural communities. 
over 7,000 Granite Staters. These men and women proudly continue our State’s legacy of responsible forest stewardship. From timber production to biomass energy, our forests provide a wide range of sustainably sourced products that citizens and businesses rely on throughout our country. 
power plants and wood pellet manufacturing facilities that are important job creators in the renewable energy sector, and I am proud to serve as cochair of the bipartisan Congressional Biomass Caucus. 
the economic and environmental contributions to our Nation’s forests, we must rededicate ourselves to preserving these treasured lands for future generations to come. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
this is absolutely nuts. Yesterday the House and the Senate sent the President the National Defense Authorization bill requesting his signature, which he has now threatened to veto. 
I was an Air Force pilot for 14 years, 
and I sit on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. I understand how critical it is that our military be prepared; and to be prepared, they have to be adequately funded. 
don’t provide authorization for funding for our troops. It means we cut our military readiness. It means we can’t continue our fight against ISIS. It cuts such critical programs that protect us as our missile defense program. I just simply don’t understand it. 
The President doesn’t have any specific objections to this bill. It funds to the exact level that he has requested. By doing this, the President has ignored the primary responsibility that the Federal Government has to defend and protect the United States. 
in that responsibility. I hope he will sign this critically important bill. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
marks 3 weeks since the mass shooting at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg that cost nine innocent Americans their lives. As that tragedy fades from the headlines, the daily tragedy of gun violence in America drums on. 
Hamilton was shot to death by her godmother’s son while watching TV. She was 19 and dreamed of becoming a lawyer. 
old boy named Eian Santiago was shot to death by his 6yearold brother. They were playing cops and robbers. 
officer Randolph Holder succumbed to a gunshot wound in the head. He was responding to gun violence in East Harlem. 
In the last 96 hours alone, 91 Americans have lost their lives to gun violence. That is nearly 1 person killed by guns every hour in the United States. 
take action. They expect us to stand up to those who fight to prevent us from taking action; yet, hour by hour goes by in this Congress without hearings, without debate, and without action. 
and the week after that and the week after that. Gun violence won’t stop until this Congress takes action, and neither will I. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, our mental health system is abusive and neglectful to those with a serious mental illness. Worse yet, these policies disproportionately impact minorities and the poor. African Americans are 50 percent less likely to receive psychiatric treatment. Outpatient mental health spending for African Americans is 40 percent lower. 
mental health professionals, only 3 percent of psychiatrists and 2 percent of psychologists are African American. The rate is similar for Latino mental health professionals and worse for Native Americans. 
and have a serious mental illness, you are more likely to end up in prison, where 80 percent of inmates don’t receive any treatment. 
makes it harder for you to access inpatient mental health treatment, won’t let you see two doctors on the same day, and says, you can’t take the medications your doctor prescribed. 
Stop this discrimination. I ask Members to cosponsor and pass the Helping Families of Mental Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646. People with serious mental illness can and do get better with help, 
but where there is no help, there is no hope. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
to get real about gun violence in America. As the entrusted voices for millions of Americans, we have a responsibility to address gun violence. In our schools, in our movie theaters, and even in our churches the threat is ever present. 
went on the campus of a community college in Roseburg, Oregon, and opened fire, taking nine lives and injuring seven. My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends as they mourn. 
Randleman, North Carolina, was among those injured while rushing into the crossfire in an effort to defuse the situation. I am honored by his bravery, and I wish him a speedy and full recovery. 
From Newtown to Blacksburg, to Aurora, to Charleston, these senseless shootings are becoming far too common. It is not just mass shootings that are bothersome because every day 88 people die because of gun violence. That is more than 30,000 Americans killed every year. 
we say that now is the right time to pass commonsense legislation to keep guns out of the wrong hands? We can make a difference. We must, but we must take action now. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today I rise in support of our children and salute the medical researchers and the pediatricians who are seeking to find cures for debilitating and preventable childhood diseases. 
in helping end many of these childhood and maternal deaths. That is why we have included specific provisions in 21st Century Cures for children. 
an example: polio. In 1988, the World Health Organization had a resolution to support the worldwide eradication of polio. Through the work of American researchers, private citizens, and Rotarians, polio vaccines have nearly eradicated this scourge worldwide. 
rise to recognize National Forest Products Week and to acknowledge what an important role our forests play in all of our daily lives. 
home to hundreds of thousands of acres of public and private forest lands. The Apalachicola National Forest alone is nearly 1,000 square miles. 
work day with the Nature Conservancy in the Apalachicola Forest to learn how responsible management can boost the economic and environmental value of forestland. 
make such an important contribution to our country’s economy and our environment. We depend on wood for the structure of our homes, the paper we write on, and a million different things in between, but most significantly for the oxygen we breathe. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
also rise today in recognition of National Forest Products Week and the men and women across our country that work in this crucial industry. Forest products have been an integral part of the North American economy even before our States were united. 
built ships and were the main source of fuel. Through our industrialization, forest products became the foundation of our vast rail system and the media that fills our great libraries. Today so much of everything we get is shipped and contained in forest products. Forest products have always been the backbone of housing, a critical sector of our economy. 
and sequester carbon. We have been prolific in perfecting our conversion technologies, developing new products, and growing more timber. In fact, we have more trees today in America than in 1900. 
economy strong, we need to develop more markets at home and abroad for our forest products, and we need to commit more research to find costeffective ways to utilize our woody biomass, a vast, renewable, carbonneutral fuel source. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
month all of us know that we are addressing the issue of breast cancer and cancer generally. I will proudly wear this label today for the number of people around our country and around the world that are suffering from cancer. 
Southeastern University with experts in genomics and studying this issue. I learned from them that only 8 percent of grants are made from the National Institutes of Health. That is an incredible resource for all of us, and we need to be about the business of increasing the National Institutes of Health’s opportunities to go forward on breast cancer. 
morning, Mr. Speaker, deals with airport workers, specifically in Fort Lauderdale and elsewhere. They are fighting for $15 an hour. These are the people that clean up the toilets at the airport in Broward County. They are the people who carry the people on the airplane with wheelchairs. We can at least afford $15 an hour for them. 
(Mr. TROTT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to highlight the potentially grave situation facing our Nation’s security this week. 
Despite the National Defense Authorization Act garnering widespread bipartisan support in both Houses of Congress, President Obama has inexplicably threatened to veto it. Our soldiers and their families deserve better than an administration that plays politics with the pay for our troops and puts our national security on the line just to prove a political point. 
President spent the last several months fighting to lift economic sanctions so that Iran’s terrorist army could receive billions in aid, and now he is planning to block funding for America’s military. This is unbelievable. Our soldiers deserve better. Our Nation deserves better. 
from around the globe. We have soldiers fighting in Afghanistan. We have military families bravely continuing with their lives as their loved ones risk their lives for freedom. 
Not only do we need to fully fund our 
troops, but we need to show the world that, when it comes to our defense and national security, the United States stands as one strong, unified body. 
drops the partisan games and stands with our troops. It is time he signs the bill. WE ARE THE GREATEST NATION 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
compelled to take this opportunity to remind us how great we are as a country, but also to remind ourselves that we are as great as we are as individuals collectively that make our country so great, a country where anyone can practice whatever faith they choose to practice. 
whatever part of the world and start anew and perhaps reach heights that you could never dream of in other places. We still are the greatest nation on the planet. 
because far too often I see, almost everywhere I turn, where people want to leave this country. They talk about how we are not great and how we need to get back to greatness. 
think it is really important for us to understand, as Members of Congress, that our responsibility is to guide this country and to legislate and to make decisions, but to always keep in mind those fundamental responsibilities that we have held true for so many hundreds of years in this country and that we are blessed to be the greatest nation on the planet. The only way that we can do that is if we take our personal responsibilities to heart and exercise that every single day. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today on Support Your Local Chamber of Commerce Day. 
Livingston Parish is one of the fastest growing parishes in the State of Louisiana, and the chamber of commerce appropriately—with the extraordinary growth of this parish, we have had a growth in the businesses, the momandpop businesses, and the large industrial businesses as well. Appropriately, the Livingston Parish Chamber of Commerce was recognized for the Louisiana State Chamber of the Year Award for the midsize category by the Louisiana Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives. 
rapid rates, you have huge swells in population. You have all sorts of demands on infrastructure, but you have demands on the growth of the businesses as well. Particularly, the Livingston Parish Chamber of Commerce was recognized in the areas of business resource and representation, community alignment, organizational excellence, and professional development. 
Oaks Health System, Rouses Markets, Big Mike’s Sports Bar and Grill, and Ferrara Fire Apparatus are all businesses that are members of the Chamber of Commerce. 
that are members of the Livingston Parish Chamber of Commerce, to Wayne, April, and all the folks in Livingston Parish. 
SIMPSON ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OF H.R. 10, SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 692, DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 480 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 480 provides for consideration of H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, and H.R. 692, the Default Prevention Act. 
These bills are important steps forward on two issues of great importance to Americans: education and fiscal issues. 
H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, also known as the SOAR Reauthorization Act, would continue important funding provided to help young students here in Washington, D.C., 
reach their full potential. This legislation would provide $60 million annually for 5 years, split equally among the District’s public schools, charter schools, and the District of Columbia Opportunity Scholarship Program, which enables lowincome students to attend a private school that would otherwise be out of their reach. 
been made in order for consideration, one by a Republican and another by a Democrat. 
SOAR Reauthorization Act is a positive step for students in the District of Columbia and that, through its example, it will provide a model for success that could be adopted by States across the country. 
The rule also provides for consideration of H.R. 692, the Default Prevention Act. As my colleagues are all aware, the Treasury Department has asserted that its ability to use extraordinary measures to avoid reaching the statutory debt limit will be exhausted in coming days, possibly by November 3. 
step to take default off the table, should extraordinary measures be exhausted, providing certainty to financial markets and hardworking Americans that we will pay our debts and meet our obligations. 
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue debt obligations necessary to continue making principal and interest payments on our debt, and would also ensure continued access to the funds in the Social Security trust fund necessary to pay Social Security benefits in full. 
sense that we permanently close out the possibility of default and give seniors and other Social Security beneficiaries confidence that they will continue to receive the funds they rely on. 
credit of the United States and ensure that our credit ratings and economy are not impacted by policy battles here in Congress over future spending policies. 
and both of the underlying bills to my colleagues for their support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for yielding the customary 30 minutes to me for debate. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this rule, which provides for consideration of both H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, and H.R. 692, the Default Prevention Act. Once again, we are playing grab bag rules, and I maintain that that is not the process of regular order. 
members of the minority on the committee, happens quite often, I find myself in the same position: frustrated with my friends, the House Republicans’, complete disregard for regular order; their use of one rule to consider multiple unrelated pieces of legislation; and, most significantly, disillusioned that, in a time when so much can and must be done for the American people, we continue to spend precious time with partisan, deadonarrival measures. 
H.R. 10 would reauthorize the Opportunity Scholarship Program through the years 2021. OSP is the only federally created and funded elementary and secondary private school voucher program in the United States. 
came forward and spoke, as is his responsibility. And I would just ask him, do they have the same program in Beaver, Utah, or Centerville, Utah, or Altamont? 
I come from Altamonte Springs, Florida. They spell it without the E. But they don’t have this voucher program that they are trying to foist on the District of Columbia. 
based scholarships to children in the District of Columbia to attend a participating private school of their choice, was created in 2004 and last reauthorized in 2011. 
that the current school voucher program is authorized through September 2016. That is almost a full year from now. Given the numerous pressing and timesensitive matters facing this body, I can’t help but feel bewildered as to why we are rushing to reauthorize D.C. school vouchers, yet we continue to ignore our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure, income inequality, the need for jobs, immigration reform, the need for sensible gun control in the wake of mass shootings and countless other deaths at the instance of guns, particularly children, and our lack of a long term budget. I continue to await a straight answer from my Republican colleagues and hope that we can get this question answered before today’s debate concludes. 
clear. The members of the Washington, D.C. City Council have said that they do not want the D.C. voucher program to be reauthorized. 
House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the majority of the members of the D.C. Council expressed their belief that ‘‘Federal funds should be invested in the existing public education system—both public schools and public charter schools— rather than being diverted to private schools.’’ 
on vouchers, saying that ‘‘the evidence is clear that the use of vouchers has had no statistically significant impact 
on overall student achievement in math or reading, or for students from schools in need of improvement.’’ 
what I can only describe as ‘‘typical Republican fashion,’’ this body is going full steam ahead in its efforts to impose its political will regardless. 
I remind those here today and watching at home that Washington, D.C., is a Federal district. Congress maintains the power to overturn laws approved by the D.C. Council, can vote to impose laws on D.C., and gets final approval of the D.C. Council’s budget. 
House of Representatives, my very good friend and a mentor to all of us not only on this issue, but countless others, Ms. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON , 
who has served in this body for 24 years, is not permitted to vote on final passage of any legislation, let alone legislation directly intended to govern the jurisdiction which she was elected to serve. 
consider the wishes of the representatives of Washington, D.C., and the nearly 660,000 residents of the District who are taxpayers without representation. But, as we see today, that simply isn’t the case. 
Mr. Speaker, the underlying legislation would make significant changes to the way in which the program is evaluated, and that is a problem. 
In 2012, The Washington Post published an article titled ‘‘Quality Controls Lacking for D.C. Schools Accepting Federal Vouchers.’’ The piece examined some of the schools receiving vouchers. 
Among them were ‘‘a nondenominational Christian school’’ that ‘‘occupies a sootstained storefront between a halal meat shop and an evening wear boutique.’’ The school consists of two classrooms, and ‘‘students travel nearly 2 miles down Georgia Avenue to the city’s Emery Recreation Center’’ for gym class. 
model known as ‘Suggestopedia,’ a philosophy of learning developed by a Bulgarian psychotherapist Georgi Lozanov that stresses learning through music, stretching, and meditation.’’ 
K–8 school supported by the Nation of Islam,’’ which ‘‘occupies the second floor of a former residence east of the Anacostia River.’’ The classrooms are described as being former bedrooms, and the only bathroom in the school was described as having ‘‘a floor blackened with dirt and a sink coated in grime. The bathtub was filled with paint cans and cleaning supplies concealed by a curtain.’’ 
just a few miles away from this Chamber, I would like to think we would want more evaluations on these schools, not less. 
bill that plans for the unprecedented default on the full faith and credit of 
the United States, this measure is a debt prioritization bill and one that elevates the payments of debts to bondholders, including Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, and China, and they would be paid over the obligations to America’s troops, veterans, seniors, and students, as well as Medicare recipients. 
Ways and Means Committee astutely put it: ‘‘Under this legislation, the effect would be to pay China’’—and Japan and others—‘‘first, and some Americans not at all.’’ 
Indeed, the debt limit standoff and government shutdown of 2013 cost an estimated 120,000 jobs and disrupted public and private credit markets so profoundly that the total estimated borrowing costs for the Federal Government, businesses, and homeowners during that crisis totaled approximately $70 million. Defaulting on our debt is simply not an option, and H.R. 629 is, as Treasury Secretary Jack Lew put it, ‘‘default by another name.’’ 
to be about the business of honoring our obligations. The last time we went down this road our debt rating was lowered, and I suggest it may happen again. 
minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ). 
educators. My father taught me in fifth grade. My brother and sister are both teachers. My wife is a teacher. One of my sons recently spent 2 years doing Teach for America in an innercity school before he started graduate school. 
was teaching, we would hear stories and personal experiences of children who desperately needed help to get the education that they needed so they had any chance, any hope, of being successful in life. 
six children. I understand in a deeply personal way how important it is that we teach our children and educate our children. 
1609, where literally for the first time in the history of the world we made a commitment that we would educate all of our children, that every village, every town, every community would educate all of our children. That is what the SOAR program is about: giving all of our children the opportunity to succeed. 
what it has accomplished. Since 2004, more than 6,000 children have had the opportunity to attend a private school of their choice. This has changed the trajectory of their lives. More than 90 
high school, compared with 58 percent throughout the rest of Washington, D.C. Eightyeight percent of them go on to a 2 or a 4year university. Eightyfive percent of their parents express satisfaction with this program. 
take that away? How could you not support this program? How could you not want to give these children the opportunity to succeed? Why in the world would you put the interests of unions and teachers above the interests of these children who desperately need our help? 
this rule and to support the underlying legislation. Give these kids an opportunity to succeed. That is all we are asking for. 
the Chair be kind enough to tell me how much time remains for both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida has 20 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 25 minutes remaining. 
from Utah who spoke of his family’s background and education. 
deceased, taught school for 35 years, first and second grade. My son, who has his Ph.D., as my friend’s son is about the business of getting his graduate degree, worked in education, taught sixth grade for a number of years, and then recruited schoolteachers for Palm Beach County and Broward County in Florida. 
want to educate every child, and the gentleman referenced a period in 1609 when we certainly were not educating every child. I went to school for the first time in 1941 to a school that was built by Julius Rosenwald, and I recommend a documentary that is in the movies throughout the country now. Mr. Rosenwald, at the insistence of Booker T. Washington, built schools for Black children, 642 of them, in the South, where there were none. 
My mother didn’t have an opportunity to go to that school. Other people in my town never had an opportunity to get an education, and you come here and you talk about why would we not want this education. 
If it is so good, then why isn’t it everywhere? And why are you picking on the District of Columbia? Perhaps someone who knows that very well will be able to tell us more than myself with my passion. 
yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ), my very good 
friend, a member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
from Florida for yielding and for his passion for our children. 
gentleman who wants to know why would we want to take away vouchers 
from these children is that we don’t want to take vouchers away from these children. We want those who are currently in the program to maintain their voucher until they graduate. 
both sides about voting for $100 million for a private school voucher program for a District that didn’t ask for it while the Republican majority has pending a $2 billion cut for K–12 education for kids in their own districts. 
The irony is that, when Newt Gingrich was Speaker, he first proposed private school vouchers, but as conservative as he was, he worked with me on a home rule public charter school alternative. The D.C. Council had voted 
for charter schools, but there were only two or three fledgling schools and charters weren’t going anywhere. 
public charter schools in the District, and the reason is that, with my support, Speaker Gingrich placed H.R. 3019 in the 1995–1996 omnibus legislation establishing the D.C. public charter school board. 
to publicly accountable charter schools, and most of these schools have long waiting lists. That, my friend, is what choice looks like. 
Another speaker has now stepped forward with a private school voucher program to be authorized for the third time today, although the evaluation that Congress mandated definitively shows that the program failed to meet its stated goal to help children improve. 
reading scores for the children from lowincome neighborhoods in this program, and that was the reason for the bill in the first place. 
compromise, and the President supports it. All of the students in the current voucher program would remain until graduation, but no new students would be funded. That would mean years of private school vouchers, but only in the District of Columbia, because this Congress has just voted down similar private school vouchers for the Nation. 
what compromise looks like: first, phenomenal growth of public charter schools, which are supported by both Congressional Republicans and Democrats; second, allowing all current students to remain in private voucher schools until graduation. If more compromises like this were on the floor, the majority would not be divided into multiple factions that have nothing to show for years of leadership. 
for yielding. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, it is a big 
surprise to see a member of the minority opposing the provision of additional education funding to lowincome students. 
some members of the D.C. Council oppose H.R. 10. I would like to bring it to the attention of the House that D.C. Councilwoman Anita Bonds has asked that her name be removed from that letter, saying: ‘‘I am hopeful that many more of our neediest families have the opportunity to take advantage of the program.’’ She knows that students in public, charter, and private schools all benefit equally from this legislation, and I welcome her support. 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I want to thank the Rules Committee for reporting H.R. 692 to the floor. 
than $18 trillion of debt, nearly a $7.5 trillion run up by this administration alone. The interest on that debt is one of the fastest growing components of the Federal budget. If there is ever any doubt over the security and reliability of the debt owed by this government, the interest rates that lenders charge us would quickly rise and overwhelm us. 
raise the debt limit, and, of course, we realize in this era of chronic deficit spending—establishing new records under this administration—that we have to do so. Congress alone has the power to incur debt, and the debt limit is the method by which we discharge our responsibility; but when we do so, it is also Congress’ responsibility to review and revise the policies that are driving that debt. 
Democratic and Republican Congresses is that this process is fraught with controversy. The bigger the debt, the bigger the controversy; and the bigger the controversy, the more likely that credit markets are to demand higher interest payments to meet their greater risk. Given the size of our debt, that could produce an interest tidal wave that could sink our budget and our Nation along with it. 
provides that, if the debt limit is reached, the Treasury Secretary may continue to borrow above that limit for the sole purpose of paying principal and interest that is due. It is an absolute guarantee that the debt of the United States will be honored. 
guarantee payment of their debts. In fact, a few years ago, Ben Bernanke praised these State provisions for maintaining confidence in their bonds. It amazes me that we can’t all agree on this simple principle: that we should guarantee the loans made to the Federal Government. That is all this bill does. 
the other side, and they basically make two charges. One is that this pays foreign governments first while shorting our troops. We just heard that from the gentleman from Florida. Well, what xenophobic nonsense. The fact is most of our debt is held by Americans— often, in pension funds—so it protects Americans far more than foreign governments. 
the Nation’s credit that makes it possible to meet all of our other obligations. When you are living off your credit card, as our Nation is at the moment, you had better make your minimum payment first or you won’t be able to pay all of your other bills. 
In the veto threat, the President leveled the other charges we heard from the gentleman from Florida, that it is just an excuse for not paying our other bills. Well, do they actually believe that these other States that have guaranteed their sovereign debts for generations have ever used these guarantees as an excuse not to pay their other bills? On the contrary, by providing clear and unambiguous mandates to protect their credit first, they actually support and maintain their ability to pay for all of their other obligations. 
payment on any of our obligations would be unprecedented and dangerous. There is one thing, though, that could do even more damage than delaying payment on our other bills, and that is the mere threat of a default on our sovereign debt. This measure takes that threat off the table, and it ensures credit markets that their investments in the United States are as certain as anything can be in life. 
Obama vigorously and forcefully opposed a debt limit sought by the Bush administration. He said it was a failure of leadership. Well, I have never equated Senator Obama’s opposition to the debt limit increase as anything other than a principled and wellplaced concern over the proper management of our finances. It is sad that he cannot give the opposition the same courtesy. 
the appropriate role of Congress in adjusting the debt limit, but at least can’t we all agree that during these disputes the sovereign debt of the United States is never in doubt? That is all that this bill says; that is all that this bill does. Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this rule and proceed with consideration of the bill. 
California referred to my comments as ‘‘xenophobic nonsense.’’ I firmly disagree. It kind of gives xenophobia a new meaning. I merely pointed out that a large portion of our debt is held by other countries and that the legislation that he supports proposes to pay them before 80 million obligations that the Treasury Department has. Mr. Speaker, Congress has only 8 legislative days left to protect the full faith and credit of the United States. If we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule and bring up legislation that would allow—and I would ask the gentleman from California if he would support this—a clean extension of the debt ceiling. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) 
to discuss our proposal. My friend from Vermont is a distinguished gentleman and a former Member of the Rules Committee. 
the debt ceiling has absolutely nothing to do at all with increasing government spending. It only has to do with whether America will pay its bills for obligations already incurred. 
way, are for expenditures that I vigorously opposed: trillions of dollars on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, unpaid for, and trillions of dollars in tax cuts for the very wealthy that are unpaid for. 
good times and bad, through Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents, in Republicanled and Democraticled Congresses, has always paid its bills—always. We have done it for two reasons. 
First, it is the right thing to do. A 
promise made is a promise kept. An obligation incurred is an obligation honored. Mr. Speaker, a confident nation keeps its word. A confident nation pays its bills, not some of them. It pays all of them. 
stiffing them, picking and choosing whom to pay among them is as fiscally reckless as it is dishonorable. This new theory that America can actually consider it feasible as an option to default is extremely dangerous and very costly. 
was first seriously considered and we came on the brink of default, it cost U.S. taxpayers $19 billion in unnecessary interest charges. That is $19 billion that could have been used to fix our highways or invest in scientific research, or it is $19 billion that your side might have preferred for tax cuts, or we could have split it. But that would have been half for tax cuts and half for investment. Yet we squandered that at the expense of the American taxpayer. 
The use of the debt ceiling as a tactic 
to get your way on another issue is playing financial Russian roulette with 
America’s credibility, with the well being of the American taxpayer and the full faith and credit of the United States of America to meet all its obligations. We have maintained that bond with ourselves and our creditors for over 200 years, and this bill asks us to abandon it now. 
How can it be that the party of Ronald Reagan can propose this legislation? It was Ronald Reagan who said that denigration of the full faith and credit of the United States would have substantial effects on the domestic financial markets and the value of the dollar. He is right. 
Means Committee said that just refusing to vote for the debt ceiling, I don’t think that is a strategy. 
it have to be raised? Yes. Reagan was right then, and PAUL RYAN is right 
something that the proponents of this legislation would prefer to keep in the dark. The entire reason the debt ceiling must be raised now is to accommodate the budget that they passed over my strong objection on March 25, 2015. The Price budget, supported by 228 Republicans and opposed by 182 Democrats, projected an increase of our debt limit of nearly $2 trillion. Today that bill has become due, and the folks who supported that budget are running for the hills on acting on the debt ceiling that is required to accommodate the budget that they passed. 
Mr. Speaker, this House now, as a result of the will of the American people, is led by a Republican majority. It is a majority that we in the minority have an obligation to do our best to work with. However, it is a majority that is raising questions that have never been raised before. 
using debt default and government shutdown as a tactic to get their way on an issue of concern to some of them. I admire Speaker BOEHNER that he put 
the country first and he put the House first in not letting this government be shut down over a real dispute on Planned Parenthood funding. But we have got to get past this, and the Republican majority has to make a decision whether it is going to govern or it is going to empower those who believe that default and shutdown are legitimate tactics to resolve legitimate debates that we have among us. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot now—we cannot ever—default on our obligations and our commitment to the American taxpayer to be fiscally responsible by paying our bills. 
minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ). 
today in support of H.R. 10, but I wanted to clarify some of the debate that has been going on with my friend opposite, the gentleman from Florida. 
raised have been addressed in our Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Specifically, I put forth an amendment that required strong evaluations that would evaluate the scholarship program. Additionally, the committee passed an amendment to ensure not only strong accreditation standards as well, but equally important is the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. I have made a personal commitment to her to work on making sure that we have proper accountability with regard to this scholarship program. None of us wants to be loose with the American taxpayer dollars. 
I want to also stress that this program does not decrease funding for D.C. public schools or charter schools. Indeed it is an addition to that appropriation. But it really comes down this, Mr. Speaker: it is the students that have benefited from this particular program. 
I was part of a hearing that was held 
at Archbishop Carroll High School. When you look into the faces of those students that were given an opportunity with a scholarship to not have to go to the school because of where they live but they got a scholarship to be able to go to a private school, you look into their faces and you hear the stories of just how it has affected their families and given them hope, Mr. Speaker, it is one of those things that I think that we have to find a bipartisan solution to identify the problem areas, perhaps, that need to be addressed, but to also come alongside those parents, both fathers and mothers, who were there in the hearing who were applauding the successes of their children. 
support H.R. 10. I encourage my colleagues opposite to do the same. I am committed to working through some of those issues that they have addressed. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ). 
I am pleased to support this rule because of the underlying bill that is there. 
that education is delegated to the States. So I would be opposing anything this body does on education, except the Constitution also grants Congress the jurisdiction over the District of Columbia. 
success—and this has been a success—a study by the Department of Education concluded that this D.C. Opportunity Scholarship significantly improves students’ chances of graduating from high school. 
teacher. In that time, I saw all sorts of wonder programs being mandated from the Federal level and the State level. The most common expression of all teachers is ‘‘This too shall pass.’’ 
mandated to us was the concept of freedom, allowing teachers to teach their specialties, allowing parents the ability of having a choice on where they sent their kids. Choice is a powerful tool. 
I had a bill that dealt with compulsory attendance. I had a PTA mother that came up to me once and said, ‘‘I hate you and I hate your bill because, when my 17yearold doesn’t want to go to school in the morning, I want to be able to look at him and say, ‘You have to go to school. It is the law.’’’ And I thought: Thanks a lot. That is the exact attitude I want to have from a high school junior in my class when he shows up. 
where they choose not to be, they are unsatisfied jerks. But kids, knowing they had a choice, they would now attend in a positive attitude, even if it was the same school. 
That is what this bill tries to do. We 
trust choice in all sorts of behaviors. We give people choices in food, in our homes, in our energy, and all the necessities of life. So why do we limit freedom and choice in something as important as education? 
Ronald Reagan once said: ‘‘Our leaders must remember that education doesn’t begin with some isolated bureaucrat in Washington. It doesn’t even begin with State or local officials. Education begins in the home, where it’s a parental right and responsibility. Both our public and our private schools exist to aid our families in the instruction of our children, and it’s time some people back in Washington stopped acting as if family wishes were only getting in the way.’’ 
to kids, clearly gets it, and he has been an advocate on their behalf. Kids belong to the parents, not to an educator, not to a legislator, not to a special interest group. 
and individuals, which is why I urge support of this rule that will bring this bill, a good bill, to the floor for us to support as well. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELING HUYSEN ). 
I rise in support of the rule and urge 
specific passage of H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. 
Over 10 years ago Congress took action to give the children of the District a handup through access to a quality education by creating the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship program. I was heavily involved at that time, as a Member of the House Appropriations Committee that oversaw the District’s budget, and our committee provided the initial funds. 
initiative in America where the Federal Government provides lowincome families with funds to send their children where they will have a chance to thrive—private or parochial schools— because, in some cases, some D.C. schools were not providing that opportunity. That is not all schools, but some schools. 
We all know the story of some District of Columbia public schools—low graduation rates, high dropout rates, low math and reading scores—that need to do better. We can all agree that all children in the District deserve a firstclass education and the lifelong benefits that come from that education, whether it be public, private, parochial, or charter. 
The bill before us today will reauthorize the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship program for 5 years. By the way, the program is a huge success. Last year over 3,600 students submitted applications and the program enrolled nearly 1,500 students. 
children have flourished. In 2014, 88 percent of high school graduates who were enrolled in the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship program enrolled in 2 or 4year colleges, a very high mark. 
to the voices of parents, as we did 10 years ago, who want their children to succeed, and we should continue to work to ensure that the program not only survives, but that it grows. 
his years of leadership on behalf of the children of Washington not only in terms of his support for this legislation, but many things he does as a private citizen. 
I urge my colleagues to join in support of the rule and this legislation. 
We should be working together to ensure that all children have the opportunity to receive a quality education and taking action to guarantee that the United States pays all of its bills on time and in full. Neither of these bills accomplish those vitally necessary goals for this great country. 
and defeat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
significant progress on two important issues: addressing our fiscal crisis in a 
wealth this country has built over decades of hard work by the American people. The full faith and credit of the United States is not ours here, as Members of Congress. It is theirs, the American people. We are the reserve currency because individuals across the world look to us for prudent fiscal choices and rocksteady resolve in our principles and integrity. 
There are few debates more contentious in this body than those over spending levels or the leverage points that our system provides to exert control over those levels. 
enable us to continue to fight tooth and nail over the right direction for our country’s finances while giving Americans and financial markets certainty that they can remain confident in the Federal Government meeting its obligations. 
night and have passionate debates in this Chamber over how to address mandatory spending, but we shouldn’t allow retired and disabled Americans to stay up late at night because they fear their Social Security checks won’t arrive. 
The Default Prevention Act is commonsense legislation to remove catastrophe as a possibility by enabling the Secretary of the Treasury to issue debt necessary to make principal and interest payments on the national debt and pay Social Security benefits in full. It is the right first step in beginning a conversation about how to constructively address our immense fiscal challenges. 
we will be unable to provide for other important programs, such as the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, or SOAR Reauthorization Act, which this resolution provides for consideration of as well. 
of our children is one of our highest priorities. For far too long children in Washington, D.C., have not received the education they deserve, but have suffered from unacceptable achievement levels in graduation rates. 
The SOAR Reauthorization Act continues a successful threesector approach to improving the lives and educational outcomes of lowincome students in the District. It provides $60 million in funding for students, split equally among D.C. public schools, charter schools, and scholarships for students to attend private schools that would otherwise be out of reach. 
education have demonstrated higher test scores and significantly higher graduation rates, showcasing the importance of continuing students access to these institutions. 
These programs are an important example of the need for innovation and experimentation in how to best reform our educational system to benefit students, not entrenched interests. 
It has been an honor for me to personally witness some of the students who have benefited from the programs included in the SOAR Reauthorization Act. After seeing the hope for the future these students have in their eyes, I cannot fathom preventing other students from receiving their own second chances. 
underlying bills are positive steps forward on issues of great import to our Nation, and I commend them and this rule providing for their consideration to all of my colleagues for their support. 
speak in opposition to the Rule and the underlying bill H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. 
H.R. 10 would reauthorize the District of Columbia private school voucher program, the Opportunity Scholarship Program (OSP), for five years through 2021. 
first and only federally created or funded elementary and secondary private school voucher program in the United States. 
through fiscal year 2016 in the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act (SOAR Act). 
incomes that do not exceed 185 percent of the poverty line may receive an annual maximum voucher payment per student of $8,000 for grades K–8 and $12,000 for grades 9–12. 
making evaluations of the OSP and requires a less rigorous ‘‘quasiexperimental research design’’ than under the SOAR Act. 
spent on DC voucher schools. That is money that could have been spent on District public schools, which serve all students. 
such as reauthorizing ESEA, or working on job creation, the Majority is pushing its own education priorities on a local jurisdiction through this misguided legislation. 
The voucher program is the latest Republican attack on the District of Columbia’s right to selfgovernment. 
The local District government did not request this reauthorization nor did its only member of Congress, Del. ELEANOR HOLMES  
DC’s gun, marijuana, abortion, needle exchange, and nondiscrimination laws. 
jail time over the city’s marijuana law. Now they want to write education law in DC. 
funds to pay for private school tuition in the District of Columbia, despite overwhelming evidence that the program, first authorized in 2004, has failed to improve student academic achievement, as measured by math and reading scores—including among the students the program was designed to most benefit, those 
efforts to implement private school voucher programs; Republicans continue to use the District of Columbia as a testing ground for their own agenda. 
of DC public school students attend charter schools, and 75 percent of DC public school students attend outofboundary public schools. 
charter schools are publicly accountable and subject to all civil rights laws. 
me in voting against this rule and the underlying bill. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 480 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the 
in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
OF H.R. 1937, NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 481 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the good gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
Tuesday, just yesterday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for House Resolution 481, providing for the consideration of an important piece of legislation—H.R. 1937, the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015. 
This rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 1937 under a structured rule, with five amendments made in order, four of which, I might point out, 
were offered by Democratic Members of this body. Therefore, this rule provides for a balanced, deliberative, and open debate if we focus our remarks on the merits of the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act and don’t go off on unnecessary tangents. 
both House Resolution 481 and the underlying bill, H.R. 1937. I would like to congratulate the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ) for sponsoring this 
legislation, and I would also like to thank the gentleman from Utah, Chairman ROBBISHOP , for his leadership on 
to consider the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act, an important bill that will streamline our country’s mine permitting processes to remove unnecessary and burdensome bureaucratic hurdles, which can delay some mining activities and projects by up to a decade—10 years—which is an outrageous amount of time that is indicative of the problem we seek to address here today. 
Government currently uses to provide for the extraction of rare earth minerals in the U.S. is outdated, unproductive, and, more often than not, hinders our ability to extract these critical resources. This red tape has a devastating impact on communities across the country and in the West, particularly, that rely on the ability to obtain and develop these minerals for economic growth and our Nation’s security. 
of rare earth minerals that are increasingly used to manufacture hightech equipment as well as many other everyday applications and products. Many countries around the world are already working to improve their infrastructure, providing the United States with an exceptional opportunity to play a major role in the growing minerals marketplace by supplying foreign countries and businesses, as well as domestic companies, with the resources necessary to remain competitive in the international economy. However, a lack of communication between local, State, and Federal permitting agencies exists, and it creates a bureaucratic backlog of applications that delays mining activity by approximately, like I said, 7 to 10 years, which, if not addressed, will impede the ability of U.S. mineral companies to increase their share of the global marketplace. 
Mr. Speaker, due to onerous government red tape, the frivolous lawsuits that result, and a burdensome permitting process, goodpaying jobs in the United States mining industry have moved overseas and have put domestic manufacturing jobs at the mercy of our foreign competitors. H.R. 1937 would fix 
our outdated and uncertain bureaucratic permitting system, which negatively impacts investment in our economy by discouraging domestic companies from extracting and developing these critical minerals. 
that we have only begun to scratch the surface of what we can potentially develop from our abundant natural resources, which have played such a critical role in making the U.S. a leading world economy and industrial power. Our Nation has vast energy potential from sources such as coal, oil shale, and natural gas, as well as numerous critical minerals that we should be developing. Yet the development of our domestic minerals resources has been obstructed time and time again under this administration, which, unfortunately, places the political goals of special interests over the welfare and wellbeing of hardworking Americans. 
Government should promote investments in the U.S. and in American companies by creating a regulatory framework that encourages the safe development of domestic resources. If we are going to address the growing mineral trade imbalance—with more U.S. mining jobs moving overseas and higher energy and commodity prices here at home—we must first put a stop to the bureaucratic delays that are at the root of the problem. 
telling Federal agencies to make a decision about whether a project should move forward or not—a simple ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’—and do it in a timely manner. Give people certainty. We have streamlined and improved this process for other domestic industries, and it is now time to do it for our rare earth minerals sector, which is responsible for some of the highest paying middle class jobs across the country. It is illogical and irrational that red tape and delayed permit approvals can lead to 10 years of deliberation over whether or not to approve a mining permit or project. Actually, it borders on insanity. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straightforward rule, allowing for the consideration of an important piece of legislation that will provide the U.S. with a unique opportunity to tap into the growing global marketplace for rare earth minerals by supplying both foreign and domestic companies with the resources they need to remain competitive. 
adoption, and I urge my colleagues to support both the rule and the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the rule and the underlying bill—the socalled Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act. My colleague from Washington mentioned what is not being discussed here today. Again, to be clear, it feels like we are at Groundhog Day here. We have 8 legislative days until we hit the debt limit and default on our Nation’s debt. In 6 legislative days, the Federal transportation authorization will expire. In 22 legislative days, we will be on the brink of yet another government shutdown. To a certain extent, I feel like we are fiddling while Rome burns. Here we are, talking about an issue which, I am sure, deserves its day in the Sun. I will talk about some of the deficiencies in this bill, but we are tackling a recycled bill that in similar form has already passed this body and that doesn’t address any of these urgent deadline items that we are actually facing. 
in Colorado, I don’t hear a lot of my constituents crying out for access to sand and clay. I do hear them saying, ‘‘Don’t default on the national debt.’’ ‘‘Do something about the budget.’’ ‘‘Make sure that we prevent another government shutdown.’’ Yet all of those deadlines are looming while we are fiddling here with other bills that aren’t going anywhere and aren’t becoming law and have already passed this body in similar form. So, for the fourth time in three Congresses, we are going to consider a nearly identical measure that the Republicans have brought to the floor despite the Senate’s unwillingness to pick it up and the President’s opposition. 
Minerals Production Act promotes industry interests over the American people’s health and welfare. The biggest conceptual problem with it is the definition that it gives of ‘‘strategic and critical minerals.’’ The bill not only expands the mining companies’ ability to mine on public lands for minerals like gold and copper, but also materials that one would think, by no stretch of common sense, are rare, like sand and clay. 
from my kids’ sandbox as a mineral of critical development and if we include the gravel from my driveway as a mineral of critical development, I am not sure what we are excluding. I think this applies to almost everything. In fact, I am not even sure how we are even saying the term ‘‘critical and strategic’’ can even apply here when we are talking about sand and gravel and some of the most common natural resources that we have. 
operations to circumvent the important public health and environmental review processes that are required under the National Environmental Policy Act. 
threshold to ensure that we focus on resources and developing resources that are actually critical for our defense or for our economy, this bill expands our definition of ‘‘strategic and critical,’’ effectively making it worthless. By including everything and by saying everything is strategic and critical, you are effectively saying that nothing is strategic and critical. That is what this bill does while we are 8 days from hitting the debt limit, while we are 6 days from expiring on the Federal transportation authorization. 
By the way, I have to talk about how 
these ‘‘days’’ work because we are 8 days from the debt limit and 6 days from the transportation authorization. Those aren’t real days that Americans know. That is because the Republicans always send this Congress on vacation nearly every week. So it might be 6 legislative days. I think it is, actually, 15 or 20 days, but Congress isn’t working for most of those. While these deadlines tick, Members of Congress are actually at home most of the time because the Republican leadership won’t let us work. They won’t let us come here. They are adjourning the session. That is why, when something is 20 days off, we are sounding alarm bells, saying it is 6 days off—because they are only letting us work 6 of those 20 days. I would be happy to show up for the other 14, Mr. Speaker, but you wouldn’t be here to gavel us into session. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
showed up and you were not here to gavel us down into session? 
to try that sometime when we are 2 or 3 days from the expiration of our transportation funding or from defaulting on our national debt. I will be happy to come here to an empty Chamber. 
you and the Republican majority accidentally left the cameras on, and our Democratic whip, STENY HOYER , was on 
the floor, demanding why we couldn’t bring up a bill. Maybe, if I am here and if you are not here, Mr. Speaker, we can get those C–SPAN cameras turned on when we are 2 or 3 days from a deadline so that the American people understand this funny math, where somehow 20 days is only 6 legislative days because you don’t let us work the other 14, when hardworking Americans have to go to work every day to support their families. 
As drafted, it makes the term ‘‘critical and strategic’’ meaningless. The legislation would increase the pollution of our water resources for States dealing with extreme drought conditions and deadly blazes. The last thing we need is to jeopardize our already scarce sources of water. We can’t afford to do any more harm to the quality of our limited water supplies and to risk the jobs that are created across the West 
need for legislation to further promote mining interests at the expense of public health continues to be mystifying. The industry already has free rein to extract mineral resources. Under the antiquated 1872 mining law, Federal land managers are actually barred from denying hard rock mining proposals. The Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service have almost never denied a large mining process. Why exempt them further from all environmental review for sand and gravel, which aren’t even rare elements? 
This bill fails to update the antiquated legal framework. It fails to address the reforms needed. It fails to protect our environment. It doesn’t change the fact that mining companies currently enjoy—guess what, Mr. Speaker. What do you think—a 3 percent royalty rate? What do they pay— a 2 percent royalty rate? Do they pay a 1 percent royalty rate? No. They pay a zero percent royalty rate on Federal land. This bill fails to address that. It doesn’t change the fact that mining companies have left an estimated half a million mines. That is nearly one for every person in my district, Mr. Speaker. Half a million mines all across the country have been abandoned, most of which are in dire need of cleanup or restoration, which this bill fails to address. 
earlier this year that would have addressed many of these ongoing failures in mining accountability, but it hasn’t been brought up before the committee. Instead, legislation like this, the so called Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act, is rocketed to the floor even though it has passed four times in the last three sessions. 
Instead of confronting real challenges facing our economy, facing American families, we continue to line the pockets of the mining industry, which already has one of the fattest profit margins of any, while risking the health of the American people and exploiting our natural resources without adequate return and royalties to the taxpayers, who own our public lands. 
no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The Land and Water Conservation Fund supports the protection of public 
lands and waters, such as natural parks, forests, and recreation areas. 
from my district and nationally have been in to meet with me on this important topic, and I know they have reached out to other Members on the Hill as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act—again, it is hard to say that name with a straight face when they are defining strategic and critical minerals in such a broad way that it involves basically the dirt under our feet, the sand under our feet, the gravel in our drive. When you define something like that and try to mean everything, you wind up meaning nothing. 
Rather than actually doing something to protect minerals that are critical for our defense, for our economy, this bill waters that down by expanding this access to sand and dirt and gravel, maximizing mining companies’ profits at the expense of our health, our water, our land, and our natural resources. 
would damage our economy by placing the use of the mining industry above the many other important economic uses of our public lands. I will give you some examples. How about hunting? angling? hiking? biking? These are the economic drivers in my district, Mr. Speaker. 
review process and large gravel pits and silver mines were put in place with wild abandon, we would lose jobs. We would lose most jobs in Eagle and Summit Counties which relate to the tourism industry. The beautiful, pristine, outdoor public lands that attract visitors from across the country—probably from your district, Mr. Speaker—Vail, Breckenridge, Winter Park, and Rocky Mountain National Park, we would love to have you; but you better come quickly before this bill becomes law, because there won’t be much to see if it does. 
Colorado this summer, expanding mining access was not one of the issues that they brought up. In fact, they asked me to ensure that mining companies are held accountable to greater levels of accountability and transparency. They asked me to develop environmental safeguards to make sure that disasters and tragedies don’t occur and that abandoned mines are cleaned up and that our extraction industry can be done in a thoughtful way, and to make sure it doesn’t destroy jobs by conflicting with other higher and better economic uses of 
aisle support the development of rare earth and critical mineral policy. There is no disagreement about that. I would be happy to work with my colleague, Mr. Speaker, from Washington State and others on putting together a commonsense bill that defines rare earth and critical minerals in a commonsense way. Not the dirt beneath our feet, not the sand in my kid’s sandbox, but in a commonsense way where we look at the needs of industry, our supply, we define it, and we come up with a targeted access plan, including access to our public lands in appropriate ways, that is expedited for national priority items. That is not what this bill does. 
We could work together, Mr. Speaker. And this body needs to work together, not just on this bill, but to avoid defaulting on our national debt, to continue to fund our highways and infrastructure, in fact, to keep government open. We might only have 11 legislative days to try to keep government open. 
actual days for most Americans, Mr. Speaker. As we talked about, you won’t be here, Mr. Speaker. If there is a way that I can be here and advance an agenda of keeping government open, I would be happy to, but I am afraid it requires a Speaker to gavel us in. 
Now, there are bills that seek to balance the challenges of mining with its impact on surrounding communities, but, unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, my colleagues weren’t interested in discussing those. Instead we are discussing a recycled bill for the fourth time that would eliminate environmental review, allow for the unfettered mining of public lands, define critical minerals in such a way that it means the dirt between your toes and the sand in your kid’s sandbox. It would likely not be brought up by the Senate and dead on arrival at the President’s desk. 
American people are not even asking Congress to take up. It takes a simple concept—preserving access to critical resources, which would have strong bipartisan support—and contorts it into a divisive jobdestroying, healthdestroying, commonsensedefying issue that doesn’t appear anywhere on the priority list of struggling families across the country. 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question and to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
a fair rule allowing for balanced, deliberative, and open debate, just as my colleague is asking, as well as numerous amendment opportunities from both parties. 
across the country, which are reeling from the continual impacts of Federal regulation and the bureaucratic permitting process we have in place. 
to lost jobs and wages in the mining industry, ultimately hurting the middle class families that many of these rules and regulations claim they are intended to protect. 
mine permitting process by removing unnecessary and onerous hurdles, which can lead to decadeslong delays for mining activities and projects. The current Federal permitting system for the extraction of rare earth minerals is outdated, unproductive, and often impedes our ability to extract these critical minerals. 
with a myriad of rare earth minerals, but this Federal red tape has had a devastating impact on the mining communities in our country whose livelihoods depend on the ability to obtain and develop these resources. 
Americans with these heavyhanded and poorly considered regulations that more often than not have unintended consequences and serious negative economic impacts. 
around the world are looking to improve their infrastructure, which provides the U.S. with the unique opportunity to tap into this growing global market. Due to strong international demand for rare earth minerals, allowing for greater development of domestic resources also creates a unique opportunity to further American trade relationships and decrease our trade deficit. 
Additionally, by increasing the available supply of these rare earth minerals, manufacturing companies will be able to more efficiently produce their products, which could reduce consumer costs and open the door to greater innovation. Further, our outdated permitting system negatively impacts investment in our economy that hinders our ability to take on this expanded role in the global marketplace for these mineral resources. 
promoting investment in the U.S. by creating a regulatory framework that encourages the safe development of domestic resources. If we want to address the growing minerals trade imbalance, as we see more and more U.S. mining jobs moving overseas and higher energy and commodity prices here at home, then we must fix these delays which are at the root of the problem. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule allows for consideration of an important piece of legislation that will address the burdensome permitting and regulatory hurdles that are harmful to this vital industry. Yet, while this legislation allows for greater utilization of domestic resources, it also maintains important environmental safeguards designed to ensure the health of our constituents 
and ecosystems, striking an important balance that has been absent far too long. 
and I may have a few differences of opinion, I firmly believe this rule and the underlying bill are strong measures that are critically important to our country’s future, both for my State as well as his and many, many others in this country. 
adoption, and I urge my colleague to support House Resolution 481, and the underlying bill. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 481 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the 
opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 245, noes 182, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
OF H.R. 1937, NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on ordering the previous question on the resolution (H. Res. 481) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 184, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 244, noes 185, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
the table. PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RECOMMIT ON H.R. 10, SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT, OR H.R. 692, DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 10 or H.R. 692 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
pursuant to House Resolution 480, I call up the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 480, the bill is considered read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Default Prevention Act’’. 
of this subsection, obligations described in this subsection are obligations which are— 
and interest that is due or accrued of the United States, and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN) and 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 30 minutes. 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 692, the Default Prevention Act, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, if you want to guarantee that the United States will never default, then you should vote for this bill. If you want to protect working families from the consequences of default, then you should vote for this bill. If you want to make sure that seniors get every dime of their Social Security, then vote for this bill. 
the debt limit, but it eliminates the threat of default. The full faith and credit of our country is too important to put at risk. What this bill says is very simple. It says that we will never fail to pay our debts. That is just it. That is all it does. It is just paying our debts. 
We know it would shake the world’s confidence in us. We know that it could freeze up credit across this country. That is why with this bill, we are taking default off the table. It is common sense. 
developing this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to support it. 
remainder of my time to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) and 
ask unanimous consent that she be able to control the time from here on. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
beginning what needs to be said at the end. This doesn’t take default off the table. This is an effort to obscure the reality. It does not take default off in any meaningful way. 
and essentially what this bill does is to address part of the problem but leave the rest of it very much outstanding and very much there. This bill plays with fire. This bill essentially—essentially—attacks the credit of the United States of America. 
In 2011, they played with it, they played with fire, and America was burned. The stock market plunged. The S&P downgraded for the first time in 
history the credit of this country. It lowered private pension balances. It essentially increased the cost of mortgages for people in this country. That wasn’t enough. That in 2013 the Republicans played with fire and shut down the government. We lost 120,000 jobs. We slowed GDP growth, and there was an increase of $70 million in terms of the cost of financing debt. 
What it is about is paying China and other foreign governments first and essentially putting at risk millions of Americans. So I just want to refer to who is at risk here. Who would be subject to default? 
ActiveDuty troops, their pay is at risk; benefits to almost 4 million disabled veterans; payment for health care for 5.9 million veterans; education assistance for over 1 million; and loan support for homes for over 500,000 or 600,000 veterans. And then payments to small businesses would be put at risk, payments to physicians under Medicare, payments to 30 millionplus kids in terms of their meals, and payments to hundreds of thousands of grantees of NIH. 
this is all about. Nine percent of the expenditures of this country are going to be safeguarded, mostly for foreign investors, and 30 percent in terms of Social Security payments. That means 60 percent would be at risk, 60 percent of the 80 to 100 million payments each month. 
are doing is creating, here, a camouflage. But the problem with it is that it is so transparent. It might be as a purpose to try to find a few more votes on the Republican side, but when the camouflage is so obvious, I don’t think it will work. 
The administration has stated its position. That position is very clear, and I want to read from this Statement of Administration Policy. I quote the last paragraph: 
gamesmanship, which caused the Nation’s credit rating to be downgraded in 2011 and proved harmful to both the United States and the global economy. For this reason, if the President is presented with legislation that would result in the Congress’ choosing to default on our obligations and imperil the full faith and credit of the United States, he would veto it. 
why do it? Why not simply face up to the need to address the full faith and credit of the United States? I think the answer is this isn’t policy, this is a ploy, and ploys should not be used putting at risk the full faith and credit of the United States and payments at risk for millions and millions of Americans. 
This is irresponsible. This is indefensible. The only possible reason for passing a bill that can’t go anywhere is maybe to pick up a few votes here. That is irresponsible in terms of the full faith and credit of this beloved country of ours. 
strong opposition to this. When this came up once before, I think every Democrat voted ‘‘no’’—every Democrat. So we are supposed to be kind of in a new era talking about bipartisanship. We are supposed to be, once again, thinking maybe we can act together. Instead, what we have here is a bill by Republicans essentially acting alone. It is a serious mistake. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), the author of the legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill simply guarantees that the sovereign debt of the United States will be paid in full and on time—period. How could that possibly be controversial? Yet in today’s political environment, it is. 
States is what makes it possible for us to pay all of our other obligations in this era of chronic deficit spending that we are now in. This bill provides an absolute guarantee of that credit. 
commands that the public debt of the United States is not to be questioned, it provides no practical mechanism to achieve this aim. This bill provides that mechanism. It says that, whenever we reach the debt limit, the Treasury Secretary can continue to borrow to pay interest and principal on the debt. 
friends on the other side of the aisle support loan guarantees to foreign corporations and to special interest groups, but they are unwilling to guarantee the loans to our own government. 
larger than the entire economy. It has doubled in the last decade. The interest on that debt is the fastest growing component of the Federal budget. It threatens to exceed our entire defense budget in just 8 years. 
If there is ever any doubt over the security and reliability of the debt owed by this government, the rates we pay to service our debt would quickly rise and sink our country in a tidal wave of red ink. 
Now, this is not a substitute for raising the debt limit. We all recognize that in this era of chronic deficit spending under this administration that is going to have to happen. We have a responsibility to raise the debt limit, but we also have a responsibility 
loudly and clearly to the world that, no matter how much we may differ and quarrel here in Washington, the sovereign debt of this Nation is guaranteed and that their loans to it are absolutely safe. 
pay debts owed to foreign governments before paying our own troops. Actually, more than half of our debt is held by Americans, often in American pension funds. China holds just 7 percent. But whether our loans come from China or from Charleston, without the Nation’s credit, we cannot pay our troops or meet all of our other obligations. 
Opponents charge that this is an excuse not to pay our other debts. Well, what nonsense. This maintains the credit that is necessary to pay our other debts. 
sovereign debt will be secure and they have done so for generations. Do our friends actually suggest that any of these States has ever used these guarantees as an excuse not to pay their other bills? On the contrary, by protecting their credit first, they actually support and maintain their ability to pay for all of their other obligations. 
tantamount to a family saying it would make its house payment, but not its car payment. I sure hope he is getting better economic advice than that. 
family is living on its credit cards, as we are as a Nation, it had better make the minimum payment on its credit card first or it won’t be able to pay all the rest of its bills. 
its credit limit because it is not spending within its means, it had better have a serious conversation about what is driving its debt and what to do about it. 
limit is addressed are going to happen from time to time. Just a few years ago thenSenator Barack Obama vigorously opposed an increase in the debt limit sought by the Bush administration. 
they inevitably do in a free society, it is imperative that credit markets are supremely confident that their loans to the United States are secure. 
prevent a future debt crisis and give Congress the calm it needs to negotiate the changes that must be made to bring our debt under control as we authorize still more debt. 
are the same voices that have cheered the most profligate spending and borrowing binge in the history of this Nation. It is time that we managed our affairs responsibly, and guaranteeing our debt is an important step in doing so. Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 
raise the debt limit. Raise it. Get a bill here that raises it. And then this political game will be totally unnecessary. Raise it. Where is the bill? 
colleagues, the last few days in New York people have been asking me: Do you really think PAULRYANis going to 
become Speaker of the House? I said: No. They said: Why? Don’t you believe he is intelligent, smart, dedicated? I said: That is just the problem. I can’t find anyone that I know and like that is more conservative than PAULRYAN. 
Speaker, would be saying to the Republicans: I cannot accept this responsibility unless you respect the integrity of the United States of America. They said: Well, Charlie, what does that mean? I said: Well, PAUL RYAN 
wouldn’t allow us to go into default. PAUL RYAN would support increasing 
the debt ceiling. P AULRYANwould recognize that we need our infrastructure, we need our jobs, we need education. They said: Well, what is the difference with that? I said: If PAULRYANwere to 
get these type of commitments from the Republican Party, Speaker BOEHNER never would have left, M CCARTHY  
going to become law. Why? Because it doesn’t make any sense. 
It is almost like if you were in a corporation—since we are using analogies—and they say: We promise you you are not going to go bankrupt. You say: Well, how are you going to do that, since the only people that you have to pay are those you borrowed money from? Well, what about the cost of manufacturers? What about the salaries of the workers? What about the health benefits? What about the other things that make America great? Well, we didn’t say that we are going to protect you for that. But just for the principal and the interest that you have to pay, you protect it. 
But since it is going to be vetoed, this must mean something to those people that, when you say government, they get angry, when you say Obama, they see red, when you find cooperation with Democrats, they say that you are not faithful to the Republic. 
We don’t see them. They don’t talk this way. But someone that can believe that just paying off debt, foreign and domestic, and not taking care of our veterans, not taking care of our military, not taking care of our health concern—if you really think that these things are just going to be forgotten, these are not the principles that PAUL 
RYANbelieves in. So, if this passes, if it is vetoed, can’t 
we try to believe that, if you really want to have a Republican Speaker, take this garbage off the table, say you are going to cooperate for our country? This is more important than Republicans and Democrats. 
the full faith and credit of the United States of America. People don’t ask whether you are Republican or Democrat. They just want to know are you going to pay your debts. 
I thank you for this opportunity. And, PAUL, if they don’t want you as 
Speaker, at this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). 
that the United States and those who vote on the floor of this Chamber prioritize our debt and our Social Security payments over our reckless government and otherwise irresponsible spending. 
out of our spending debate and codify the integrity of our Nation’s full faith and credit. And I would say, Madam Speaker, that those that appear to oppose this bill really and truly at the end of the day need the hysteria that surrounds this issue to not go away simply so political points around this issue can continue to be made. 
political at all. Today, as we stand here, our national debt stands in excess of $18 trillion. Yet, according to the Congressional Budget Office, government revenues were $3.25 trillion for fiscal year 2015 alone. 
ladies and gentlemen, we do not have a revenue problem. But with $18 trillion in debt, we certainly have a spending problem. We must get to the root of it, and this bill is a responsible step forward. 
It is a responsible step forward because it truly takes the politics of this debt and this hysteria off the table so that we can see as American people and as a Congress so that we can be exposed to the problems so that we can face it and, ultimately, so that we can solve it. 
to do. I think a little bit all of us did. For me, it is the majority of why I came to Washington, so that our tough decisions can be faced, met, resolved, and we can ultimately reduce this debt so that our children and grandchildren in the here and now and yet to come don’t have to be the first and second generations in American history that are left worse off. 
time, and I have heard a lot about caucuses. But I would like to see us do what the gentleman from Indiana says, although I disagree with him on his conclusion. 
I would like to see the formation of a 
responsibility caucus, a caucus that is honest with the American people, that doesn’t pretend that this debt limit vote is a real vote. 
It is a real vote when you cut revenues by hundreds of billions of dollars and don’t pay for it. And if you think that that does not up the debt and somehow pays for it, you haven’t been around for the last 35 years watching. 
to the American people: If we bought it, we are going to pay for it. Whether 
it was Social Security, Medicare, an aircraft carrier, roads and bridges, whatever it was, we will pay for it. 
But one of the first things our Republican friends did was they negated pay for, and they certainly wouldn’t have it apply to tax cuts. Almost every responsible economist I have talked with says there is no way you can do this without effectively having default. 
Because if you prioritize debt, by definition, what you are saying is there are some debts we will not pay. As soon as you say that, you have defaulted. You may not default to a bond owner, but you have defaulted on an obligation of the most creditworthy nation on Earth, the United States of America. 
game. It is a game unworthy of responsible representatives. Of course we are going to pay our debts. We are America. When we say of course we are going to pay our debts, it means that we will pay our debts. 
In order to do that, you need to up 
the debt limit. If you don’t want the debt limit to go higher, stop buying things or pay for things or do both. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this irresponsible charade that is a pretense of fiscal responsibility, not a reality. This is not worthy of this Congress or the American people. It is clear that this House has been a deeply divided House and a dysfunctional House for a number of months now, indeed, for a number of years. 
I understand that there are some people who demand legislation like this that won’t go anywhere and really won’t do anything, and it will put the credit of the United States at further risk. Let us reject this charade. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I come today to the House as a supporter of the Default Prevention Act. Right now our Nation stands at over $18 trillion in debt, a number simply too large to comprehend. 
to the American people to rein in out ofcontrol Federal spending and put 
will continue to act to reduce our national debt and restore fiscal responsibility to the Federal Government, we cannot put the full faith and credit of the United States Government at risk. 
that we will continue to pay our existing debt obligations providing the economic security and certainty that our economy needs. 
increase in the debt limit. It simply allows us to satisfy our existing debt obligations and avoid default, even if we reach the debt ceiling. 
This bill also protects Social Security beneficiaries and Americans with disabilities by ensuring that their benefits will continue to be paid on time. Hardworking Americans deserve to have their benefits protected, and this bill does just that. This legislation is a commonsense measure that protects Americans’ credit and integrity. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. BECERRA ), our caucus chair. 
veterans, more than 30 million children who participate on a daily basis in school lunch programs, and small businesses all over the country are some of the Americans who will pay the price if Republicans refuse to authorize our government to pay all its bills. 
for Congress to avoid defaulting on paying America’s financial bills. Yet, our House Republican colleagues show no signs of putting serious business first and trying to work with their Democratic colleagues to pay our Nation’s bills on time and in full. This bill isn’t a solution. It is a sham. 
pay foreign creditors ahead of paying our troops or paying our veterans, who have honorably served our country and have earned their benefits. 
propose under this bill to borrow new money to pay for previously borrowed money and to say that the previously borrowed money won’t count on the books. Borrowing money off the books to cover debt sounds a lot like a Ponzi scheme. 
name, bringing our economy closer to the brink. Maybe some people in this Chamber have forgotten 2011. When the Republicans brought us to the brink of default in 2011, the stock market plunged and the S&P downgraded our credit rating for the first time in our Nation’s history. In 2013, our Republican colleagues 
proposed default threats, and the government shutdown that followed cost us 120,000 jobs and $24 billion in slow GDP growth just as the economy was taking hold. 
The Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary Lew, said in a letter last week: ‘‘There is no way to predict the irreparable damage that default would have on global financial markets and the American people.’’ 
Madam Speaker, you wouldn’t constantly run your small business on the edge of default. So why would Republicans try to run the largest economy in the world this way? 
days. Let us defeat this bill and get our real work done. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). 
Maryland made the comment just a moment ago of the ‘‘responsibility caucus,’’ that he would like to see more of that. 
this Chamber is that, ultimately, what my colleague from California’s bill is all about is, indeed, just that because, if you think about it, we really are living in an age of default. 
Laurence Kotlikoff, from Boston University, has said that, in a thing called generational accounting, the imputed cost of governing—the imputed cost for a child born in America today in terms of future costs all in—is about 80 percent. 
from a thing called slavery if you have to be indentured to the Federal Government for the preponderance of your life and your life’s work. What this is ultimately about is defusing that bomb. 
of Staff to President Clinton. He ran a commission that looked at the way our Federal Government spent money. He said that what we have before us is the most predictable financial crisis in the history of man and that it is but 10 years off—roughly, 10 years off. 
and we will have a legitimate debate between Republicans and Democrats and Independents and all of us as Americans in where we go next—what this does is defuse that bomb of a train wreck with regard to international and national credit markets as we have that debate, and that is a very good thing. 
we have deadlines that come and go with this debate. It is about a tug of war that is taking place, and it is about saying let’s step back and not risk credit markets and what might happen next on that front. 
Secondly, it is about simple priorities. In a family’s budget, they differentiate between the mortgage budget and the movie budget. Not all government expenditure is equal. 
the Federal Government that make a lot of sense and some, frankly, that don’t, some that add a lot of value and some that add a little bit of value. For us to say, ‘‘I will tell you what. As we go through those deliberations, let’s back up and protect the financial creditworthiness of the United States Government,’’ it is, ultimately, a real step of responsibility. 
I commend my colleague from California for offering this bill. I thank him for his work to defuse a ticking time bomb in the debate that will take place—a ticking time bomb that will go on, nonetheless, with regard to what happens next with regard to the national debt. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ), another distinguished member of our committee. 
We are only weeks from defaulting on our debt, and this bill does nothing to deal with that. The bill before us today is, essentially, a plan for defaulting on our obligations. 
gentleman from Louisiana, all this does is prioritize our debt. If you are prioritizing your debt, by definition, you are defaulting. You are not paying your bills. 
putting our veterans, small businesses, and our first responders behind foreign governments in regard to receiving the payment that is due to them. 
go down this road again. We have seen this movie before, and it is not going to change. The last time we came close to defaulting on our debt, the results were terrible. In 1 month, job growth dropped by more than 130,000 jobs. The S&P 500 tanked by nearly 20 percent, and our credit rating was downgraded for the first time in history. 
play around with. We simply need to pay our bills. Vote a resounding ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and let’s pay our bills. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), 
Mr. SCALISE. I thank the gentlewoman from Kansas for yielding. 
I want to thank my friend from California (Mr. M CCLINTOCK ) for bringing 
Madam Speaker, the Default Prevention Act takes off the table the ability for any President to use the debt ceiling as an opportunity to threaten default on the credit of the United States of America. 
If you think about this, we are talking about whether or not the United States is going to pay its bills. This should be something that the President—any President—should understand as a basic responsibility of his duty in office whether or not Congress can come to an agreement with the President on the debt ceiling, which, by the way, should be something the Speaker, the majority leader, and the President are directly engaged in. 
away from talks on negotiations on the debt ceiling tells you that he is not taking this in the serious way that he should. In fact, it also proves that the President wants to use the debt ceiling to threaten the default of the United States. That is irresponsible of any President. No President should have the option of defaulting or of even threatening default, and this bill takes default off the table as an option. 
Now, why would the President be opposed to that? 
Speaker, because the President wants to threaten default and have that as a political weapon to try to scare the markets and to try to scare our seniors, who, by the way, are the largest holders of debt. Seniors shouldn’t have to worry about whether or not that debt would be paid. Any creditor shouldn’t be worried. 
If the United States is going to borrow money, we should first focus on getting to a balanced budget, which this President is opposed to. Once we get to a balanced budget, we should also be focused on making sure we are paying the debts that were incurred. 
threaten default as an option shouldn’t be available. This bill takes default off the table, and it makes the focus really clear that the United States is going to live within its means, uphold its obligations, and then go and focus on attacking the real root problems that got us into this debt in the first place. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote for 
this piece of legislation. Let’s send it over to the Senate, where they should pass it on to the President. 
to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for a unanimous consent 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the 
692, for we should pay our debts. This bill is called the Pay China First Act. 
to speak on H.R. 692, the socalled ’Default Prevention Act of 2015,’’ which would result in the Congress refusing to pay the financial obligations it has already incurred. 
This bill, which ought to be called the ‘‘Pay 
China First Act,’’ is virtuallyidentical to the one House Republicans brought to the floor in May 2013, which House Democrats unanimously opposed and which wasted time and taxpayer money on its consideration before pushing the nation to the brink of default just a few months later. 
which bills to pay and which ones to ignore; neither can the United States Congress without putting the nation into default for the first time in its history. 
first and greatest Treasury Secretary, understood that the path to American prosperity and greatness lay in its creditworthiness which provided the affordable access to capital needed to fund internal improvements and economic growth. 
most important national assets and according to Hamilton: ‘‘the proper funding of the present debt, will render it a national blessing.’’ 
public credit immortal,’’ Hamilton understood that it was necessary that: ‘‘the creation of 
debt should always be accompanied with the means of extinguishment.’’ 
In other words, to retain and enjoy the prosperity that flows from good credit, it is necessary for a nation to pay its bills. 
H.R. 692 threatens the full faith and credit of 
the United States, costs American jobs, hurt businesses of all sizes, and does irreparable damage to the economy. 
It is important to note that under the economic stewardship of the Obama Administration, the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed above 17,000 for the first time ever, and unemployment has fallen to 5.1 percent, the lowest since the Clinton Administration. 
by H.R. 692, and therefore in danger of not being paid on a daily basis, include pay for activeduty military, veterans benefits, Medicare and Medicaid payments, and payments to small businesses. 
In short, H.R. 692 is simply default by another name. 
which Congress has been done numerous times and was the normal process until 2011 when the House Republicans hijacked the process in a futile and quixotic effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
H.R. 692 reflects a House Republican governing philosophy that puts ideology over progress and partisan showmanship over commonsense legislating. 
hold our nation hostage, punishing the recipients of Social Security, Medicaid, and Medicare who depend upon their benefits for economic survival. 
in the debt limit that would provide economic stability to consumers, businesses, and financial organizations and certainty to capital markets. 
In contrast, the bill before us, H.R. 692, is 
merely a shortterm measure with unnecessary complications, needlessly perpetuating uncertainty in the nation’s fiscal system, and favors the Chinese government over Americans. 
My colleagues want to buy time so that they 
can figure out how to squeeze the American taxpayer even more by devising bonecrunching cuts and slashes to entitlement programs as opposed to sitting down and working with Democrats to come up with reasonable budget reforms which do not hurt seniors or the , disadvantaged. 
the only source of income for nearly twothirds of older American households receiving benefits, and roughly onethird of those households depend on Social Security for nearly all of their income. 
Half of those 65 and older have annual incomes below $18,500, and many older Americans have experienced recent and significant losses in retirement savings, pensions, and home values. 
Security retirement benefit of about $14,800 is absolutely critical to the typical beneficiary. 
Not only does the program operate independently, but it is prohibited from borrowing. 
If there are insufficient funds to pay out full 
benefits, benefits are automatically reduced to the level supported by the program’s own revenues. 
Instead of shortterm management of selfinflicted fiscal crises, it is incumbent upon us on both sides of the aisle to find the common ground needed to put the nation on a sounder fiscal path. 
remains willing to work with both parties in Congress to budget responsibly and to achieve additional deficit reduction consistent with the principles of balance, shared growth, and shared opportunity. 
has only two options—raise the debt ceiling to allow the Treasury to pay the nation’s bills, or refuse to do so and have the nation default for the first time in history. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), another very distinguished member of our committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Thank you. Madam Speaker, I am listening to 
It is not the President who is threatening to default on the national debt. It is the Republican Congress that is refusing to do what was granted to every President in the past—Republican or Democrat—which is to deal with raising the debt ceiling, which is, after all, money we have already spent, money that they approved. 
5 years. The notion that we can somehow distinguish the semantics of this proposal, distinguishing between sovereign debt and the rest of the 80 million transactions that the Treasury 
to seniors, veterans, the military, Medicare, Medicaid, the FBI, food safety, cut them, but you don’t. You nibble away at them. You have never offered a balanced budget when you have been in charge. We had balanced budgets when President Clinton was President. Thank you very much. Unless you assure everyone, nobody is protected. 
President walked away from the negotiations with SimpsonBowles, where was PAUL RYAN? I like P AUL RYAN. 
PAUL RYAN refused to embrace SimpsonBowles’ proposals. They cannot pass their vision. They want to blame the President and the American people. 
ought to reject this fig leaf and get down to business: raise the debt ceiling as we have done repeatedly in the past for Presidents, whether they are Republicans or Democrats, get past the rhetoric, and then deal with structural issues going forward. 
Let’s raise the gas tax so we can deal with our crumbling infrastructure, something that Ronald Reagan did in 1982, when we faced a deficit in the highway trust fund then. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. There are simple, commonsense solutions, by the way, that are supported by the U.S. Chamber and the AFL–CIO, truckers and AAA, business, government, to be able to get the country moving again, to repair crumbling infrastructure, and not add to the deficit. One simple, little step—something we could do—not deal with goofy legislation like is offered today. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
we are asked: Why don’t you just raise the debt limit? 
Let me again make this very clear. As long as we spend more than we 
take in, we have a responsibility to raise the debt limit. Republicans acknowledge that responsibility. Democrats acknowledge that responsibility. 
concomitant duty to review the policies that are driving that debt. The Republicans acknowledge this responsibility. The Democrats do not. That is the fine point of the matter. 
That is a policy debate, and it is controversial, but that controversy should not roil credit markets and threaten to increase the cost of our borrowing. 
Given the size of the debt that we are 
carrying—and this administration has nearly doubled it by its policies—even a small increase in interest rates could mean a catastrophic increase in interest payments, and those increased interest payments in the tens—possibly, hundreds—of billions of dollars would come at the cost of every other program that the Democrats cherish. 
downgrading our credit rating in 2011. Let me remind them that, for months prior to that downgrade, the S&P demanded that we reduce our 10year projected deficit by at least $4 trillion or they would downgrade our sovereign debt. We ultimately only reduced it by $1.2 trillion because of the voices that we now hear raised against this bill, and the S&P followed through on that threat. 
a threat not to pay interest and principal on our debt is the biggest threat to our credit. That is precisely the threat this bill takes off the table by guaranteeing our sovereign debt. 
pay our other bills would be a very bad thing, and it is much to be avoided. There is no dispute in that. 
As long as the debt limit has to be increased, there is going to be controversy; and that controversy, whether during Republican or Democratic Congresses or Republican or Democratic administrations, must not be allowed to provoke an increase in borrowing costs because we have frightened credit markets. 
This is not a threat to default. It is a 
promise not to default on the sovereign debt that we use to fund everything else that we do. My friends on the left make no distinction between sovereign debt and our other obligations. That may explain some of the reasons we are in the mess we are in. 
makes it possible to pay for our other obligations as long as we continue to spend beyond our means. This measure guarantees the sovereign debt. 
The policies advocated by the opponents of this motion are precisely the policies that have caused our country to wander now through 7 years down a dark road of debt, doubt, despair, and economic malaise. 
It is time for a new morning in America, and that begins with guaranteeing the sovereign debt of this Nation. I ask for your support for this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 10 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from Kansas has 13
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), another distinguished member of our committee. 
Mr. KIND. Madam Speaker, this unquestionably is one of the most dangerous bills that we will be considering in this session of Congress because this gives this body permission, for the very first time in our Nation’s history, to default on our financial obligations. 
the baby here by paying bondholders only. One of the largest bondholders we have, of course, is China, so this is a pay China first bill. 
markets, the investors, and the credit rating agencies will view this for what it is however: a default is a default is a default. 
of America should pay our bills. We should pay our bills. 
here today with complete certainty and tell us what the market reaction would be if we start defaulting on any financial obligations we have as a nation, and that is really the point. Why would we even take that chance? Why would we take a chance of a downgrade to our credit, of an increase in interest rates which would impact everyone, from small businesses to families to farmers? It would drive up borrowing costs, which would act as a brake on economic activity and the job growth we have right now because we have never done this before. That is the danger that this legislation sets up. 
If my friends on the other side are so 
concerned about debt and overspending, then perhaps they ought not have supported legislation this year alone—bills that they have passed— that would increase our national debt by $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years because you refused to pay for the tax cuts or the spending increases that were in that legislation through offsets in the budget. That may come as news or surprise to the other side, but the Congressional Budget Office score is $1.5 trillion of new debt over 10 years based on legislation you supported: repealing SGR, $141 billion; permanent expensing, $380 billion; get rid of the estate tax, another $180 billion, and others. It adds up to 1.5. 
excess spending and debt and what it is doing to our economy, then maybe we ought to look at ourselves first and the action that is being taken on this House floor. 
should stop creating the uncertainty and dysfunction coming out of Washington and give the economy a chance to recover. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ), vice chair of our 
rise in strong opposition to the Pay China First Act. We should call it, in my opinion, Put America Last Act because that is exactly what this does. This bill will codify into law a new low. It will ensure U.S. taxpayers are forced to pay China and other regimes as well as foreign banks first. That means we will pay China before we pay veterans, 
before we pay for Medicare to cover our seniors, and before we pay our enlisted troops bravely serving overseas. It means we are going to pay these guys before we pay these guys. We are going to pay these guys before we pay these guys. 
House Republican colleagues, acknowledges that, in fact, China and other foreign debt holders will be paid before Medicare, before our elderly receive their checks, and before our troops receive their salaries. 
priorities. There are countless issues that Americans have called on us to address that we need to tackle to ensure this country remains healthy and strong, yet this is a bill the Republicans have chosen to bring to the floor. This is a bill that you have chosen to bring to the floor. 
Congress is not serious about paying our Nation’s bills because, under this bill, we resort to having the U.S. file, in essence, a bankruptcy. Filing for bankruptcy and walking away from debt obligations may work for Donald Trump, but it doesn’t work for middle class Americans. Average Americans who work hard to pay their bills and live up to their financial obligations— and that includes American veterans and seniors—the Republicans would have waiting in line for their VA benefits behind Chinese bankers. 
China above our veterans, above our seniors, and above our servicemembers. 
you ask the American people, ‘‘Who should be paid first, these guys or these guys?’’ I suggest they would agree with us. These guys should get paid first. 
ditch? This is the biggest dine and ditch I have ever heard of. When I was a kid, some of my friends wanted to go to restaurants, eat as much as they 
could, and then run out before they paid their bill, and I would never let them do that. I felt it was immoral. That is exactly what we are suggesting we do today. 
The waitress. Who is the waitress in this case? The American people. The American people, they get stuck when you dine and ditch on them. Even suggesting for a moment that we may not pay our debt and that we may default sends the wrong message to America. It sends the wrong message to the world. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), another very 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Pay China First Act. I am truly shocked that the Republican leadership is advancing a bill that approves America defaulting on its debt. 
This is a dangerous action that jeopardizes the full faith and credit of our Nation. It also jeopardizes the well being of millions of our most vulnerable citizens. 
tell my constituents that repaying our debt to foreign countries is more important than paying their salaries for military service or paying their disability benefits or providing them student loans. 
How can I tell small businesses in Illinois that repaying our debt to a foreign government is more important than paying them for providing goods and services to our government? How can I tell Illinois doctors and hospitals that we can pay China for lending us money, but we cannot pay them for taking care of our elderly? 
The Council of Economic Advisers estimated that the 2013 debt limit standoff and shutdown cost us 120,000 jobs, and the GAO estimated that it resulted in $70 million in increased borrowing cost on securities issued during the last crisis. 
damaged our economic recovery, yet the Republican leadership insists yet again on a path to harm our national economy and wellbeing simply for political posturing. 
shameful bill that says that debt to foreign countries is more important than our citizens. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
know that this great Hall has become a national gallery for hyperbole, but I think the opponents of this measure have taken it to a whole new level. Pay China first, what xenophobic nonsense. 
debt. Most of our debt is owed to Americans, much of it in pension funds and debts to Social Security pensioners. 
can’t meet any of our other obligations, including our troops in the field. And if there is even a suggestion that our sovereign debt is not absolutely secure, we could see a spike in interest costs that will take money away from the very programs that the Democrats say they are trying to defend. That is the reality of it. 
should guarantee the sovereign debt of the United States, and I would ask 
again: Why is it and how is it that my 
friends on the Democratic side of the aisle can get wildly enthusiastic about taxpayers being forced to guarantee loans to foreign corporations, foreign governments, or domestic special interests and yet not be willing to guarantee the full faith and credit of the United States simply by allowing the Treasury Secretary to continue to borrow to meet our interest and principal payments if we should ever reach a point where the debt limit has been reached? 
that tends to roil markets. We are going to meet our debt obligations, but that debate that is required to review the policies that are driving our debt is what roils those markets. 
everyone who makes loans to the Federal Government that their loans are secure. This keeps our interest costs down, and it guarantees the credit of the United States that is necessary to meet all of our other obligations. 
Speaker, as I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. 
debate. The gentleman from California talks about guaranteeing. So you guarantee payments to foreign debt holders. You won’t guarantee payments to our veterans or to kids with school lunches. You won’t guarantee payments to people who are doing medical research. You won’t guarantee that. 
So here is the problem: you are proceeding on a very partisan basis on a bill that is going nowhere. 
ceiling. We will, and we are going to do it long before there is any consideration of the details about which you speak. 
spending. We are going to pass a debt ceiling. The disturbing thing is you come here on a partisan basis when there is a crying need for bipartisanship. The only way the debt ceiling can be raised is bipartisan, and you come here today strictly partisan. 
That is a bad omen because, in addition to the debt ceiling, there is the continuing resolution. We have also the Medicare premium issue that looms in a few days. We have a highway bill that looms in a few days. The only way they are going to be resolved is on a bipartisan basis. You come here with a bill that won’t get, I think, a single Democratic vote, and you know it, and yet your leadership sanctions you to do this. 
It is deeply troubling. This is demagoguery. It is an effort maybe to gain a few more Republican votes, but this is too important for that. It is not policy, as I said before. It is a ploy. When it comes to issues like this, it should 
In this sense, it is kind of sad you are 
doing this. It raises questions as to where your leadership is going to take this institution in the future, when already on your side the public has such deep disbelief in what you are doing. It is too late to ask you to pull back. I urged that to your leadership some time ago. I guess we are going to go forth. It is a frightful mistake to be doing it this way. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chair will remind Members that remarks in debate must be addressed to the Chair and not to others in the second person. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
work to do to rein in spending. While conversations to reduce Federal spending continue, we must also continue to pay down our existing debt. The Default Prevention Act before us today provides a responsible way to deal with our debt crisis and protect the full faith and credit of the United States. 
on a debt payment, it would do serious harm to the economy and to the hardworking Americans who make this country great. This bill ensures that, even if the debt limit is reached, the U.S. Treasury would not default on our existing obligations to pay down the debt. 
Again, this legislation does not increase the debt limit. Instead, it actually prevents Treasury from issuing new debt to pay for any new spending unless Congress passes a law to increase the debt limit, a conversation for another day. 
makes it possible to pay all the bills that the minority claims to want paid. This bill takes the important step of ensuring that Social Security benefits are paid in full and on time. This legislation is a commonsense measure that will protect our Nation’s credit and integrity. 
Once again, I strongly urge my colleagues to support it. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
stand in opposition to H.R. 692, the socalled Default Prevention Act. 
Raising the national debt limit is a basic responsibility of government which ensures America will be able to pay its bills. If we do not raise the debt limit, our nation will default for the first time in its history. Americans’ retirement savings will plunge, and interest rates for mortgages, student loans, credit cards, and car payments will skyrocket. 
American economy need a clean debt limit extension bill that meets all of our financial obligations, not just a few of them. Sadly, the Majority party’s Default Prevention Act does not meet this basic standard. Their bill would guarantee payments above 
the debt limit to bond holders in China and other foreign countries, without consideration for meeting our obligations to the American people, including troops, veterans, and small businesses. That is irresponsible and wrong. 
small businesses should be our priority, not guaranteeing payments to China and our other bond holders. This legislation is the Majority’s cynical attempt to pass a debt limit bill and say the House is being responsible. The truth is it is not an honest attempt to address the debt limit. The Majority’s bill is a sham. Our nation will be in default if we miss any payment for any reason. And the Majority knows the bill will not become law, because the President will veto it if it reaches his desk. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this pointless Default Prevention Act, andpass a clean debt limit extension bill that fulfills our obligations to the American, people, avoids economic catastrophe, and truly honors the full faith and credit of the United States. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Sherman Williams, one of his secretaries. 
ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3116) to extend by 15 years the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report program, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
procedures that have been implemented since the data breaches of systems of the Office of Personnel Management were announced in 2015. 
Secretary of Commerce or the Director of the Bureau of the Census to secure sensitive information that have been implemented since the data breaches of systems of the Office of Personnel Management were announced in 2015; 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
objection to the original request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
ask unanimous consent to submit for the RECORD a letter from John Thompson, Director of the Census Bureau, to Chairman MCCAUL, myself, and others, 
indicating the Bureau will comply with FISMA when developing the report required by H.R. 3116 and will continue to work with the Secretary of Homeland Security and others to secure the Bureau’s network. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
is regarding the U.S. Census Bureau’s compliance with the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) and the provisions of Senate Amendment (S. Admt.) 2710 to H.R. 3116. The Census Bureau is compliant at this time with the requirements of FISMA, and is working with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide information on the data security procedures required by S. Admt. 2710. 
We have implemented a formal risk management program in accordance with the National Institute of Standards and Technology 
(NIST) Special Publication 800–37r1. All of the FISMA reportable systems supporting the Census Bureau are continually assessed per this guidance and all have a current Authorization to Operate. In addition, the Census Bureau is currently behind a Managed Trusted Internet Protocol Service (MTIPS) provider and is protected by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Einstein 1 and 2, which looks at network flow information and network intrusion detection. The Census Bureau is engaged with DHS and MTIPS provider to move behind Einstein 3 Accelerated (E3A) as soon as the DHS and our MTIPS say they are ready. This will give us the added cybersecurity analysis, situational awareness and security response capabilities for DHS to augment our efforts. 
with the Department of Commerce to implement Phase 2C of the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) program by the end of calendar year 2016. This will provide us the capability to identify cybersecurity risks more efficiently and prioritize the risks based on potential impacts. The initial meeting with DHS and the service provider took place on October 15. 2015. The Census Bureau reports regularly on this and other aspects of its cybersecurity program to the Department of Commerce, Office of Management and Budget, and DHS. 
Please know that the security of our respondents’ information is paramount at the Census Bureau. We take seriously our responsibility to honor privacy and protect confidentiality. We will continue to work with the Department of Commerce and DHS to implement effective data security procedures and ensure compliance with FISMA requirements. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 10. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 480 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 10. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, with Mr. HOLDING in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
of H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results, or SOAR, Reauthorization Act. 
The SOAR Reauthorization Act continues the threesector approach to education within the District of Columbia. This approach gives equal funding to D.C. Public Schools, D.C. Public Charter Schools, and the Opportunity Scholarship Program, often referred to as the OSP. 
The OSP gives scholarships to children in lowincome families to attend a private school so that those children can experience a quality education. The average OSP family makes less than $22,000 per year. These scholarships allow families to place their children in learningrich environments. 
rank at the top in spending per student, but are near the bottom in academic performance. The Opportunity Scholarship Program gives these students the education they deserve so they can pursue the American Dream. 
to provide scholarships to students who need them the most, but also to improve the current state of public school and public charter school education. This bill authorizes equal funding for D.C. Public Schools and for D.C. Public Charter Schools in addition to the Opportunity scholarships. 
that the SOAR Act takes money away from public education. However, that is quite the opposite. The SOAR Act increases funding for public education in the District of Columbia. 
In fact, since the threesector approach has been in effect, D.C. Public Schools and D.C. Public Charter Schools have received a combined $435 million in Federal funding for school improvement. 
Mr. Chairman, the District of Columbia schools would not have received these funds had it not been for the OSP and this threesector approach. Now we are debating reauthorizing this approach and giving $20 million annually to each sector for 5 years, $300 million across 5 years for D.C. education. 
advocates for public education would oppose such an approach that has poured millions of dollars into the D.C. public education system, particularly since the OSP is getting a great return on its investment and is producing results. The OSP produces $2.62 in benefits for every dollar spent on the program, according to a study conducted by one of the program’s evaluators. 
pressed to find another government program that generates this sort of result and bang for your buck. We are talking about a 162 percent return on investment here, an investment that has not taken one dime from public education. 
talk about how to keep this program going because it is really affecting real people and real lives. We talk about the individual students and their families, but it is also borne out in the statistics. 
The Opportunity Scholarship students are averaging a 90 percent graduation rate—90 percent—compared to D.C. Public Schools, which was roughly less than a 60 percent graduation rate in 2013 and 2014. 
Further, some 88 percent of the Opportunity Scholarship participants enroll in college. Not only are they graduating high school at record levels above and beyond what is happening in public schools, but they are also going on to higher education. 
than a graduation statistic. Their individual lives have been forever changed because of the OSP. 
about Joseph Kelley’s son, Rashawn Williams. He had fallen behind in every single subject. His father had to get the courts involved to ensure that his school was following its requirements pursuant to Rashawn’s individual education plan. Mr. Kelley was able to get Rashawn a scholarship through the Opportunity Scholarship Program and has said: ‘‘I truly shudder to think where my son would be today without it.’’ 
outcomes for the least advantaged. The program places kids in safer highquality schools that allow them to receive a good education. It brings funding to all sectors of education in D.C. to improve education opportunities for all. 
note that the bill requires all participating Opportunity Scholarship schools to be accredited. The accreditation standards give the taxpayer—and, more importantly, Opportunity Scholarship families—assurances that District students are receiving the education they deserve. 
The Opportunity Scholarship currently limits entrance based on a control group for an evaluation study. H.R. 10 removes this arbitrary requirement, instituting a new study to track the results of the Opportunity Scholarships. Removing this barrier to entry increases access to the program and means more families can be afforded quality education for their children. 
Mr. Chairman, we had the opportunity to debate this bill in the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and I appreciate the perspectives heard from both sides. We had a good, productive field hearing. 
Ohio (Mr. BOEHNER ), the Speaker of the House, our friend and colleague, for authoring this legislation. He has poured his heart and soul out, trying to do what he can do to help these young children. It has had a very positive effect on so many lives and in future generations. It is something we can all be proud about. 
He has worked tirelessly to bring opportunity to students within the District of Columbia, and he will be remembered by this body for his effort to bring a quality education to all. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation. 
to give students in the District of Columbia the opportunity for a quality education by reauthorizing a program that actually works and produces results. It affects real lives. It is called the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
to be on the floor this afternoon managing this bill. Ironically, I was scheduled to host a briefing today for Members and staff on the constitutionality of the District of Columbia statehood bill, where I was going to show a 17 minute HBO ‘‘Last Week Tonight’’ clip from John Oliver that lampoons the Congress for denying District residents their voting rights, budget and legislative autonomy, and statehood. 
Instead, here I am on the floor in a 
virtual reality show not speaking about the right to selfgovernment, but fighting this latest attempt by the Republican Congress to impose its ideology on D.C. residents. 
Chairperson, Committee on Oversight & Government Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
CHAIRPERSON CHAFFETZ : We write as locally elected officials to express our opposition to renewed efforts to expand a federally funded school voucher program in the District of Columbia. We appreciate your interest in providing support to public education in the District. We strongly believe, however, that federal funds should be invested in the existing public education system—both public schools and public charter schools— rather than being diverted to private schools. 
the President several years ago to phase out the voucher program. Multiple U.S. Department of Education reports indicate that the program has not lived up to the promises made by proponents. These studies along with two troubling Government Accountability Office reports have also revealed that many of the students participating in the voucher program attend private schools with fewer resources and lower standards than our public schools. The evidence is clear that the use of vouchers has had no statistically significant impact on overall student achievement in math or reading, or for students from schools in need of improvement. 
We have serious concerns about using government funds to send our students to private schools that do not have to adhere to the same standards and accountability as do public and public charter schools. For example, private religious schools, which 80% of students with vouchers attend, operate outside the nondiscrimination provisions of the D.C. Human Rights Act. Moreover, the voucher proposal is inequitable: if fully funded, the authorization would provide many more dollars per student for vouchers than is allocated per student in public schools and public charter schools. 
already receiving a voucher should have the opportunity to maintain and use that voucher through graduation from high school, we do not support expansion of the program to new students. The District devotes considerable funds to public education, and our local policies promote choice for parents. Indeed, over the past decade the quality of public education in D.C. has increased, as a result of reforms and targeted investment. Families can choose from an array of educational institutions based on publicly available performance metrics, both within the D.C. Public Schools system and among the myriad public charter schools. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan has called the progress of D.C. Public Schools ‘‘remarkable’’, while the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools has ranked the District’s charter sector as the best in the country. 
Despite such ample evidence that the Congressionally imposed voucher program is ineffective, while D.C. public schools improve every year, some members of Congress continue to see our city as their personal petri dish. It is insulting to our constituents, who vote for us but not for any voting member of Congress, that some of your colleagues push their personal agendas on D.C. in a way they could never do in their home states. Attacking D.C. home rule, including any expansion of the voucher program, is irresponsible governing on the part of Congress. 
We call on you to respect the wishes of the 
District’s elected officials on the quintessentially local matter of education as you consider this issue. 
Chairperson Committee on Education; Charles Allen, DC Council, Ward 6, Member, Committee on Education; LaRuby May, DC Council, Ward 8; Elissa Silverman, DC Council, At Large; Anita Bonds, DC Council, At Large, Member, Committee on Education; Yvette Alexander, DC Council, Ward 7, Member, Committee on Education; Brianne Nadeau, DC Council, Ward 1; Jack Evans, DC Council, Ward 2. 
have sought a compromise that should be acceptable to Republicans, as it is to President Obama. 
allowing our current D.C. voucher students to remain in the program until graduation. That ensures D.C. would have voucher students for many years to come. 
That is the kind of sensible compromise that Congress must get back to or be content with the label ‘‘least productive Congress,’’ as it has come to be known each year under this majority. 
This bill goes beyond the compromise, we have offered, by seeking to admit new students as well. We are here so that Speaker JOHN BOEHNER  
has a capstone to his own political career. The D.C. voucher program is his pet project, not D.C.’s. The Speaker has introduced only two bills this Congress: a bill on the Iran nuclear agreement and this bill. 
D.C.’s right to selfgovernment, they should at least care whether the program improves achievement, which was the stated reason for vouchers in the first place. Far from helping students, however, the program has demonstrably failed. 
mandated evaluation of the program’s effectiveness, this program, these vouchers, have failed to improve academic achievement, as measured by objective math and reading testing scores. 
not had significant impacts—that is also from the congressionally mandated evaluation—has not had ‘‘significant impacts’’ on the achievement of students whom the program was designed to most benefit: those who previously attended lowperforming public schools. 
school graduation rates. However, the evaluation did not examine dropout rates or the rigor of the schools’ curriculum or graduation requirements. 
attendance rates. However, the evaluation did not measure college attendance rates. 
Mr. Chairman, it would still not be needed, at least in the District of Columbia, which has perhaps the most robust public school choice program in the country. Almost 50 percent of our public school students attend charter schools, which the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools ranked as the strongest in the Nation. In addition, 75 percent of public school students in the District attend outof boundary schools. What D.C. has developed amounts to a model choice education program. 
have made some of the most impressive improvements in the country, by any measure, spurred by competition from the rapidly growing D.C. charter schools, not from the small number of voucher schools. In fact, a 2013 assessment of D.C. public schools indicated that the District had made the greatest improvement of any urban school district in the Nation. 
educational achievement and attainment than D.C. public schools. D.C. charter schools outperform D.C. public schools across traditionally disadvantaged groups, including African Americans and lowincome students, and have a higher percentage of such students, precisely the students the voucher program was ostensibly designed to serve. 
schools is also clear. D.C. public school enrollment has increased for 7 consecutive years, right alongside the very large number of charter schools. 
students, we ask that you support our home rule public choice, not impose yours. Any new funding for education in the District should reinforce the hard work of our city, our parents, and our residents, who have shown the Nation how to build a fully accountable public school choice program. D.C. residents, not unaccountable Members of Congress, know best what our children need and how to govern our own affairs. 
will consider an amendment I have offered to restore the scientific integrity of the program’s evaluation, one like the evaluation Congress has always mandated, and another to crack down on socalled voucher mills. 
surely pass, I want to work with Members who support vouchers to ensure that our voucher students attend high quality schools, like our accredited Catholic and other parochial schools, not flybynight, often storefront schools in lowincome neighborhoods that were opened only after the voucher program was created to get access to unrestricted Federal funds. 
I appreciate that the majority indicated in committee and on the floor that they also want to prevent voucher mills. I look forward to continuing to work with them as this bill moves forward to protect our families from voucher mills. 
Congress gave the District authority to establish its own education system; and unlike some other local jurisdictions, D.C. has never created a voucher program. Instead, like many D.C. bills in Congress, this bill seeks to impose a program on the District that does not have national support. 
both the House and Senate defeated Republican national private voucher amendments on the floor. Members reject private school vouchers for their own constituents but want to impose them on mine. No wonder. 
to establish Statefunded vouchers or tuition tax credits has failed, and by large margins. Now the majority wants to do to the District what it would not dare do at home. The recent vote to deny voucher funding on a national level shows where Republicans really stand. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chairman for this opportunity. 
today, after looking in the eyes of the kids, students, their parents, eyes 
I come to the floor today to add my 
support for H.R. 10, the SOAR Reauthorization Act, because it works. This legislation will ensure the continuation of the successful D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, which was established by Congress in 2004, to provide eligible lowincome families in the District of Columbia with the opportunity to attend the school of their choice. 
Opportunity Scholarship Program are necessary to fix our broken educational system and prepare our children for the 21st century workforce, and I am confounded that any of my colleagues would oppose a program that provides students with an opportunity for a better education, especially one that has been an unqualified success. 
On average, students in the Opportunity Scholarship Program have a graduation rate of 90 percent, well above the national average, as well as D.C.’s overall graduation rate of 58 percent. These students continue to succeed in their pursuit of higher education, with 88 percent of the graduates going on to attend a 2 or 4year college or university. 
are clear, the program also plays an important role in empowering parents to make the best choice for their kids and engaging them in their educational and academic progress. A recent survey of parents found that 85 percent of parents are happy with their child’s current Opportunity Scholarship Program school. 
a wide array of stakeholders. Just yesterday, in an oped entitled ‘‘A Misguided Attack on D.C.’s Needy Students,’’ The Washington Post editorial board defended the SOAR Act and wrote in support of reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, noting that over 6,100 children have benefited from the program, while thousands more are on waiting lists. 
nearly 75 percent of D.C. residents support the program, which has provided more than $600 million in funding for traditional public schools, charter public schools, and the voucher program. 
It is important to note, Mr. Chairman, that this bill does not take any funding away from D.C. public schools. In fact, the legislation authorizes equal funding to public schools, charter 
less than $22,000 for participating families, this program really is a lifeline for lowincome D.C. families, offering students up to $1,572 to pay for tuition, fees, and transportation. Why, Mr. Chairman, would any of us want to prohibit these students and families from opportunity and success? 
Dream. Ensuring our children have access to the best possible education 
should not be a partisan issue, and receiving a quality education should not be limited to people of means. 
I urge my colleagues to continue supporting this program and pass H.R. 10. It is the right thing to do. Let’s do it for the kids. 
that no child currently enrolled in the program under the compromise that I have offered would be stricken from the program and all current voucher students could stay until graduation. It is new students that we object to, given the evaluation that shows that the program had not met its goal, which was to improve reading and math scores. By contrast, we have had 
improvement in reading and math scores both in the D.C. public schools and the D.C. charter schools. 
Also, Mr. Chairman, there is no waiting list for vouchers in the District of Columbia. However, there are long waiting lists for our charter schools, and now, even for some public schools. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ). 
Mr. Chair, it is extremely unfortunate that we are here yet again debating legislation that would interfere with the ability of D.C. residents to make decisions for themselves. So far this Congress, the House has attempted to block laws that would protect District women’s reproductive rights and reform Washington’s drug laws. And now we are asked to continue a failed private school voucher program, a program that a majority of the D.C. Council opposes and on which they are not even consulted, a program that D.C.’s own longtime Congresswoman opposes. 
body to set aside the will of the citizens of the District of Columbia so fleetingly. It is disgraceful that in this building, a symbol of our democracy, we impose such policies on a city that does not even get a vote on these decisions. 
Additionally, I oppose this bill because it weakens D.C.’s public school system. Instead of taking public dollars to outsource our children’s education to private schools, we should be focusing on truly reauthorizing the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. We need an updated ESEA that strengthens public schools for all our children and prepares students for the globally competitive world we live in. 
Education should be the great equalizer, and every student should have access to the best education, regardless of their ZIP Code or their socioeconomic status. There are public schools in this country that are among the very best in the world. I am proud that several of them are in my district. 
schools can work when we properly support them; but, unfortunately, for 
certain communities, far too many schools continue to struggle due to lack of resources on one hand and relentless attempts to undermine them on the other. Private vouchers only further perpetuate these inequities by siphoning additional resources for few students while leaving the rest behind in underfunded public schools. 
In our global economy, it is more essential than ever that every child receives a quality education. To do that, our public schools need adequate resources. Diverting public money to private and parochial schools only worsens the problem. 
I support access to a worldclass public education for all students; but too often, the majority in this body undercut that goal, whether through the so called Student Success Act that leaves students in a lurch or today’s SOAR bill that sorely misses the point. 
people of the District of Columbia and their elected representative, Ms. NORTON. Most importantly, listen to the 
teachers and the parents who oppose this bill, and reject this legislation. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), the 
H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. 
for introducing this important legislation and thank him for a lifetime of extraordinary leadership on this issue. Throughout his speakership and under his leadership as a former chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, Speaker BOEHNER  
improved educational opportunities for all students. Literally thousands of kids have access to the American Dream because of his dedication to the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. As chairman of the Congressional School Choice Caucus, I was honored to have Speaker BOEHNER keynote a rally 
earlier this year with hundreds of Opportunity Scholarship recipients. 
I have to tell you, I am amazed at 
some of the rhetoric that I have been hearing today, talking about it is disgraceful that this legislation is before you. 
is disgraceful that any child in America has to go to a terrible school, and it is disgraceful that anyone would say that we should do anything but make sure that every one of these kids has an opportunity to go somewhere where they will have a chance to succeed. 
a great education. Lots of kids have great public school options in America. Other families can afford to send their kids to private school if they don’t have a great public school option. This debate today is about what we do for 
country have their destiny determined by their ZIP Code. These children are stuck in poorly performing schools, and their parents feel powerless to do anything about it. 
Opportunity Scholarship Program matter. Programs like D.C. OSP allow parents to choose the best educational environment for their child. The freedom provided by school choice levels the playing field and helps ensure all children have a chance to succeed. 
bring greater educational opportunities to the most underprivileged students in the District of Columbia, and it takes zero—let me repeat that—zero dollars away from D.C. Public Schools. Because of this legislation, more than 6,000 students have had the opportunity to attend a great school. Even better, an incredible 90 percent of D.C. OSP students graduate from high school. The D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program is clearly a success and needs to continue. 
Mr. Chair, I hope for a day when we 
will be talking about even bolder proposals on this floor, because the truth is we already have school choice in America if you can afford it. The only real question is: What are we going to do for everybody else? 
Declaration of Independence that all men are created equal and endowed 
with certain unalienable rights. In modern America, the pursuit of happiness comes on the back of a quality education. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I reserve the balance of my time. 
remind the gentleman that the $100 million doesn’t come out of the air, that this majority is cutting $2 billion from K–12. Most of our children are K– 12. That money has to come from somewhere. We know it comes from education funds. 
I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 10, legislation that would reauthorize the D.C. private school voucher program. 
agenda over the rights of D.C. residents to selfgovern and, more importantly, over the rights of all students to get a quality education. 
In study after study, the voucher program has failed to show any meaningful improvement in student achievement, safety, satisfaction, motivation, or engagement; yet since 2003, it has received nearly $190 million while failing to adhere to basic accountability standards. 
improving our underfunded and underresourced public school system, a school system that is required by law to serve all students. 
receiving voucher students have no requirement to serve all students. Specifically, they are able to—and do—reject students based on prior academic achievement, language ability, socioeconomic background, and other discriminatory factors. 
program that fails to serve all students, damages the public school system, and disregards the District’s right to choose its own education policy. 
I inquire as to how much time each side has. 
from Utah has 17 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 14 minutes remaining. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). 
America. America should be number one, and America’s capital should be number one. 
so much of the work in our Capital City. They all know America is great. They gush about how anybody can work in America and realize the American Dream. 
where they go to school, they almost uniformly send their kids to Maryland or Virginia schools. Even immigrants who can barely speak English and come from Afghanistan, Pakistan, Eritrea, or Nigeria know that D.C. schools mean stay away. How embarrassing for our country that new immigrants who barely speak English view our Nation’s Capital schools with contempt. 
you and Michelle for the love you show your daughters. You show your love for your daughters by spending some of your substantial salary to keep your daughters out of the D.C. Public Schools. Please, President Obama, show a little love for the children who don’t have such wealthy parents and sign the SOAR Act. 
to tell the gentleman that the socalled immigrants that he speaks to who send their children to schools in Maryland and Virginia live in Maryland and Virginia. Eighty percent of the jobs in the District of Columbia go to people who live in the suburbs. 
Columbia, as I have indicated, there are waiting lines to get into almost all the charter schools, and the D.C. public schools have improved so much that 
I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ), our very distinguished ranking 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia for yielding and for her leadership. 
to H.R. 10. We have been told that the purpose of this bill is to help all D.C. children get a better education. I strongly support that objective, but this bill does not do that. 
should support public education. But this bill proposes to spend more than $100 million over 5 years to fund vouchers to send public school students in the District of Columbia to private schools while House Republicans are proposing to cut $2 billion from public K–12 education nationally. 
understand firsthand the complexities of turning around struggling innercity schools. Almost 10 years ago, I became deeply involved in improving one of my own neighborhood schools—and I am still involved in that—the Maritime Industries Academy High School. 
It takes vision, commitment, accountability, and, yes, resources to begin the process of turning troubled schools around. However, it is impossible to turn around public schools if we divert public resources to private schools. 
a few students at the expense of the vast majority of the District’s children. 
By dividing the funding it would provide among D.C.’s public schools, public charter schools, and private school vouchers, H.R. 10 provides a third of its total funding to a tiny fraction of the District’s students. Specifically, the bill would fund vouchers to enable only 1,442 students—a tiny fraction of the District’s 47,548 students—to attend private schools. 
focus should be on maximizing the impact of the Federal Government’s limited resources to serve all of the District’s students. 
my strong objection and along party lines, studies of the program have demonstrated that the use of a voucher had no effect on academic achievement, as measured by math and reading scores, school safety, student satisfaction with their school, or motivation and engagement. 
show that 50 percent of the students from the first two cohorts of the D.C. voucher program eventually dropped out of the program. Students in the program are also less likely to attend a school that offers support programs for those that are academically challenged or have learning difficulties. 
In addition, this bill is a direct assault on D.C.’s home rule that was rushed through our committee shortly 
retirement, and the bill is not supported by D.C.’s elected representative in Congress or a majority of the D.C. City Council. 
cuts to education funding—all the talk about budget constraints, about tightening our belts, and about making sacrifices—all that goes out the window when Republicans want to give $100 million in taxpayer funds to private schools. 
longtime advocate of quality public education, I believe our highest priority must be to use limited taxpayer dollars to support programs that will truly meet the educational needs of all of our children. This bill does not do that. I urge our colleagues to reject H.R. 10. 
this time, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), the chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
support of H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. It is a bill to continue the popular and successful D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
notion that every child deserves an excellent education regardless of the family’s background, income, or ZIP Code. The program provides scholarships to students in lowincome families so they can escape underperforming schools and receive the quality education they need to excel both in the classroom and later in life. Our investment in this effort is paying off. 
who received a D.C. Opportunity scholarship graduated from a highquality school, and 88 percent went on to pursue a college degree. What is more, when asked if they were satisfied with the child’s education, 85 percent of the parents responded ‘‘yes.’’ It is no wonder every year the demand for scholarships far exceeds the number of scholarships available. These positive results also explain why this important program has long enjoyed bipartisan support. 
believe these vulnerable families deserve the opportunity to do what is best for their children’s education. At a time when this administration has spent billions of dollars pushing its own pet projects and priorities, it has routinely put this modest, successful program on the chopping block. Fortunately, Mr. Chairman, a majority in Congress has continued to stand by these students and families by continuing to support the program, and Speaker JOHN BOEHNER has always 
the educational opportunities of D.C. students than Speaker BOEHNER . In 
fact, throughout his more than 20 years in public office, JOHN BOEHNER has 
been a tireless champion for families who simply want the opportunity—any opportunity—for their children to receive a quality education. The D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program began under his leadership. Thanks to his efforts, this initiative has made a positive difference in the lives of thousands of students across the District. This act reflects his continued commitment to these families. More importantly, it reaffirms a bipartisan commitment to the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program and the D.C. schoolchildren it serves. 
to help more lowincome students and support this legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, this morning, a Member said that a letter had come from a member of the city council, Anita Bonds, asking that her name be removed from the letter sent by the council, the majority of the council, saying that they opposed reauthorization of this bill. That member has since called me. She writes: 
on the District of Columbia voucher bill (H.R. 10), I want to make my position clear. I oppose this bill, and I intend to remain a signatory of the letter previously acknowledged that seven of my colleagues on the D.C. Council and I sent to Chairman Jason Chaffetz dated October 8, 2015, in oppostion to the bill.’’ 
confusion about my position on the District of Columbia school voucher bill (H.R. 10), I 
want to make my position clear. I oppose this bill, and I intend to remain a signatory of the letter previously acknowledged that seven of my colleagues on the D.C. Council and I sent to Chairman Jason Chaffetz dated October 8, 2015, in opposition to the bill. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER .) 
support today of H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. In the 10 months that I have been here, one of the neat things that I have experienced is when we participated in a site visit with the Oversight and Government Reform Committee under Chairman CHAFFETZ  
earlier this year and had a firsthand opportunity to interact with the kids and families about the success of the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. I was recently reminded just a couple 
weeks ago when I was sitting in the hearing seeing the families, seeing the moms who were just beaming with pride about their children having this special opportunity. In the 2013 and 2014 school year, the Opportunity Scholarship Program had a graduation rate of 89 percent, which is astonishing compared to the D.C. Public Schools graduation rate of 58 percent. 
groups in the heart of the inner cities, places like New York and Baltimore. Specifically, in Cleveland, there is a school there called Sunbeam Elementary School. Thieves had stolen the copper off the weathervane, the school was filthy, and there was a metal detector for an elementary school. We brought in a team of 60 or 65 people and refurbished the school and did our best. But do you know what? That was only a temporary fix. The SOAR Act is a fix that lasts for a lifetime. It gives scholarships to children in lowincome D.C. families to attend a private school. This piece of legislation also allows parents the opportunity to provide a quality education for their children. 
successful if two foundational truths are rediscovered: first, that parents know what is best for their child, and they should have the freedom to pursue the path that works for them; secondly, and finally, States must stand up to the Federal Government to reclaim their freedom to educate their children. 
this straight. The control study did not evaluate college attendance. It was not a part of the study. Now, it did evaluate graduation rates. Mr. Chairman, what it did not evaluate was dropout rates. 
sending back to the District of Columbia children who they think are not doing well or they are not acting as they think they should act. Unless we had those figures, we would have no idea what the graduation rates were, because the graduation rates are those who were left in the school and did not get sent back. 
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). 
Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 10. 
this? If you hear the rhetoric from the other side, you are saying this is not a program that works; but if you compare the results, it does work. When you just hear that only 55 percent of people in D.C. Public Schools graduate from high school and yet if they have an opportunity to go to this other school, 89 percent graduate, my goodness, what more do you need to understand? 
going on here. If you want our children to succeed, if you want our children to excel, and if you want America to be able to compete worldwide, then education is the answer. The true issue here is a moral issue and a civil rights issue. 
Obama, in 2008, was on to something. This is what the President said: 
The single most important factor in determining student achievement is not the color of their skin, it is not where they come from, it is not their parents or how much money their parents have. It is who their teacher is. 
that has made this country exceptional, it is that we have allowed everyone the opportunity to rise from whatever level they started at to whatever level they can achieve. It is only possible through education. This program works. 
be equally divided between the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, D.C. Public Schools, and the D.C. Public Charter Schools. When we give this money to the parents of these children, when they get a chance to see their children excel, when they get a chance to see their children grow, and when they see a chance for their children to have great success, how can we sit in America’s House and debate about is this really what it is all about? 
Mr. Chairman, Members can keep repeating all they want to figures that have come from the air. The only thing evaluated by the congressionally mandated evaluation was the test scores. Our public school students and our charter school students have to take these tests. These children took these tests. 
better—not nearly as good as they should—and so are our charter schools. In fact, our charter schools are doing even better than our public school students, and these students didn’t move at all. That is what the congressionally mandated study showed. 
exempted from many of the civil rights laws, and for that reason, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the NAACP, and a number of organizations wrote opposing reauthorization of this bill. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD .) 
one fundamental question in this debate, and that is: Should a child be trapped in a school that traps them? Should a child be trapped in a school 
that, for whatever reason, isn’t working for them but would forever limit their capacity and their potential in life? To me, that is what H.R. 10 is all about. 
that 98 percent of the kids that have entered this program have come from schools that were not performing; and in that regard, this is simply a way out, it is a hand up. I think it fundamentally recognizes that dignity and worth that comes with giving somebody a choice. 
human being wants, which is simply a choice. I think it is a recognition of the fact that one size never fits all, that God makes us all different, and therefore a plethora of different choices is vital in the marketplace. 
that the marketplace has the ability to create choices that might take forever in other systems, time that these kids do not have. I would ask that we refocus on the kids. 
other Members’ districts, but I challenge Members to meet what the District of Columbia has done to keep students from being trapped in bad schools. 
the children choose to go to a better performing district? They can in mine. 
In your district, are there 110 publicly accountable charter schools as an alternative to your own traditional public schools? There are in mine. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). 
the chairman for his leadership in bringing this excellent bill to the floor. This bill—of which, in full disclosure, I am an original cosponsor of—will continue to promote school choice and provide Opportunity scholarships to D.C. students that are most in need, while also expanding D.C. Public Charter Schools, therefore providing more opportunities for Washington students to excel and set themselves up for productive and successful lives. 
Now, to date, the Opportunity Scholarship Program has been an educational lifeline for more than 6,000 children from very lowincome D.C. families, and more than 16,000 have applied to participate since the 2004–05 school year. Quite simply put, this program works. 
It is no secret I am a big proponent of 
school choice. As chairman of the Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education Subcommittee, I have heard about the challenges many students in schools are facing, and I firmly believe that when parents have a choice, kids have a chance. This program, which has helped pave the way for others like it across the country, gives that chance, and it creates a 
healthy competition that causes all schools to improve, therefore helping all students, even those who aren’t in the program. 
As I have seen in my home State of 
Indiana and across this great country touring schools and visiting classrooms, Opportunity scholarships provide students a hand up in improving their lives, their family’s lives, and their communities. That is why we have a moral obligation to pass this legislation and why I urge my colleagues to join me and join the others here on the floor in reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
great equalizer. It opens doors to unlimited possibilities and provides students the tools that they need to succeed in life. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
this time, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
today to support the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. 
10 years ago when he provided flexibility to Washington, D.C., children and their parents through School Choice. I believe that School Choice is paramount to increasing educational gains for all children, but especially our Nation’s students who are most in need. 
lowincome students to attend a private school, providing them an opportunity to access a quality education that would otherwise be out of reach. 
School Choice has proven to be successful in Washington, D.C., as students using their scholarships have a 90 percent graduation rate compared to the 58 percent graduation rate for D.C. public schools in 2013 and 2014. 
have been questioned, and we hope that the public schools are improving. But with this act would they actually be improving? 
up for School Choice by supporting the SOAR Act. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
to the editorial board comments from yesterday. This is from the Washington Post: A misguided attack on D.C.’s needy students. 
in this document here in this editorial, that eight council members seem unaware that the program was established in 2004 at the initiation of the thenD.C. Mayor Anthony Williams, 
who was also supported by the chairman of the Council’s Education Committee, and it has produced results. 
good, at roughly 90 percent, compared to D.C. public schools that are less than 60 percent. I think that is strong evidence that it is a winner, that it does provide a good opportunity for people, and that it should be reauthorized. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? 
from Utah has 6 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 6 minutes remaining. 
this time, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. BOEHNER ), the author of this piece 
of legislation and the distinguished Speaker of the House. 
thank my colleague for yielding, and thank all my colleagues who are supporting this legislation today. 
‘‘The Little Engine That Could.’’ What happened was that the train full of toys wanted to get over the mountain to get to the kids on the other side. The big engine said: No, I cannot. The rusty old engine said: No, I cannot. But the little engine says: I’m not very big, but I think I can. I think I can. 
Opportunity Scholarship Program has been the little engine that could. We started this back in 2003 with the help of D.C.’s Mayor at the time, Anthony Williams, and D.C. councilman Kevin Chavous. 
For years the government was promising the Moon to D.C. families and spending the Moon, essentially, but nothing changed. So we said: If we are going to support public schools and charter schools, let’s also give lowincome families the chance to apply for scholarships to attend the school of their choice. Let’s give them that power. 
Because if you have got the resources, you already have school choice. You can send your kids to whatever school you want to send them to. You can move from the neighborhood you are in to where they have got a better school. But if you are poor and you are stuck in a bad neighborhood and your child doesn’t have that chance or, frankly, any chance, they are just dead in the water. 
Well, the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program has been that little lifeline that could. All told, 6,100 students have escaped underperforming schools. In that time, the program has received some 16,000 applications. Last spring 90 percent of 12th graders using the Opportunity scholarships graduated and 
88 percent enrolled in a 2 or 4year college. Of the 1,400 students in the program this year, 87.4 percent would have been in a school that the government has identified as in need of improvement. 
dream of for their kids. And while it is my name on the bill, the best champions of this program are some of the most fearless kids you will ever see. 
the doubts of the education establishment, they also had to withstand efforts by some of the most powerful people in this city to kill this program. 
So today I am asking each of you to 
support H.R. 10, which reauthorizes this program for another 5 years. Here is why. Yes, this issue is personal to me and has been for a long time. But, frankly, it ought to be personal to every single Member of this body. 
make a good living here, owe something to the kids in this town. We owe these kids a fighting chance at success. 
So what I am asking you to do today 
is help these kids get over the mountain. Help us keep building the movement that could. Vote for H.R. 10. 
this program, these children would have been in bad neighborhood schools. Well, I think it must be noted that the District of Columbia has done more to make sure that those children are not trapped in such schools than any district I have yet read about or heard of. 
means the overwhelming number—of children stuck in neighborhood schools that they believe are not good schools go to the other side of town, if necessary, to a better school. Far from being trapped, they are encouraged to choose a better school. And I have also cited the 110 charter schools that increase their choices. 
know that many of the voucher parents whom I have met with—after all, they are my constituents—have said to me that they tried to get into one of our charter schools, but the waiting lists were too long, which is why they went to the voucher schools. 
voucher schools have no waiting list, but the D.C. charter schools and many of our public schools have waiting lists, so much so that D.C. has had to combine the public schools and the charter schools on one list in a lottery so that families can choose which school to go to. 
the aisle have a lottery that lets the children, the parents, choose the best school for them to go to? Do not dare tell me that the District of Columbia leaves children trapped in failing schools. It has gone out of its way to do just the opposite. 
And what does it get for it? The imposition by this body of yet another alternative. It is true that, a former 
mayor, who himself went to Catholic schools, said he was for vouchers. Well, Mr. Chairman, I ask you, then, since the District of Columbia has control of its own education apparatus, why hasn’t the District of Columbia set up its own voucher schools? Some other districts have done that. Because the majority, they don’t prefer vouchers, Mr. Chairman. 
from the District of Columbia has 2 minutes remaining. 
are many reasons why I oppose this bill. First, it has failed the goal that the Congress gave it. Bring these children’s test scores up. The public schools have brought their test scores up. The public charter schools have done even better in bringing their test scores up. These children’s test scores have not risen. 
Moreover, I can’t fail to note how recently the majority has cut K–12 by $2 billion while taking $100 million out of, obviously, education funds to fund a private school voucher bill. 
side of the aisle is for public charter schools, but I have supported public charter schools because my own constituents wanted and needed a way out of neighborhood schools very often. 
with home rule choices, this body is insisting on its choices, knowing full well that nobody in the District of Columbia can vote against their choices. 
And it says to the District of Columbia residents: No matter what you do, people, no matter how good your choices are, no matter how much you meet the standards we often talk about when it comes to choice, you, who have no vote on this floor, who will not vote on this bill when the bell rings in a few minutes, must do what we say. 
That, my good friends, is not a chapter in democracy. It shows once again that Republican do whatever they care to do to the District of Columbia, even when they reject the same choice for their own constituents, and vote down for their constituents what they now impose on mine. Just a few months ago, the House and Senate voted down vouchers, but today—today—they will vote to impose these same vouchers on the District of Columbia. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
think, obviously, somebody misspoke. The House did not vote on vouchers in this Congress. That is not what has happened. 
RECORD the letter we got from 500 families, D.C. residents, urging us in the adoption of this. 
diverse number of parents of children attending various schools within the District of Columbia. We write to urge your support of the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act (SOAR) (H.R. 10). 
which ensures our rights as parents to choose the best public, charter or private school for our children. It not only provides up to $20 million for Opportunity Scholarships for lowincome families to attend private schools, but also authorizes an additional $40 million per year for public and charter schools in the District of Columbia. This threesector initiative provides opportunities for all our children to succeed! 
families in the city have attended private schools through the Opportunity Scholarship Program over the past eleven years—88% coming from areas zoned for schools in need of improvement and 97% AfricanAmerican or Hispanic. These students graduate at rates 30 points higher than the city’s public schools and have a near 90 percent college enrollment rate. These are proven results! 
works in education. When we can choose the best public, charter, or private school for our children, there are not only more opportunities to engage in their education, but also for them to achieve greater academic excellence. These outcomes strengthen the city’s education system as a whole. 
funding all educational options are critically important for the city’s families, especially lowincome families served by the Opportunity Scholarship Program. No child should be denied a safe, quality education because of their family income or zip code. 
Stephanie Montgomery, Ms. Mary Montgomery, Ms. Nina Harris, Ms. Eboni Purvis, Ms. Juliette Randolph, Ms. Ashley Adams, Ms. Naa Borle Sakeyfio, Mrs. Mariama Bah, Ms. Mia Wilson, Mrs. Sherri Calhoun, Ms. Lamonica Jeffrey, Mr. Darrell Cousar, Mr. James Calhoun, Mr. Andrew Cyr, Ms. Kayann McCalla, Mrs. Aldrina Cabrera, Ms. Kiana Wright, Ms. Albertine Cole. 
Giovanna Grayson, Ms. Luciana Udeozor, Ms. Andrea Davis, Mrs. Obiagel nuelEjiofor, Mr. Emmanuel Ejiofor, Mr. Rogers Ferguson, Mr. Girma Mihretu, Ms. Molita Gaskins, Ms. Latoya Myers, Ms. Djenane Jeanty, Ms. Keona Lewis, Mrs. Nicole Knott, Mr. Rudy Knott, Mr. Hanna Boku, Mr. Rashawn McCain, Ms. Ann Mmayie, Ms. Rita Pineda, Mr. Okechukwu Mbarah. 
Shantel PowellMorgan, Mrs. Marguerita Ramos, Mrs. Muanza Sangamay, Ms. Felicia Thomas, Ms. Sydney Williams, Ms. Caren Kirkland, Mrs. Temitope Tayo, Mr. Anthony Ugorji, Ms. Natasha Tutt, Ms. Dina Bayou, Ms. Natasha Tutt, Mr. Calvin Wright, Mrs. Julia Ugorji, Mrs. Chinwe Mbarah, Mr. Souleymane Bah, Julie McLaughlin, Sheila Martinez, Susan Morais. 
Yohe, Carter Jefferson, Vincent Browning, Jonathan Bender, Peter Frantz, Ellen Graper, Elizabeth LeBras, Kiandra Willis, Robert McKeon, Marcela Price Souaya, Stephen Lennon, Aleasa ChilesFeggins, Sally Leakamariam, Juleanna Glover, Christopher Reiter, Cristina Khalaf, Tom Shea, Sean Vincent. 
Karen Brennan, Ceci Smith, Adrienne Vincent, Pedro Smith, Donna Gibson, Colleen Cavanagh, Chris Long, Aleasa Chiles Feggins, Mariela AlardonYohe, Jennifer Browning, Philippa Bender, Melanie Jefferson, Veronica Nyhan Jones, Michael 
Dupree, Morris Redd, Ron Josey, Susana RamosIzquierdo, Aimee Donahue. 
Mentor, Lisa Richa, James McLaughlin, Glenda Morales, Samuel Parker III, Clarence Jones, Leyla Y. Teos, Mavian Nouget, Kip Ross, Beatriz Lopez, Charles Malloy, Steve Trynosky, Carlos Aquino, Yanira Reyes, Nelly Romero, Sandra Huerta, Eboni Curry, Amanda Lawrence. 
Aguirre, Julie Corsig, Andy Corsig, Alan Joaquin, Stephen Connors, Colton Campbell, Amy Dean, Flavio Cumpiano, John Menditto, Michelle Theic, Liza Figueroa, Shenelle Henry, Glenda Urquilla, Kelly Brown, Maria Granados, Catie Malloy, Ingrid Mejia, Jill Trynosky. 
Easil, Jessica Martinez, Beatriz Jansen, Juan Carlos Acajabon Mendez, Betiel Zekarias, Maria Torres, Carrie Hillegass, Mike Hillegass, Barbara Richitt, Victoria Connors, Kiandra Willis, Marilyn Campbell, Bob Dean, Felice Goodwin, Shanti Stanton, Molly Robert, Jen MacLennan, Michael Grady. 
Reyes, Salvador Hernandez, Rob Grabarz, Bentley Storm, Molly Bruno, Jennifer Leonard, Geoff Morrell, Christy Reap, Genet Demisse, Javier Aguirre, Neil McGrail, Kai Schmitz, Jimmy Kemp, Kathy Hagerup, Stephanie McGovern, Yohannes Z. Hadgu, Thomas Fitton, Melinda Johnson. 
Goodwin, Daphne de Souza, Darren MacLennan, Alexandra Walsh, Andrew Blume, Greg Talbot, Darren Jansen, Susan Tanis, Sarah Grabarz, Ashley Storm, Jaclyn Madden, Barton Leonard, Ann Morrell, Pat Reap, Jana Patterson, Barbara Swaboda, Stephanie McGrail, Adriana Schmitz. 
Susan Kemp, Brian Crowley, John McGovern, Michael Scanlon, Kelly Fitton, Bassam Khalaf, John Nahazar, John McAllister, Marc Sozio, Tyson Redpath, Laverne Lightbourne, Nick Milano, Trisha Corcoran, Eleanor Hopkins, Liza Lindenberg, Katie Krantz, John Morrissey, Joe Patterson, Chima Oluigbo, Sonia Cruz. 
Richa, Nick Saunders, Stephen Sexton, Thomas Faust, Meg Molloy, Michelle Wolf, Bruce Cormier, Ryan Angier, Jen Rowan, Lauren Buckley, Collin Cullen, Mary Santiviago, Kelly Sozio, Renee Redpath, Kevin Madden, Susan Milano, Joe Corcoran, Mary Glaser McCahan. 
Morrissey, Courtney Knowles, Nnenna Oluigbo, Robert CruzReyes, Lydia Dolan, Lauren Lennon, Tom Knight, Joe Beemsterboer, Sarah Sexton, Larisa Faust, Jim Molloy, Kristin Lindquist, Sarah Cormier, Katreena Vigil Pineda, Mike Rowan, Mark Buckley, Brenda Cullen, Sergio Santiviago, Gary Fabiano. 
Deerin, Kelly Stanton, Art Frye, John McGill, Mike Bruno, Matt Ritz, Margaret Bond, Billy MacArtee, Anthony Puglisi, Monica Micklos, Tim Yost, Ray Powers, Chris Dolan, Darrell Clark, Chris Connolly, Joni Veith, Courtney Taylor, Athena Meyers. 
Barth, Sam Depoy, Jung Kang, Connie Fabiano, David McGuffin, Michelle Costa, JB Deerin, Mike Stanton, Barbara Frye, Stephanie McGill, Anne Zorc, Erin Ritz, Chris Delaney, Elena MacArtee, Laura Puglisi, Jeff Micklos, Liz Yost, Tom Hohman. 
Connolly, Tom Veith, Jay Taylor, Greg Meyers, Shannon Corless, Stefan Hagerup, Woo Lee, Marty Depoy, Stephanie O’Leary, Susan O’Keefe, Luwam Berhane, Patti Exposito, 
Michael Henry, Dan Hickey, Carmen Burducea, Joseph Finnegan, Michael Hyatte, Peter Komives. 
Justin Glasgow, Bernardo Ahlbom, Mark Emery, Doug Skomy, Stephen Grimberg, Brendan Delaney, John DiMartino, Jeffrey MacKinnon, Hirut Teklu, Erika Lopez Padilla, Michelle Marshall, Abebe Kebede, Shayla Mack, Tesfaye Bune, Michael O’Keefe, Daniel McCahan, Lorenzo Exposito. 
Burducea, Elizabeth Finnegan, Theresa Hyatte, Irina Komives, Julia Stogoski, Michelle Dombo, Lisa Madden, Megan Glasgow, Tatiana Ahlborn, Celina Emery, Mary Skorny, Christina Grimberg, Celine Delaney, Ginny Treanor, Gail MacKinnon, Mekuria Gebremichael Bint, Renee LopezPadilla, Emebet Worku. 
Etsegent Demissie, Sri Winarti, Denisha Dempster, Demssie Gebremedhin, Alembanchi Taye, Tezita Woldegebriel, Tesfaye Abebu Bune, Magie Maling, Jessica Cabrera, LaShawn Debnam, Barbara Destry, Jaanai Johnson, Hewan Abera, Siddiq Anderson, Markina Bailey, Odessa Brown, Rosa Caiza Maldonado, Sharon Coffey. 
Fekadu, Dana Grinage, Sandra Hall, Lakia Harris, Shirlene Jackson, Francine Johnson, Nicole Johnson, Rajeeyah Burks, Mohamad Nugroho, Woinishet Gelete, Johnny Kassa, Cynthia Downes, Genet Tirksso, Wosen Admasu, Sara Caceres, Johanna Rizo Martinez, Nikita Pray, Estela Arellano. 
Sagrario Agaton, Mary Addae, Ruth Barnwell, Meka Burch, Sherri Calhoun, Catrice Coleman, Barbara Cunningham, Lashawn Durant, Moanick Fenner, Michelle Glover, Carmen HallAli, Deborah Jackson, Darlene Johnson, Denise Johnson, Wendy Jones, Michael Jones, Alfreda Judd, Lynetta McClam, Adrienne Miles, Claudia Moreno. 
Poindexter, Erin Skinner, Felicia Thomas, Sharon Waller, Lanita Wood, Ms. Myeshia Johnson, Ms. Venete Eason, Ms. Kanita Washington, Mrs. Barbara Graham, Sophie Alozie, Blanca Magarin, Jeanine Henderson Lebbie, William Walker, IV, Tigistu Zewdie, Sydonie Fisher, William James, Akwilina Perry, Monalisa Reno. 
Matthews, Cecilia Mensah, Tonya Moore, Priscilla Moultrie, Carolina Novoa, Deborah M. Parker, Michelle Roberts, Sandra Stackhouse, Leslie Void, Varnell Washington, Ms. Kitty Dawson, Ms. Mia Butler, Ms. Tiana Robinson, Mrs. Jill Gelman, Nejat Teman, Nathaniel Garbla, Tefaye Tamire, Patrice Aubrey. 
Dwishnicka Randolph, Nicole Wood, Erica Iweanoge, Amanda BrownParks, James Parker, Teata Sanders, Samora St. Firmin, Dionne Clemons, Vernessa Perry, Donald Matthews, Tashana Ellis, Donita Adams, Caroline Beruchan, Steven Garrison, Ms. Holly Destry, Ms. Victoria Heimbold, Mr. Solomon Weldeghebriel, Ms. Jamil Raspberry. 
Bacon, Jill Wright, Cathy Falk, Chanda Foreman, Colleen Scheidel, Kenny Stack, Juliette Randolph, Barbara Andercheck, Indra Thomas, Dog Harvey, Darah Tracy, Ginger Beverly, Tonya Wright, Brandon Winder, Antilecia O’Neal, Uanna Ferguson, Aster Robi, Bernadette Aniekwe. 
Reyes, Ms. Ingrid Lucas, Ms. Stephanie Goodloe, Mrs. Helen Andemariam, Michael Thomasian, Neslyn Moore, Judy Steele, Kathleen Downey, Judith Home, Niamh O’Mahoney, Arleen Hall, Bobby Rienzo, Teresa Fitzgerald, LaShawne Thomas, Sarah 
Kane, Frank Washington, Mary Ann Welter, Shawn Hunter, Leslie Sherrill. 
Gray, Latasha Monnique Jones Ward, Anthony Speight, Deborah B. Jones, Kim Atwater, Alvena P. Toland, Loretta Henry, Marilyn Sharpe, Davon Wilson, Sherry Bryant, Elroy Black, Lisa Newman, Shakia Henderson, Octavia Powell, Anita M. Harris, Krestin Clay, Laneka Brakett, Ana Acedo Garcia. 
Thompson, Donald Lampkins, Renard Hawkins, Tammy Williams, Tynisha Dunn, Jovanna Bailey, Latasha Johon, Bobby Perry, Shalita Knight, Keyana Howard, Kenneth Meredith, Calep Epps, Ty’ron Byers, Chase Blakney, Curtis Watts, Kishara Odom, Jeffrey Corry, Antonia Payne. 
Tanya Lambright, Elaine E. Harris, Elbert Laker, Ryan Storr, Sylvester Bynum, Lavelle Lamb, Dominique Johnson, Paulette Willims, Martasha Fermine, Oyhani Williams, Nasir McKeiver, Kenneth Wood, Neta Vaught, Mary Joyner, Michelle L. McIntyre, Kaitlin Gallagher, Will E. Henderson, Jeanette Hubbard, Ontavia Lynch, Tasha McKenzie, James R. Wills, Jr. 
Washington Post editorial from yesterday, ‘‘A Misguided Attack on D.C.’s Needy Students,’’ actually supporting this. 
Is the federally funded scholarship program for poor D.C. families being forced on an unwilling city? It is safe to say that thousands of D.C. parents whose children are on the waiting list for a scholarship do not think so. Nor, we would venture, do the 6,100 children, predominantly minorities, who have used the scholarships to attend private schools. For that matter, students in the city’s public schools who have benefited from the infusion of federal dollars that has accompanied the voucher program probably would not embrace the argument either. 
think they are helping as they urge Congress to kill this program? 
council members will succeed in inflicting this wound on their city. Congress appears poised to reauthorize the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program, which provides needy students with up to $12,572 to pay for tuition, fees and transportation to a school of their choice. The average family income for participating families is less than $22,000. A bill extending the program for five years and championed by outgoing House Speaker John A. Boehner (R–Ohio) is set for a floor vote Wednesday, while a bipartisan group of senators has filed a companion bill that would continue the program through 2025. 
the voucher program, which, despite the specious claims of critics, has improved outcomes for its students without taking a dime from regular public schools. 
has brought more than $600 million to D.C. schools, with traditional public schools receiving $239 million, charter public schools $195 million and the voucher program $183 million. At stake for fiscal 2016 is an additional $45 million. It is fantasy to think there would be additional monies absent vouchers. 
bottom line is this program produces results. I like the variety of choices. And the Delegate has been a real champion for charter schools, and I applaud her for that, I support her in that. But the reality is the scholarships that we are talking about here, the Opportunity scholarships, have yielded the best results with nearly 90 percent graduation rates and roughly 88 percent of the people then going on to college. Those are amazing statistics. 
comments. I have heard everything from misguided, idiotic, disgraceful, weakens, underfunded. Underfunded? Underfunded? That is offensive to us from Utah. We happen to have the lowest per pupil funding in the entire United States. We are not proud of that fact. But the reality is we get roughly $6,500 per student, where in Washington, D.C. you get about $19,500 per student. It is not even close. And yet here we are championing and trying to help give more money, more resources, to what are underperforming students and giving them more choices. 
consider is if the Congress does support this bill, does pass this bill, it is appropriated, would anybody on the Democratic side of the aisle actually recommend that the city not take the money? 
If it is so idiotic, if it is so awful, if 
it is so derogatory, if it is so negative, then why not cut it off right now? See, they want to continue to allow it to 
happen for those who have scholarships now because they know it is working, and they could never look those parents in the eye and take it away; but they are going to deny that choice to future generations where we know there has been demonstrable success. 
and what he has done to champion this bill. I think it is a good bill. With that, I urge the adoption of this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, today, I will 
vote against H.R. 10, which would continue a flawed program that pursues a partisan ideology at the expense of a child’s quality education. 
D.C.’s private school voucher program, the only program in the country using federal money to send children to private and religious schools. The SOAR voucher program was a five year pilot set to expire in 2008. Despite four studies by the Department of Education and two General Accountability Office (GAO) reports concluding that the program wasn’t working, Republicans in Congress are doubling down by allowing taxpayer dollars to prop up unaccredited, and even unsafe, schools. The last thing we need, as our students fall further behind their international peers, are voucher schools operating in relative isolation, free of oversight for curriculum, quality or management. 
SOAR is the only program of its kind for a 
reason—there’s no way our states would tolerate such nonsense. Sadly, because D.C. has not been freed from the partisan grips of Congress, it has become commonplace to see House Republicans impose their politics on D.C., despite widespread citizen and local government objection, from women’s health care to marijuana reform to street design. There’s justification for a program that funnels millions of dollars into a program shown to be ineffective and strongly opposed by the people that should matter—the parents, the educators, and taxpayers who support the system. 
constitutional protections of civil rights: federal funds can flow to schools that do not meet the federal standards to prevent discrimination against disabled persons, persons of color, persons of a religious group, women, or any other protected class. The SOAR Act is a sad step backward for education policy, civil rights, and good governance, and I strongly oppose it. 
speak in opposition to H.R. 10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act. 
H.R. 10 would reauthorize the District of Columbia private school voucher program, the Opportunity Scholarship Program (OSP), for five years through 2021. 
for Opportunity and Results Act, which provides Federal support for improving traditional 
public schools in the District of Columbia (D.C.), expanding and improving highquality D.C. public charter schools, and offering private school vouchers to a limited number of students. 
strongly oppose the private school vouchers program within this legislation, known as the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
self determination of the residents of DC by not forcing education policy onto children or their families at taxpayer expense. 
demonstrates that D.C. vouchers have not yielded statistically significant improvements in student achievement by scholarship recipients compared to other students not receiving vouchers. 
voucher program to a new population of students previously attending private schools. Instead of using Federal resources to support a handful of students in private schools, the Federal Government should focus its attention and available resources on improving the quality of public schools for all students. 
Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform printed in the bill are adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act’’ or the ‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act’’. 
Reform Act, which granted the District of Columbia the authority to create public charter schools and gave parents greater educational options for their children. 
of the District of Columbia, the chairman of the DC Council Education Committee, and community activists, Congress passed the DC School Choice Incentive Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–199; 118 Stat. 126), to provide opportunity scholarships to parents of students in the District of Columbia to enable them to pursue a highquality education at a private elementary or secondary school of their choice. 
funding arrangement when it reauthorized the DC OSP and passed the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results (SOAR) Act (division C of Public Law 112–10) with bipartisan support. 
passed the DC School Choice Incentive Act of 2003, students in the District of Columbia ranked 52 out of 52 States (including the Department of Defense schools). Since that time, the District of Columbia has made significant gains in mathematics and reading. However, students in the District of Columbia still rank in the bottom three States out of 52 States. According to the 2013 fourth grade math NAEP results, 34 percent of students are below basic, 38 percent are at basic, and 28 percent are at proficient or advanced. The 2013 fourth grade reading results found that 50 percent of fourth grade students in the District of Columbia are at or below basic, 27 percent are at basic, and 23 percent are proficient or advanced. 
there has been strong demand for the program by parents and the citizens of the District of Columbia. In fact, 74 percent of District of Columbia residents support continuing the program (based on the Lester & Associates February 2011 Poll). 
satisfaction has remained high. The program has also been found to result in significantly higher graduation rates for those students who have received and used their opportunity scholarships. 
in the District of Columbia important educational alternatives while public schools are improved. The program should continue to be reauthorized as part of a threepart comprehensive funding strategy for the District of Columbia school system providing equal funding for public schools, public charter schools, and opportunity scholarships for students to attend private schools. 
to amend the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act to provide lowincome parents residing in the District of Columbia with expanded educational opportunities for enrolling their children in other schools in the District of Columbia, and provide resources to support educational reforms for District of Columbia Public Schools and District of Columbia public charter schools. 
member of the control group used by the Institute of Education Sciences to carry out previous evaluations of the program under section 3009. 
semicolon at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, or whether such students have, in the past, attended a private school;’’. 
on school employees who have direct and unsupervised interaction with students; and 
and information regarding the reporting requirements described in section 3010.’’. 
‘‘(ii) In the case of a school that, as of the 
‘‘(II) not later than 5 years after the date 
an accrediting body that the school’s application for accreditation is in process and that the school will be awarded accreditation before the end of such period. 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a school that, as of the 
‘‘(II) not later than 5 years after the school 
‘‘(III) the school meets all of the other requirements for participating schools under this Act. 
about the entity’s program under this Act, and assisting parents through the application process under this Act, including— 
students in meeting expenses that might otherwise preclude the participation of eligible students in the program; and 
the Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education to evaluate annually the opportunity scholarship program under this Act; 
monitor and evaluate the use of funds authorized and appropriated for the District of Columbia Public Schools and the District of Columbia public charter schools under this Act; and 
experimental research design for determining the effectiveness of the opportunity scholarship program under this Act which does not use a control study group consisting of students who applied for but who did not receive opportunity scholarships; and 
‘‘(ii) on students and schools in the District of Columbia. 
Act in expanding choice options for parents of participating eligible students and increasing the satisfaction of such parents and 
eligible students choose for their children to participate in the program, including important characteristics for selecting schools. 
rates, college persistence rates, and college graduation rates of students who participated in the program in 2004, 2005, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015 as the result of winning the Opportunity Scholarship Program lottery with the rates of students who entered but did not win such lottery in those years and who, as a result, served as the control group for previous evaluations of the program under this Act. 
is not attending a public elementary school or secondary school, personally identifiable information may not be disclosed outside of the group of individuals carrying out the evaluation for such student or the group of individuals providing information for carrying out the evaluation of such student, other than to 
and as a component of the new evaluations, the Secretary shall continue to monitor and evaluate the students who were evaluated in the most recent evaluation under such section prior to the enactment of this Act, along with their corresponding test scores and other information. 
with respect to the funds provided under this Act for the support of District of Columbia public charter schools: 
provided for any fiscal year, or any portion thereof, to the Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia (OSSE). 
subgrantees who are specific District of Columbia public charter schools or networks of such schools or who are District of Columbiabased nonprofit organizations with experience in successfully providing support or assistance to District of Columbia public charter schools or networks of schools. 
District of Columbia public charter school in good standing with the District of Columbia Charter School Board (Board), and the OSSE and Board may not restrict the availability 
of the funds to certain types of schools on 
the basis of the school’s location, governing body, or any other characteristic.’’. 
schools under such Act meet fire code standards and maintain certificates of occupancy. 
apply with respect to school year 2016–2017 and each succeeding school year. 
amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–300. Each further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CHAFFETZ  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–300. 
as a lowachieving school according to the Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia’’ and insert ‘‘identified as one of the lowestperforming schools under the District of Columbia’s accountability system’’. 
Page 10, beginning line 25, strike ‘‘, or by 
any other accrediting body determined appropriate by the District of Columbia Office of the State Superintendent for Schools for the purpose of accrediting an elementary or secondary school’’. 
as a lowachieving school according to the Office of the State Superintendent of Education of the District of Columbia’’ and insert ‘‘identified as one of the lowestperforming schools under the District of Columbia’s accountability system’’. 
Page 18, line 10, strike ‘‘evaluate’’ and insert ‘‘report on’’. 
and insert ‘‘as well as the rates’’. Page 21, line 22, after the period add the 
Page 25, beginning line 20, strike ‘‘may direct the funds provided for any fiscal year, or any portion thereof,’’ and insert ‘‘shall direct the funds provided for any fiscal year’’. 
House Resolution 480, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
manager’s amendment that I am offering makes small technical changes to the bill. 
term ‘‘low achieving schools’’ for ‘‘lowest performing schools,’’ which corresponds to the language used by the District of Columbia on this topic. 
that the Secretary of Education and the Mayor of the District of Columbia will monitor and report on the use of funds authorized by this bill. 
Third, the amendment clarifies reporting requirements in the bill to protect students against arbitrary exclusion from the program. 
Secretary of Education to direct funding for public charter schools to the District’s Office of the State Superintendent of Education. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a good amendment that reflects the ongoing conversations with the District of Columbia regarding this bill. I urge its adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
Louisiana). Without objection, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I actually agree with the chairman, and the chairman has consulted with us on these changes, which are technical in nature. 
I do not oppose this amendment. Indeed, I want to thank our chairman for working with us before this committee markup on this bill on some additional technical changes. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate working with the Delegate. It is a good working relationship. We have our opposition from time to time, but she did work with us in this way, and I appreciate her support of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–300. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
Add at the end of section 6 the following 
Page 18, strike line 23 and all that follows 
through page 19, line 5 and insert the following: 
Page 20, strike lines 4 through 9 and insert 
House Resolution 480, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) and a Member opposed each 
The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. 
pass, and I am sure it is offered with the best of intentions. Therefore, I want to work with him and with Members and with those in the Senate who support vouchers to provide much needed oversight for the millions in 
Federal dollars in this bill. It is in that 
spirit that I offer a twopart amendment, and both parts are entirely consistent with the underlying bill. 
The Government Accountability Office, the GAO, said in 2007 and again in 2013 that the voucher program lacks quality control, transparency, and information. 
amendment restores the scientific integrity of the program’s evaluation, copied from prior authorizations of this bill, and the second prohibits voucher mills, not our accredited Catholic schools, which are attended by most of our children, but their competition for vouchers—a small, but significant, number of private schools that would not exist but for this Federal funding. 
evaluation of the program’s effectiveness that Congress has required since the program was created in 2004—and I am quoting from Congress—‘‘to be conducted using the strongest possible research design.’’ 
evaluation to be conducted using ‘‘an acceptable quasiexperimental research design that actually prohibits the more scientific randomized controlled trial Congress mandated in prior authorizations.’’ 
evaluation said that randomized controlled trials ‘‘are especially important in the context of School Choice because families wanting to apply for a Choice program may have educational goals and aspirations that differ from the average family’s.’’ 
the first time that schools be accredited, but it gives unaccredited schools 5 years, along with the grace period of a year, to become accredited. 
would allow existing and new unaccredited schools to accept voucher students well into the decade. The 50 percent cap that my amendment proposes at least would ensure that voucher schools would ultimately be eliminated. 
participating voucher schools had more than 80 percent of their enrollment from voucher students. A Washington Post investigation found one school where voucher students comprised 93 percent of the total. 
need for the ongoing evaluation of the program’s effectiveness by requiring a study of this bill, but after the mandated study showed that vouchers did not improve student achievement, the majority took care of that by watering down the mandated evaluation. 
prohibits flybynight, often storefront school voucher bills by eliminating the percentage of voucher students in the school to 50 percent of the school’s total enrollment. No current voucher student or sibling would be affected by the cap. My amendment would disqualify so 
called voucher mills, a small, but significant, number of schools that cannot survive without government funding, most of which sprang up in lowincome neighborhoods after the program was created to get unrestricted Federal funds. 
voucher funds—our fully accredited Catholic schools or other parochial and private schools—have to share the available funding with voucher mills of low quality? The way to eliminate these unaccredited schools, which are unworthy of our students, is to require that their enrollment not consist primarily of voucher students. 
investigation, entitled, ‘‘Quality controls lacking for D.C. schools accepting Federal vouchers,’’ be included in the RECORD . 
Congress created the nation’s only federally funded school voucher program in the District to give the city’s poorest children a chance at a better education than their neighborhood schools offer. 
hundreds of students use their voucher dollars to attend schools that are unaccredited or are in unconventional settings, such as a familyrun K–12 school operating out of a storefront, a Nation of Islam school based in a converted Deanwood residence, and a school built around the philosophy of a Bulgarian psychotherapist. 
At a time when public schools face increasing demands for accountability and transparency, the 52 D.C. private schools that receive millions of federal voucher dollars are subject to few quality controls and offer widely disparate experiences, the Post found. 
Some of these schools are heavily dependent on tax dollars, with more than 90 percent of their students paying with federal vouchers. 
Yet the government has no say over curriculum, quality or management. And parents trying to select a school have little independent information, relying mostly on marketing from the schools. 
that manages the D.C. vouchers on behalf of the federal government calls quality control ‘‘a blind spot.’’ 
‘‘We’ve raised the question of quality oversight of the program as sort of a dead zone, a blind spot,’’ said Ed Davies, interim executive director of the D.C. Children and Youth Investment Trust Corp. ‘‘Currently, we don’t have that authority. It doesn’t exist.’’ 
D.C. voucher program eight years ago to demonstrate the schoolchoice concepts that the party has been espousing since the 1950s. Vouchers were once thought to be moribund, but came roaring to life in 2010 in states where Republicans took control. Fourteen states have created voucher programs or expanded existing ones in recent years. 
Some states, such as Wisconsin, now include middleclass families in their voucher programs. Other states, including Virginia, have begun indirectly steering public dollars to private schools by offering tax credits to those who donate to scholarship funds. 
against the idea of routing state dollars from public to private schools. Legal challenges are pending in Colorado and Indiana. In the 
November elections, Florida voters rejected a ballot amendment that would have permitted tax dollars to flow to religious institutions, including parochial schools. That would have enabled the state to revive a voucher program that had been declared unconstitutional in 2006 by its highest court. Yet Florida continues to offer vouchers for disabled students who want to attend private schools and awards tax credits to corporations that donate to privateschool scholarship programs. 
have provided many children with an education at wellestablished private schools that otherwise would have been out of reach, and their parents rave about the opportunity. Of the 1,584 District students now receiving vouchers, more than half attend Catholic schools and a handful are enrolled at prestigious independent schools such as Sidwell Friends, where President Obama sends his daughters. 
D.C. program found ‘‘no conclusive evidence’’ that the vouchers improved math and reading test scores for those students who left their public schools. 
The study, released by the U.S. Department of Education in 2010, found that voucher students were more likely to graduate than peers without vouchers, based on data collected from families. And parents reported that their children were safer attending the private schools, though the students themselves perceived no difference. 
voucher program this year. Since 2004, the federal government has appropriated $133 million for the program. 
program don’t have to disclose the number of voucher students they enroll or how much public money they receive, and many declined to release such information to The Post. 
scores and take action when they don’t meet goals, private schools participating in the D.C. voucher program are insulated from 
standardized test, but can choose the type. Those scores are not made public, and schools can stay in the voucher program no matter how their students fare. 
to hold a certificate of occupancy and employ teachers who are college graduates, but they do not have to be accredited. The Post found that at least eight of the 52 schools are not accredited. 
Parents, not the government, should determine a school’s quality, according to Kevin Smith, a spokesman for House Speaker John A. Boehner (ROhio), a proud product of Catholic schools who designed the voucher program. ‘‘Our belief is that parents—when provided appropriate information—will select the best learning environment for their children,’’ he wrote in an email. 
40 percent of students receive vouchers, principal Mary Elizabeth Blaufuss agrees. ‘‘The question is, to what extent do we trust parents to make educational decisions for their kids?’’ she said. 
Santa Carballo knew little about the Academia de la Recta Porta before enrolling her daughter, Emma, through the voucher program. She chose it because it was across the street from the Catholic school for boys that her son attends, also with a voucher, and it seemed better than a neighborhood public school that has failed for years to meet achievement targets. 
‘‘It’s more intelligent. And it’s religious, it’s good. I’m so happy.’’ 
Academia charges $7,100 a year and occupies a sootstained storefront between a halal meat shop and an evening wear boutique on a busy stretch of Georgia Avenue NW near the Maryland line. 
The K–12 school consists of two classrooms. A drum set and keyboard are stowed in a corner for music class; for gym, students travel nearly two miles down Georgia Avenue to the city’s Emery Recreation Center. 
unaccredited school 13 years ago. He is the pastor of the associated church, she is the school director, their daughter is a teacher and their grandson is a student. 
her 70 students receive vouchers. If the program were to end, the Academia would ‘‘have to stretch with fundraising’’ to continue operating, she said. 
qualify for food stamps or meet other income requirements. 
Through the D.C. program, the federal government pays about $8,000 a year for each elementary school student and $12,000 for high schoolers. That’s less than the $18,000 a year it costs to educate one child in the D.C. Public Schools. Many of the participating private schools do not offer costly services for children with disabilities, who make up about 18 percent of the DCPS school population. 
tuition at most Catholic schools, which enroll about 52 percent of D.C. voucher students. But they pay only a fraction of costs at elite institutions such as the Sheridan School in Northwest D.C., where charges can reach about $30,000 a year. 
grade who is attending Sheridan with a voucher and financial aid from the school. ‘‘It’s wonderful,’’ said Berhane, an immigrant from Eritrea who works in a daycare center. ‘‘We could never afford this.’’ 
Washington International School each have one voucher student, the Academy for Ideal Education depends almost entirely on the federal program. 
school more than two decades ago, aiming to provide a nurturing environment with small classes and a learning model known as ‘‘Suggestopedia,’’ a philosophy of learning developed by Bulgarian psychotherapist Georgi Lozanov that stresses learning through music, stretching and meditation. JonesImaan melds that philosophy with an Africanflavored approach that includes students addressing teachers as ‘‘Mama’’ and ‘‘Baba,’’ honorifics meaning mother and father. 
charter school, Ideal Academy, based on the same educational philosophy, in 1999. She served on the board for more than a decade. 
Last year, the D.C. Public Charter School Board threatened to close it because of chronic poor performance. Ideal Academy agreed to shutter its high school, which had a particularly poor record, in order to keep its lower grades open. The preschool–8th grade Ideal Academy was classified as ‘‘inadequate’’ this year by the city’s charter officials, which means it could be closed if it doesn’t improve. 
Education continues on. More than 90 percent of its approximately 60 students are paying the $11,400 tuition with vouchers, JonesImaan said. ‘‘If this program were to end, this school would end,’’ she said. While some schools have libraries, art studios and athletic fields, the Muhammad University of Islam occupies the second floor of a former residence east of the Anacostia River. The unaccredited K–8 school is supported by the Nation of Islam, according to director Stephanie Muhammad. 
vouchers. Few of the others can afford the $5,335 annual tuition, Muhammad said. They are asked to help defray tuition by raising funds. Last month, they sold pizzas. This month, it’s coffee and tea. 
were perhaps once bedrooms. On the walls are posters of Louis Farrakhan, the controversial leader of the Nation of Islam. 
On a recent visit, the only bathroom in the 
school had a floor blackened with dirt and a sink coated in grime. The bathtub was filled with paint cans and cleaning supplies concealed by a curtain. 
that the bathroom is used only in emergencies, and students typically use a restroom on the floor below in a daycare center that she had previously described as unrelated to the school. 
member and now a senior adviser to American Federation for Children, which lobbies for voucher programs nationwide, said schools receiving public funds should meet quality standards. But supporters of the D.C. program have been focused on overcoming political challenges, he said. 
measures in all these programs,’’ Chavous said. ‘‘Our biggest challenge has been the constant threats to shut this down before we can even measure the schools.’’ 
Since Congress created the voucher program in 2004, Boehner and Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman (IConn.) have regularly wrestled with Democrats over its fate. Republicans and Lieberman want to expand the program; Democrats want to phase it out. 
to all children—not just a few—which is why the Obama administration does not believe vouchers are the answer to America’s educational challenges,’’ said Justin Hamilton, a spokesman for Education Secretary Arne Duncan. 
Still, the program has offered some children a crucial path out of troubled city schools. 
homeless when she learned about the voucher program. She obtained vouchers for both her daughters and enrolled them at the Calvary Christian Academy, which she credits with providing her children a secure, caring and consistent environment as she pulled her life together. 
voucher program that allowed her daughters to attend the academy. ‘‘The atmosphere, the education, and it’s also a Christian school. They taught my girls.’’ 
Now, Johnson is employed, newly remarried and living with her daughters in a condominium on Capitol Hill. Her older daughter, Tabitha, is applying to colleges. 
‘‘She’ll be the first to go in the family,’’ 
give these schools the Federal Government’s seal of approval. Considering 
that the purpose of the voucher program is to improve student achievement, voucher bills are inconsistent with the congressional intent and should not be enabled with Federal funds or get the Federal imprimatur. 
I appreciate that the majority indicated in committee and also on this floor that they, too, oppose voucher mills and are willing to work with me on this issue. I hope to continue to work with the majority as the bill moves forward in order to eliminate voucher bills, which surely no Member supports. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
is the same amendment that Delegate NORTON offered to the bill during 
markup, but it was rejected by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
The amendment would cap the enrollment of OSP students, the Opportunity Scholarship Program, at 50 percent of the school’s population without affecting current voucher students or siblings. The amendment would also restore the randomized controlled study requirement. 
opportunity and choice. Parents should be able to choose the best schools for their children, and private schools should have the flexibility to determine whether or not to enroll OSP students. 
that students maintain quality standards. In fact, I share it. That is why H.R. 10 requires participating OSP schools to achieve accreditation no later than 5 years after the passage of the act. This is a more effective way to ensure the quality than by arbitrarily excluding students from the program. 
process required by H.R. 10 will ensure education and administrative quality control. The process will help weed out poor performers from this program without setting a cap on OSP student enrollment. 
evaluation, this is unnecessary for the OSP. The OSP has been rigorously evaluated using the Gold Standard since 2003, and it has demonstrated positive results. The Gold Standard Evaluation, using a randomized controlled evaluation, deliberately limits participation in the program. 
student applicants received scholarships while other student applicants were placed in a control group that did not receive scholarships. Given the OSP’s proven success under this standard, it is time to allow as many students to receive scholarships as funding permits. 
note that the bill does not forsake evaluation. Instead, the bill requires the OSP students’ performance base to be compared to that of students of similar backgrounds of the D.C. public schools. The evaluation method means no more students will be barred from a good education through OSP for the sake of the experiment. 
Mr. Chairman, on average, 2.5 students apply for each scholarship that is ultimately awarded. We should be focused on meeting the demand for access to a good education rather than arbitrarily limiting students’ ability to succeed. 
amendment, which would unnecessarily exclude children from the educational opportunities they desire and deserve. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana) having assumed 
the chair, Mr. A LLEN , Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 480, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with a further amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
the bill H.R. 10 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Add at the end of section 6 the following 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) is 
this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
Democratic motion to recommit that would protect the civil rights of students at schools that receive vouchers by requiring the schools to certify that they provide each student with all applicable civil rights protections. 
question multiple Federal civil rights protections and turns a blind eye to the governmentfunded discrimination. For example, religious schools that accept vouchers are permitted to discriminate on the basis of religion in hiring, a violation of traditional principles prohibiting discrimination based on religion when using Federal money. 
schools are part of a ministry of the sponsoring church, and these schools either cannot or will not separate the religious content from their academic programs. So it is impossible to prevent a publicly funded voucher program for paying for these institutions’ religious activities and education. 
vouchers are allowed to discriminate based on gender in admissions, a violation of the principles of title IX. 
based on religion or sex, the D.C. voucher program also raises serious concerns about the civil rights of students with disabilities. IDEA requires that schools that receive Federal IDEA funds provide appropriate education to all students with disabilities, but at least one study found that the schools that accept D.C. vouchers serve students with disabilities at a much lower rate than public schools. 
with disabilities is just one of the shortcomings of the D.C. voucher program, but another issue is the performance of the school. A 2010 Department of Education report concluded that the use of a voucher had no statistically significant impact on overall student achievement in math or reading. 
Additional studies found that students from schools in need of improvement have shown no improvement in math or reading due to the voucher program. Furthermore, participating in the voucher program had no impact on student safety, satisfaction, motivation, or engagement. 
Mr. Speaker, many of those who actually won a voucher cannot use them because the voucher does not cover the full cost of attending a private or religious school. As a result, many who win a voucher find that they cannot use it because they can’t afford the remaining cost of the education. So studies have confirmed that fewer than 25 percent of the students who use the vouchers are from schools that were ‘‘in need of improvement.’’ 
counts. It violates principles of traditional civil rights laws, it makes no improvement on student achievement, and it fails to reach the very children it was designed to help. 
Our public schools need more funding, not less. Rather than funnel taxpayer funding to private or religious schools that lack civil rights protections and fail to meet the goals of helping the right students, we should focus our efforts on initiatives that will result in overall improvement of the educational system for all of our students. 
support our children by supporting this motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
one of my favorite people in this body. I have the greatest respect. His perspective is one that I often share. 
here, because I do urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this motion to recommit, that we had a field hearing in May. We have had good debate. We had a good markup. 
bill in the fall. I think it is time to bring up this bill. So we have never had this issue ever brought to my attention as chairman of the committee. 
3008, Nondiscrimination and Other Requirements for Participating Schools— I will read just point A. 
school participating in any program under this division shall not discriminate against program participants or applicants on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex.’’ 
the gentleman and anybody else on these issues moving forward, but I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 240, nays 191, not voting 3, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
MAKING IN ORDER CONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGE ON H.R. 1735 
ask unanimous consent that if a veto message on H.R. 1735 is laid before the House, then after the message is read and the objections of the President are spread at large upon the Journal, further consideration of the veto message and the bill shall be postponed until the legislative day of Thursday, November 5, 2015; and that on that legislative day, the House shall proceed to the constitutional question of reconsideration and dispose of such question without intervening motion. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments from my friend from Texas. Mr. Speaker, there is occasionally a little bit of controversy around the House, a modest amount of disagreement, and, of course, that is just in the Republican conference. There are lots of things that get the spotlight. 
friend with our Health Subcommittee on Ways and Means for there are things below the radar screen where we have been working in a thoughtful and bipartisan way to try and see if we can thread the needle on a number of these things that don’t have to cost a lot of money, and they enable us to be able to refine healthcare opportunities. 
of the session was getting the SGR monkey off our back to deal with the sustainable growth rate in a bipartisan fashion, and there have been, I want to say, about 12 bills that have moved out of our Health Subcommittee that deal with initiatives going forward. 
about the PACE Act is absolutely true. This is an opportunity for us to take a proven set of techniques to help seniors who want to stay at home, who do not want to be in nursing facilities, being able to give them the flexible needs in terms of services, and it works. 
Oregon, Providence ElderPlace. It serves over 1,000 Oregonians. It has got a solid track record. It has costs that are lower than average if they were Medicaid beneficiaries. In some States, these savings can be nearly 30 percent. 
able to give better ongoing service. The hospital readmission rate, for example, the program I mentioned in Oregon, is far under the national average of 15.2 percent. It is about half that rate. 
to a broader range of beneficiaries, people who have complex health conditions, but who are younger, for instance. They are no less deserving of this opportunity. I am absolutely convinced that the results will be every bit as strong. 
bill move forward, and I appreciate the advocacy of my friend, Mr. SMITH from 
New Jersey. We seem to find a variety of things to work on together in this Congress, and there is nothing that I think is more important and is going to have more longterm impact for people who are quite vulnerable. It is going to save the Federal Government money while it provides better outcomes for patients and for their families. 
balance of my time urging strong support from my colleagues. 
am really proud to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), a real champion for the elderly 
and the fragile who has really been a leader for so many years on this key issue. 
Speaker, first of all, let me thank KEVIN BRADY , the chairman, for his extraordinary leadership on this and so many other issues, and Mr. BLUMENAUER , with whom we have worked 
together to build a strong bipartisan push for this piece of legislation. 
of S. 1362, the PACE Innovation Act. Identical to the companion bill that I introduced along with Mr. BLUMENAUER , this bill will provide PACE 
programs with flexibility to bring a proven model of care to new populations. The program for allinclusive care for the elderly, or PACE, is a widely popular program serving over 30,000 seniors around the country. 
program delivers the entire range of medical and longterm services, including medical care and prescription drug services, physical or occupational therapy, day or respite care, and medical specialties such as dentistry, optometry, and podiatry. 
limited to those aged 55 and over who meet Statespecified criteria for needing nursing homelevel care. This program will provide wellness and keeps people in their homes. It is already doing it. Now more people will benefit from it. It improves outcomes. And this is all for people who otherwise would be paying catastrophic costs for nursing home care. 
Mr. Speaker, PACE has seen a significant growth in recent years, including a 30 percent increase in the number of people receiving services over the 
my own State of New Jersey where programs currently serve roughly 900 seniors throughout the State. 
the opportunity to attend the grand opening and ribbon cutting of a new PACE program in Monmouth County, and it is New Jersey’s fifth program. 
worked hard to bring this valuable program to my State back in 2009. Even though it was around before that, it was one of the best kept secrets around. 
program called LIFE, Living Independently for Elderly, at St. Francis Medical Center in the Trenton and Hamilton area. I have visited St. Francis LIFE often since and on its fifth anniversary was overwhelmed by the appreciation of seniors and their families for the program’s ability to raise or maintain their quality of life. 
restrictions placed on PACE do not allow these programs to serve many others in need. Chronological age should not be the determinant. 
and should use a nursing home and is eligible, this gives another option to the family to keep them at home. The legislation will allow CMS to establish pilot programs and waive restrictions and test how to best deliver results for new populations. 
Policy Committee, testified before the Health Subcommittee on the Energy and Commerce Committee, he told stories about a man named Jim G., a 54 yearold man with earlyonset Alzheimer’s disease. 
He was hospitalized for a lung infection and, as a result, stayed home alone during the day, where he was isolated and struggled with activities of daily living, such as personal grooming, household chores, and child care. 
His wife quit her job to care for him 
full time, but his needs were more than she could handle. He was permanently placed in a memory care unit, and since PACE was not an option for Jim—remember, he is 54 years old—his wife is crowdsourcing to try to pay his medical care. This heartbreaking story could have been eliminated. 
Mr. Speaker, here in the House, and I can tell you there are many patients with early onset who could benefit and benefit in a very, very significant way with this change in law. 
I look forward to the President’s signature. Again, I want to thank you, Kevin, for your leadership and your very distinguished staff. 
yield myself such time as I may consume to close just by saying, again, I express my appreciation to the chairman and to Mr. SMITH for moving this 
PACE program have proven that participants experience better health outcomes, fewer unmet needs, less pain, less likelihood of depression, and fewer hospitalizations and nursing home admissions. 
make this change, that are ready to extend this higher quality of care for very deserving, needy, and vulnerable people who are younger than the threshold 55 years of age. 
enact it into law, and let these people get to work serving these people in a new and profoundly improved way. 
yield myself such time as I may consume to close. 
This is our mom or our dad, our loved 
one who wants to get care, but doesn’t want to be in that nursing home. It is good for them, it is great for the family, and it is good for the taxpayers. 
this strong, bipartisan support for this bill I think is every reason for it to pass through this House, to be signed by the President, and be expanded all across America. 
support for the PACE Innovation Act and urge its passage. With that, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COSTELLO ). The question is on the motion 
offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE SITUATION IN OR IN RELATION TO THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–69) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: 
emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond October 27, 2015. 
Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has been marked by widespread violence and atrocities that continue to threaten regional stability, continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13413 with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow the Select Committee on Benghazi will hold hearings certain to drive congressional approval ratings to new lows. The majority leader, the leader of the Republicans, and the New York Republican, Mr. HANNA , and former Republican Committee staffers have all confessed that the purpose of this committee is no governmental purpose, but the political purpose of driving down Secretary Clinton’s approval ratings and political prospects. And for that, we have spent 4.5 million taxpayer dollars. 
apparent that that was the purpose of this committee. They have held four hearings in 17 months and developed nothing of significance. They have abandoned plans to have hearings with top intelligence and defense officials. They have done nothing up until now. Yet, tomorrow, they are set to spend 8 hours grilling one woman. 
Benghazi has been revealed by this committee, and nothing will be revealed tomorrow. All this committee has done is focus on what has been referred to as Secretary Clinton’s damn emails. 
on emails. We are free to use any server. We are free to keep and delete or to take the emails with us. 
rating. It is going down tomorrow as a result of what the Benghazi Committee plans to do. TRINIDAD GARZA EARLY COLLEGE 
today to congratulate the faculty, staff, and students of Trinidad Garza Early College High School at Mountain View for being named a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School. 
of Education has recognized superior schools for their academic achievement, their progress in closing achievement gaps, and for demonstrating that all students can achieve high levels of success. 
in Texas, Trini Garza is one of 335 schools across the country being recognized as a 2015 Blue Ribbon School and one of 28 such schools in the great State of Texas. 
Garza has made it a priority to make students college ready, life ready, and career ready. 
has truly excelled since opening in 2006. Trini Garza, along with 334 other schools, will be recognized at a ceremony in Washington, D.C., on November 9 and 10. 
congratulating Trini Garza Early College High School on this important accomplishment. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
there are just 9 more legislative days to act fully to protect the full faith and credit of the United States before November 3 in order to prevent the risk of a first ever U.S. default. 
the American people want. It could shatter retirement savings and send interest rates for mortgages, student loans, credit cards, and car payments soaring. We know that even a threat of default has serious consequences. 
in our credit before because our friends on the other side of the aisle—Republicans—took us to the catastrophic brink. And then, of course, we realized that what we did today, Pay China First Act, does not help the American people. 
will impact 1.4 million ActiveDuty troops by not paying our debt, 4.1 million disabled veterans who served their country with honor by not paying our debt, 2.3 million veterans who receive home purchasing assistance by not paying our debt, American small businesses that sell goods and services to 
the government and most doctors and hospitals that treat the 53.8 million Medicare patients around the country by not paying our debt. 
hostage or our credit hostage. It is time to address in a fair and reasonable manner the debt of the United States, which is the people of the United States. Get rid of sequester, follow our responsibilities, and pay our bills so that we can help those veterans who need help. 
Mr. Speaker, once again House Republicans are putting the narrow partisan interests of their rightwing base ahead of addressing the real challenges and problems facing the American people. 
to fully protect the full faith and credit of the United States before November 3, in order to prevent the risk of a firstever U.S. default. 
and send interest rates for mortgages, student loans, credit cards and car payments soaring. 
We know that even the threat of default has 
serious consequences: plummeting consumer confidence, and drastic slowdowns in job creation and economic growth. 
default off the table, this week, Republicans are bringing forward a bill that would give priority to bondholders from China and other foreign nations would be paid first. 
‘‘Pay China First Act,’’ puts payments to Americans at risk, including those to: 1. 1.4 million active duty troops; 2. 4.1 million disabled veterans who served their country with honor; 3. 2.3 million veterans who receive home purchasing assistance; 4. American small businesses that sell goods and services to the government; 5. Doctors and hospitals that treat the 53.8 million Medicare patients around the country. 
The credit rating of the United States is not 
a hostage to serve Republicans’ toxic special interest ideology. 
bill to honor the full faith and credit of the United States immediately. 
wasted enormous amount of time on irresponsible, futile, and reckless diversions such as trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, defund Planned Parenthood, and use the Benghazi Select Committee as an adjunct of the Republican National Committee to engage in partisan attacks on the leading candidate for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination. 
these frivolous issues, we now have the following critical deadlines staring us in the face: 
Fund expires, endangering good paying jobs and critical construction projects throughout America; 
2. November 3: Deadline to raise debt ceiling to protect full faith and credit of the United States. 
the ExportImport Bank for the first time in its 81year history. 
The Bank provides critical financing assistance—at no cost to taxpayers—to small, medium, and largesized U.S. businesses that helps them create jobs here at home and sell their products overseas. 
companies across the country are already feeling negative impacts on their ability to compete in the global marketplace. 
Created in 1965, it is one of the nation’s 
The LWCF uses a small percentage of revenue from offshore oil and gas drilling to invest in public lands and local recreation projects, and helps to support more than 6 million U.S. jobs connected with outdoor recreation. 
Mr. Speaker, I renew my call that all Members of the House and Senate work together and address the real problems and challenges facing the American people and to work with the President to reach agreement on an appropriate budget framework that ends sequestration but does not harm our economy or require draconian cuts to middleclass priorities. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) is recognized 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise on 
behalf of the California Democratic congressional delegation to honor the life of Don Edwards, who passed away earlier this month at the age of 100 in his home in Carmel. 
Congressman Don Edwards was someone I was proud to know for many years. He was born in San Jose, California, in 1915, growing up on South 13th Street. Living in San Jose at an idyllic time, he took the trolley to play golf as a young man, attended public schools in San Jose, received his bachelor’s degree from Stanford University, where he later studied law, and was admitted to the Bar Association of California in 1940. 
Depression. He used to talk about his service as an FBI agent, which he jokingly referred to as ‘‘long hours looking for auto thieves in Indianapolis.’’ But, in fact, he served with great distinction in the FBI, and he went on to serve in the United States Navy as an intelligence officer and a gunnery officer in World War II. 
what was then California’s Ninth Congressional District in 1962, and he 
I remember the first time I saw Congressman Don Edwards. It was before he was a Congressman. He was giving a speech in Mitchell Park in Palo Alto, California. I was just out of elementary school, and I remember how impressed I was and inspired I was by his words. He, in turn, had been inspired by President Kennedy to run for Congress, and he was successfully elected that year. 
communities as San Jose, Gilroy, Morgan Hill, parts of Milpitas, Fremont, and Union City. He served on the Judiciary Committee and served as chairman of the House Subcommittee on Civil Liberties and Civil Rights for 23 years. He also sat on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
one of the foremost defenders of civil liberties in Congress. In the 1970s, along with Senator Frank Church and his committee, they exposed the pervasive abuses of civil liberties in J. Edgar Hoover’s COINTELPRO, which monitored, infiltrated, and disrupted entirely lawful civil rights and antiwar organizations; and his stature as a former FBI agent really allowed him to be effective in this role. 
voted to abolish the House UnAmerican Activities Committee, and he was involved every year. In fact, I helped him in the early seventies in trying to abolish HUAC. He finally succeeded in 1975. He was involved in the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. He was a dignified and important member of the House Judiciary Committee during the consideration of the impeachment of Richard Nixon. And he was known throughout the country as somebody who stood up for the Constitution. 
Earlier today, former Congresswoman Elizabeth Holtzman came on the floor, and we were talking about former Members’ right to be present on the floor, but they do not have the right to address the Congress as a former Member. She wanted everyone to know that she was so proud that she was able to serve with Congressman Edwards on the Judiciary Committee, and she is not alone where people were able to serve with him. 
many generations, as demonstrated by the Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildfire Refuge, which was the first urban wildfire refuge in the United States. I remember he used to call the chairman of the committee in the seventies every single morning, saying, ‘‘Where is my wildfire refuge?’’ because such endangered species as the California Clapper Rail and the salt marsh harvest mouse were on the verge of extinction, and now they are not because of his work. 
of the Constitution, a tireless advocate for the rights of women, and was known as the ‘‘Father of the Equal 
known as a champion of civil rights. After becoming chairman of the Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights, then known as Subcommittee Number 4, he managed the Equal Rights Amendment on the House floor in 1971, the extension of the Voting Rights Act in 1982, and all other civil rights bills of the era. 
part in civil rights marches in the South. His son Len was a Freedom Rider, and he joined Len Edwards during the Mississippi Summer. He visited Dr. Martin Luther King when Dr. King was imprisoned in the Birmingham, Alabama, jail. And Don Edwards spoke out against apartheid while visiting South Africa. 
long, fulfilling life, and part of that fulfillment was his marriage to Edie Wilkie Edwards until her death in April of 2011. She and he were very involved in a group that no longer is active in the House called Members of Congress for Peace Through Law because they were people who believed that we could have a peaceful world, and the route to peace was the rule of law. 
four sons, Len Edwards, Samuel, Bruce, and Thomas, as well as four grandchildren and five greatgrandchildren. He died peacefully and with a great deal of grace. According to his son Len Edwards: ‘‘He died as he lived, an elegant man.’’ 
rights, advocating for those less fortunate in our society, and as being a strong defender of our Constitution. In fact, in his district, they used to call him not the Congressman from the Tenth Congressional District, but the Congressman from the Constitution. 
from college in 1970 and I came to Washington without a job, I walked into his office and he hired me. I worked for him for nearly 9 years, both here in Washington and in his district in San Jose. He helped me enormously by giving me time off to take exams while I was taking my law school classes. He helped me and mentored me, and I feel a great debt of gratitude to him personally for all he did to help me, but mainly to inspire me and a whole generation of Americans to believe in their country and to believe in their Constitution and to believe in the rule of law and civil rights. 
wonderful California delegation, the largest Democratic delegation in Congress. 
When I arrived in Congress in a special election in 1993, Don Edwards was 
delegation, the same delegation that his former employee, Congresswoman ZOELOFGREN , now holds. He was the father figure for all of us from California, and I think of this entire Congress when you look at his remarkable record. 
in a Republican family in the Stanford area in Santa Clara Valley, attended Stanford University, was captain of the golf team, did very well in golf, and so much so that the district that I represent every year hosts what was formerly known as the Bing Crosby Clambake, now the AT&T ProAm Golf Tournament. And Don Edwards told me that he carried his pro, he got a better score than his pro, and they won the tournament the first Clambake at Pebble Beach. 
Young Republicans. He quickly thereafter left the Young Republicans and became a very, very liberal Democrat. I asked him once as he retired, as Congresswoman LOFGREN said, to Carmel, 
California—he retired to a home right next to the home that I grew up in and my sister still lives in, so we had many, many nights with him and Edie discussing politics, and I once asked him: What made you become a Democrat? He said: Well, you know, Sam, after I got out of Stanford, I was in the FBI right after law school, and after I knew what the government could do to you through the FBI, I decided that I better be on the other side to protect the rights of individuals. 
officer. One of the things that happened when he left the FBI—he was no fan of the head of the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover—he asked Congress to audit the FBI. Well, the FBI had never been audited. All of the seizure of the equipment and goods and things that they had taken in the arrest were used to support them internally, and people thought that there might be some foul play there. Because he asked for that audit, he was on their blacklist. A former FBI agent knew a little bit too much about what was going on inside the FBI and with J. Edgar Hoover. 
interesting. He got elected when John F. Kennedy was President, and he left Congress when Bill Clinton was President, so all of those President’s between Kennedy and Clinton, Don Edwards had served with. If anybody, he was probably the most dapper, best dressed, politest, nicest human being on this floor. 
He had great friends on the Republican side of the aisle, even though he was such a liberal Member of the Democratic Party. One of his friends was Hamilton Fish from New York. They worked together on many of these remarkable acts: the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the rogue Voting Rights Act of 1965. He became chair of the Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights, and he managed the equal rights amendment on the House 
floor. He was a constitutional civil rightshuman rights expert and passionate about his feelings of the law to protect people. 
When Don and Edie retired to Carmel, California, they brought with them a lot of their friends from Washington, and in his home State of California, we used to have wonderful dinner parties together. He was still a member of Cypress Point Golf Club, a very exclusive golf club. In fact, he was the longest surviving member of that club. 
him—his wonderful wife for many years, whom we all loved—and we were saddened about her development of 
Don wanted to have a memorial service for her at a local church and then the reception at the Cypress Point Country Club, one of the most conservative golf clubs in the United States. Don was very proud after the church service to have invited everybody, and he proudly stated that this was the largest collection of Democrats that had ever been at the Cypress Point Country Club. 
He had a great sense of humor, lots of 
friends. He was a remarkable human being who was able to work across the aisle, something we miss today. With that, he was able to accomplish some of the greatest laws of this country in the modern era. 
and Democrats, but, most of all, he was the friend of the animals and of the people who could not speak for themselves. We will sorely miss this great man, who served this great institution for a long, long time. 
at his bedside when he died, and she was part of his caretaking team. We will have services for him in Carmel this Sunday, and there will be services in the San Jose area and future services here in Washington. 
my thoughts on my relationship with a great man, Don Edwards, who championed civil rights and died at the age of 100. 
of the House Democrats of California, for calling us together in a Special Order to honor a truly great man. 
remarks that have gone before and to say to SAMFARR: Thank you to you 
and to Shary for the love and affection and care that you gave not only to Don Edwards, but to Edie Wilkie, for such a long time. We all talked about how much we loved them. You were there for them all the time, and we are completely, entirely, in your debt. Thank you for the love that you gave them. Thank you again, ZOELOFGREN and 
the entire California delegation, for orchestrating this Special Order hour. 
august statesman who labored with dignity, led with integrity, and lived with courage, William Donlon—otherwise known as ‘‘Don Edwards’’—who passed away last month at the age of 100. 
His life was a gift to the Nation. He protected our communities 
through his service as an FBI agent. He protected our country through his service in the U.S. Navy during World War II. He moved our country forward through his service as a U.S. Congressman. 
our values matters; so he fought for fair pay, becoming the ‘‘Father of the Equal Rights Amendment.’’ He stood with the Freedom Riders at a time when they were written off as troublemakers and agitators. He championed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and fought to protect freedom of speech. He spoke up for workers, for our environment, for the resources needed to improve our country, and for future generations. 
As chair of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights for more than 20 years, Don became the ‘‘conscience of the Congress’’ and strived to ensure that all Americans enjoyed equality of opportunity. 
he was the floor leader for the Equal Rights Amendment, that he managed that bill. During his 32 years in the 
House, Congressman Edwards helped change the course of history. So significant was his leadership. 
Oddly enough, Don won his first election to any office in 1950 when he was elected president of the California Young Republicans. Throughout his life, Don’s ability to respect all viewpoints made him a remarkable leader who was respected by Members on both sides of the aisle. When he was 88 years old, Don reminded us that the world works better when we get along, and that is what we owe everybody. 
of honor for Congressman Edwards, the longtime dean of the California Democratic delegation. The beautiful, pristine Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge serves as a tribute to his efforts to preserve our environment and our ideals for future generations. 
as a Member of Congress, with his love of nature and all living things, was probably as close to a model of St. Francis of Assisi as we have ever seen— Don Edwards, a gentle, beautiful man. 
our country, and his achievements will stand forever as a living monument to his determined vision and legendary ability. But it wasn’t just about that. It is how he encouraged others. 
I can tell you, when I came to Congress 28 years ago, there were only 23 
Democrats, 11 Republicans. To say that we weren’t always paid full attention to sounds almost like complaining, but it was a fact. Nobody ever asked, ‘‘What do you think?’’ to any of the women Members. I mean, we made our voices heard, of course, but nobody ever asked, ‘‘What do you think?’’ except Don Edwards. 
you think of this?’’ to each of us, especially when he was dealing with issues that related directly to us. But even well beyond that, whether we were talking about national security, economic growth—whatever the subject— Don would always ask us, ‘‘What do you think?’’ 
And I said, ‘‘Because not many people around here, of the four hundred and something versus the 23, come up and ask the few women who are here what we think.’’ 
people to reach their fulfillment and to see what their contribution could do for the common good. 
predeceased Don by a number of years. He worshiped Edie, and they were a real team for equality, for peace, for disarmament, for protecting the environment, for promoting opportunity and fairness. They were such a team. 
So I hope it is a comfort now to his 
children and to his grandchildren—to all he loved—that so many people throughout the world and, certainly, in our country mourn the loss of a consummate public servant, a proud Californian, and a proud American. 
House, and may it challenge all of us to do more and to do better on behalf of America’s working families. 
with Don Edwards, for those who knew him by reputation, and for those who worked for him to— 
proud he was and thrilled he was that Congresswoman ZOE LOFGREN was 
going to succeed him in the Congress. He made that well known to all of us. So his service continues his leadership in your excellent service and leadership in the Congress. 
California who was able to serve with Congressman Edwards for the first 2 years of her service here in the Congress, Congresswoman ANNAESHOO . 
Ms. ESHOO. I thank the gentlewoman from California, the chair of the California Democratic delegation, and my dear friend and colleague. 
Mr. Speaker, it is really, I think, bittersweet this evening because we loved Congressman Don Edwards so much, and it is hard to imagine the world without him. 
you wanted to have live forever. Instead, his contributions to our Nation, to the State of California, to his community are a record that will be revered for generations and generations and generations to come. 
said about Don, beautiful things that have been said about Don, how he graduated from Stanford University and Stanford Law School, how he began his professional career as an FBI agent, and how he joined the Navy as an intelligence officer. 
different roles, and, of course, the crown of his public service career was right here in the House of the people, the House of Representatives. He was a smallbusiness man in a business that his father owned and that he became a part of during the 1950s, and then, of course, he was elected as a Democrat. 
In fact, I still have in my office an invitation that Don had sent out. I think it must have been for some fundraiser that he had had, but the cover of that invitation has Don Edwards standing next to a very young President of the United States, John F. Kennedy. 
elect John F. Kennedy and anyone else who comes through my office very often remark about the picture. It is something that I cherish, that my staff cherishes, and my constituents do. 
to be the president of the California Young Republicans. That is a very prestigious organization, and I can just see Don, elegant in every way. 
most beautiful posture. The way he carried himself, he almost kind of glided down the hall. 
about him. We talk about his greatness and his goodness, and he was never one to want to be served. His joy was in serving. And so he had more than a healthy dose of humility about him. 
him that ran as deep as his beliefs. In my lifetime, he had two great love affairs. One was Edie, and the other was the Constitution. He loved the flag. 
He understood that that was a symbol of our country, but he knew that the Constitution, our Constitution, was the soul of our Nation, and that is where he embedded himself—in the Constitution and in the subcommittee that did its work to always reinforce and establish the constitutionality and make the Constitution live for people who it had not touched yet. If there is anything that would be 
noble, I think that that is, and the record that he built was one where he was the foremost champion of civil rights, having drafted every civil rights bill in the House of Representatives for two decades. What a record. What a magnificent record. 
when he announced that he was retiring. He thanked his constituents for the patience that they had extended to him because, I think, many times in the debate about what is constitutional and how to extend rights to people, it is not always very popular in the beginning. 
made, but we struggle very hard and don’t always recognize the opportunity at hand in that history is being made. In his gentle, elegant way, he thanked his constituents for the patience that they had had with him in that they had stayed with him so that he could do the work that he did on their behalf. 
He famously said, in the 1982 extension of the Voting Rights Act: ‘‘If you can’t vote, you are not a real citizen.’’ So he understood where the nub of the dignity of citizenship rested: voting. I don’t think he could really comprehend why the Voting Rights Act is not being brought up today so that we can all vote on it and improve what is so essential in the life of the citizens of our country. 
I think, Mr. Speaker, that Congressman Edwards would be very proud of his colleagues in the California Democratic delegation today, starting with our chair, ZOELOFGREN , who not only 
worked side by side with him, but now chairs our delegation. 
The values that he carried, the values that he loved and that he made so real and shared with everyone in the House, whether colleagues agreed or disagreed with him, they drew a great sense of joy from him because they knew the love of our Constitution and of our country that he carried, and so they respected him. What he carried and did here, I think he would be very proud of his fellow Californians for carrying those traditions on. 
wife. As I said to Shary, because she was there when Don took his last breath, I feel that we were all there with him because she was. She did so much in seeing to the great care that was given to him until he took his last breath. 
There is a poet that wrote: And so he 
passed on, and all the trumpets sounded on the other side. 
you gave and created for our country. We bless your name, and we thank you for your service. It is an honor to honor you. We love the Edwards family, and we always will. 
that we have in Santa Clara County, even though we have millions of people who live in the region. 
was a young mayor called Norm Mineta who wanted to run for Congress. We went to the max trying to help Norm Mineta trying be elected to Congress, and he ultimately was. 
fellow to the max get elected, and we were so proud that that young legislator was also successful in being elected to Congress, actually in the seat that overlapped that was formerly Norm Mineta’s seat. 
I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. HONDA ), my colleague in 
want to thank her for putting this event together this evening. 
Tonight, we heard many words described by folks who have known Don Edwards personally in work and part of his life. We are here tonight to honor my friend Congressman Don Edwards. 
really a true statesman, the likes of which you don’t find often these days. Today, we work to further the modern progressive agenda that he believed in. Our work would not be possible without standing on the shoulders of giants such as Don Edwards who came before us. Don was one of those people that I stood upon his shoulders. 
to him and I asked for his advice, because I never had the opportunity to work him. I did work with his sons, and one especially, Len Edwards, who was a judge. 
kind of impact that Don has had on his son, Len Edwards, who was a judge. Len was the kind of guy that extended himself, also, as did his dad. He used to run truancy court in the school site that I was a principal of, which is really unique. And this is the kind of legacy that Don Edwards has left behind, a uniqueness of the kind of person that he was. 
if he knew it to be right. At every turn, he stood up for what he believed in. 
for his advice, and he just very comfortably looked at me and said: Just do the right thing. 
often are challenged to do the right thing and not the political thing. Sometimes to do the right thing means to stand in the face of popular winds, knowing that you are doing the right thing in spite of the fact that other folks, other dynamics are trying to move the ship in another direction. 
really a stalwart, a true champion of civil and constitutional rights in his nearly three decades in Congress. In 1963, in his first year in Congress, he voted to abolish the House Committee 
on UnAmerican Activities. He went on to be the champion of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. And as early as 1972, he was effectively working to protect our environment, authoring a bill to establish the National Wildlife Refuge in San Francisco Bay. 
Although he was a selfdescribed liberal Democrat, Congressman Edwards consistently worked across the aisle, including the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act in 1990 and the Civil Rights Act of 1991, which bolstered employees’ rights. 
are able to work for more progressive change. Because of his leadership and his modeling, I have been able to use him as my compass in making the right decisions and understanding, to do the right thing. We have to stand up to fearmongering and seek to ensure that all people are free of fear from bullying, persecution, racism, and sexism. We talk today about equality for women and the need for equal pay for equal work. 
As an educator myself and a principal for over 30 years, I am really grateful for the legacy that Don left in the field of education. Himself a product of California public schools, he started the conversation that I now proudly bring my voice to, and that is the need to preserve the civil and constitutional rights for all people. 
is also a civil right, and we must find a path to a quality education that is equitable for each and every child. 
this Special Order. It has been said that her experiences and her life experiences are entwined with Congressman Don Edwards. She knew Don better than most of us. Not only was she one of his staffers, but she went on to hold his seat in Congress, as it was said before. 
work and her leadership and her stalwartness and say she is doing the right thing, she is doing it the right way, and she is a person of conscience. I think that would make him very proud. 
Not long ago, I was incredibly honored to have someone tell me that I come from a place of fairness and equality. That is our area. That is the area that all of us represent: Congresswoman ANNA ESHOO , Z OELOFGREN , 
tremendous sense of fair play, and it is my hope that, together, my colleagues and I can honor his legacy not just tonight, but as we approach our work. When we stand up for religious liberties, true equality for women, for American workers, I think Don might look down and smile upon the kind of work that we are attempting to do. 
Edwards: the importance of giving voice to those who don’t have one. It was mentioned that Norm Mineta 
was one of the folks that Don Edwards has maxed out for. When Norm Mineta was leading the effort to pass the Civil 
Liberties Act of 1988, Don Edwards was right there with him to make sure that the mistake that this country had foisted upon Americans of Japanese descent in 1942 was recognized. Because of his work and his leadership, along with Norm Mineta, they were able to be successful in the 100th Congress passing H.R. 442, which was signed into law by President Reagan. 
intense understanding of the Constitution and the violation of the Constitution back in 1942 that our government had consciously foisted upon 120,000 members of its own country. That effort took over 10 years here in Congress. So it is persistence and an understanding that to do the right thing, sometimes it takes persistence and educating other people who would not otherwise have thought about what happened in 1942. 
So I am here because of that work. I 
am here because of that tremendous effort to make sure that people of different backgrounds, although they may look different, have different religions, different upbringing, different language, different culture, different foods, that they also are accepted as Americans. He gave a voice to us, and that voice allowed us to be able to become participating Members of this Congress. 
my own district come up to me and say, we know that you didn’t have a voice and someone gave you a voice afterwards, we need a voice in Congress also, that sort of led me to understand and to move in the same direction that Don Edwards would want us to and to be a voice for those who don’t have a voice. 
For the Ethiopian community, we became a voice. For the Sikh community, we became a voice. For the Muslim community, we became a voice. For those who have been bullied day in and day out because of who they are, we became a voice. This is the legacy that Don Edwards has left with us, and it is an unfinished business that we need to continue to move forward on. It was because of his consciousness, his leadership, his firm belief in doing the right thing in every instance, in spite of the fact that it may not be popular at the moment but it is constitutional, that we continue to move forward. 
for hosting this hour. I am truly honored and privileged to stand here today and pay tribute to the long legacy of our friend, Don Edwards. 
and for his leadership in following the example of Don Edwards. 
You know, when Don Edwards announced he was going to retire after 32 years in Congress, I called him—actually, I heard a rumor—and I begged 
him not to do it, that we needed him in 
the Judiciary Committee. You don’t have to worry about civil rights and civil liberties because they are in good hands, and one of those people was BOBBY SCOTT. 
I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT). 
I thank the gentlewoman for giving me the opportunity to speak in honor of the recently departed Congressman William Donlon ‘‘Don’’ Edwards, a civil rights champion, supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment, defender of the Constitution. 
I am proud to say that, as a freshman 
in Congress, I had the honor to serve with Congressman Edwards on the Committee on the Judiciary. I would just like to say a few words about his work on that committee. 
embodiment of the phrase ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law,’’ the words etched above the main entrance of the United States Supreme Court Building. When he arrived to Congress in 1963, he 
noted: ‘‘11 States in the Old South practiced apartheid. There was a House UnAmerican Activities Committee. And the FBI was out of control threatening individual liberties.’’ 
adapting to his new role in Congress because he recalled that, when he arrived on Capitol Hill, ‘‘Black people couldn’t vote in large parts of the country, and if they did, they’d get hanged.’’ 
where his son Leonard worked to register African Americans to vote, he wrote a letter to Dr. Martin Luther King, telling him that he understood ‘‘the absolute necessity for the immediate passage’’ of the Civil Rights Act, and he told Dr. King that ‘‘we stand ready to support your efforts here in Washington.’’ With that, he proceeded to work to secure the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
He rose quickly to the rank of chairman of the House Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights in 1971. In that capacity, he took on major issues, such as the Equal Rights Amendment, which fell just three States short of ratification. 
irresistible impulse of government to assume more power. My role has been to say no.’’ That statement perfectly captures his drive to eliminate the House UnAmerican Activities Committee in 1975 and his disapproval of President Nixon’s unauthorized use of government agencies to harass political opponents. 
Congressman Edwards worked tirelessly to gain the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act in 1990, the Fair Housing Amendments Act, and the Civil Rights Act of 1991. He successfully fought to extend the 
Voting Rights Act in 1982 over the objections of President Reagan, who wanted to end the Justice Department’s preclearance power. At the time, Congressman Edwards said simply, ‘‘If you can’t vote, you are not a real citizen.’’ 
Court essentially struck down the Justice Department’s preclearance powers under the Voting Rights Act in the Shelby County v. Holder decision. 
in 1994, the late Republican Congressman and former chair of the House Committee on the Judiciary, Henry Hyde, said this of Congressman Edwards: ‘‘He is relentlessly liberal, but that’s not a vice. The battle for the fullest expression of civil liberties is losing a general, not a foot soldier.’’ 
although briefly, with this great general who battled for equal justice and equal rights. 
Members as well as others who have asked for their statements to be put in the RECORD , as our time is expiring at 
this point, but I just would like to make a couple of final comments. 
legislative record, but it really was rooted in his values. He was someone who cared about people who didn’t have enough, and when he rewrote the Bankruptcy Act, he was thinking about working people who couldn’t actually make ends meet. 
House were laid off every time the House recessed and without any ability to actually have a paycheck, the one person they sought for help was Congressman Don Edwards. 
lobby in favor of discrimination against women, and I was on his staff. He said, ‘‘Well, let me call in the young lawyer I rely on for this.’’ When I walked in, that was sort of the end of the conversation. 
world for the better. We loved him greatly. The fact that so many people went out to California to help him— former staffers, people like Jim Copeland and Debbie McFarland, who actually went out to make sure he had what he needed—was a tribute to the kind of person he was. 
liberal, but he got along with people who were very conservative. I remember he and Henry Hyde, as ranking member, got along quite well and had a great deal of respect for each other. 
At this point, I would just like to say 
that we miss Don Edwards. We honor his life and contributions. We know that we cannot mourn him. For his 100 years, he made a difference, he made our country better, and we love him for it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
honor the life of Congressman Don Edwards, a champion for civil rights, a defender of civil liberties, and a tireless advocate for the residents of California. 
public service, from serving as a naval officer during World War II, to his time at the FBI, to his decades of work in the House of Representatives on behalf of his constituents. 
Through all of the phases of his life he remained true to his principles, fighting for underserved and underrepresented communities no matter what the cost. 
University, Congressman Edwards entered the House of Representatives in 1962, ultimately participating in the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
diligently defended, and led efforts to preserve, this critical legislation so that all Americans can today better exercise their Constitutional rights. As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights in the House Judiciary Committee he was dedicated to increasing legal protections for women and minorities. His work to level the playing field continued with his leadership in the House Judiciary Committee on the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, which ensured that citizens with disabilities have access to the same opportunities as all Americans. 
Congressman Don Edwards was also instrumental in preserving some of our greatest national treasures in California. In the early 1970s, Congressman Edwards was one of the key leaders in the creation of the San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge, which was later named in his honor in 1995. His dedication to environmental protection, specifically preserving urban wetlands, will ensure that generations to come will enjoy California’s beautiful landscape. 
During his 32 years in the House of Representatives and as the dean of the California Democratic delegation, Congressman 
Edwards was always guided by a sense of justice and fairness; earning the respect of his colleagues and working with both parties to get things done for the people of California and the citizens of our great nation. His legacy will continue to serve as an example for us all in Congress and he will be greatly missed. 
honor the memory of former Congressman Don Edwards, a man this body remembers as a champion for civil rights and American workers, and I remember as a kind and compassionate mentor. 
Edwards fought the most important civil rights battles of our generation. He challenged discrimination against AfricanAmericans, women, people with disabilities, and others seeking equal protection under the law. 
speech and a fierce advocate for the environment, well before protecting the environment was a common or popular cause. 
guy and everyone knew it. In fact, when Congress would routinely fire all the food service workers on Capitol Hill as a quick fix to budget issues, the workers would appeal to the Congressman from California to stand up for 
them—even though he wasn’t on the committee that made the decision. 
Edwards was in 1992, when I narrowly lost my first race for the House. He was the dean of the California delegation at the time, and I was attending the orientation for new Members of Congress, not knowing whether I would ultimately be elected. 
showed me great kindness. He walked with me, distracted me from the election news and demonstrated the class and sincerity that he was known for. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, October 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND S EPT. 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3217. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Infant Formula: The Addition of Minimum and Maximum Levels of Selenium to Infant 
3218. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Executive and Political Personnel, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1384. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law (Rept. 114–302). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 3776. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to provide for automatic continuing resolutions; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
H.R. 3777. A bill to provide for relief from 
sequester under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and offsets to such relief through reforms in certain revenue and direct spending programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, Education and the Workforce, Oversight and Government Reform, Homeland Security, Financial Services, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3778. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, with respect to vehicle weight limitations for certain logging vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. R OYCE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. K INZINGER  
of Illinois, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. J ONES , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
H.R. 3779. A bill to restrict the inclusion of 
social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3780. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to sunset certain penalties relating to meaningful electronic health records use by Medicare eligible professionals and hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ROWLEY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 3781. A bill to amend parts B and E of 
title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home with their families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
COHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
H.R. 3782. A bill to amend the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to eliminate the use of valid court orders to secure lockup of status offenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
COHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
Mexico, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R ANGEL, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
terms and services related to community based gang intervention to ensure that funding for such intervention is utilized in a costeffective manner and that community based agencies are held accountable for providing holistic, integrated intervention services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
DUFFY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. C RENSHAW ): 
Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation and a Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
agencies from using the derogatory term ‘‘alien’’ to refer to an individual who is not a citizen or national of the United States, to amend chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, to establish a uniform definition for the term ‘‘foreign national’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for herself and Mr. PETERS ): 
H.R. 3786. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Truth in Lending Act to clarify the application of prepayment amounts on student loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3787. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to improve public understanding of how transportation investments are made by public agencies through establishing greater transparency and accountability processes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3788. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to develop performance measures for assessing transportation connectivity and accessibility for highway and public transportation systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3789. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish a memorial headstone or marker to commemorate an eligible individual whose remains are identified and available but the location of the gravesite is unknown; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3790. A bill to improve science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3792. A bill to assist young adults with 
obtaining or regaining driver’s licenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for himself, Mr. DEUTCH , and Ms. B ONAMICI ): 
H.R. 3793. A bill to amend the Older Americans Act of 1965 to provide equal treatment of LGBT older individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Risk Retention Act of 1986 to expand the types of commercial insurance authorized for risk retention groups serving nonprofit organizations and educational institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 3795. A bill to improve certain provisions relating to charter schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3796. A bill to amend section 232 of the 
National Housing Act to provide that nursing homes receiving low ratings for purposes of the Medicare or Medicaid programs are ineligible for mortgage insurance under such section, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
the Government and people of the Republic of Turkey as they celebrate Republic Day, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Texas, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
PERRY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
Mr. S ALMON , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. D ENT, Ms. 
MCCAUL, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R USSELL , 
Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. M IMI 
Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C RENSHAW , and Mr. 
H. Res. 485. A resolution expressing solidarity with the people of Israel in the wake of recent terrorist attacks and condemning the Palestinian Authority for inciting an atmosphere of violence; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3776. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect taxes, duties, inposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statemetn and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
H.R. 3777. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 11: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing 
Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitition in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 3778. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3779. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3780. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3781. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 3782. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3783. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3784. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3786. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3787. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3788. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the 
United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 3789. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying in to execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested . . . 
H.R. 3790. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3791. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3792. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3. 
H.R. 3795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. M CKINLEY and Mr. E MMER of 
ISRAEL , Ms. H AHN, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 343: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. P INGREE , 
H.R. 592: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 746: Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 775: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
H.R. 870: Mr. C ROWLEY and Mr. B ENRAY 
H.R. 953: Ms. L EE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L ARSEN of 
H.R. 1061: Ms. L EEand Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1211: Ms. T SONGAS and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C OLE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
FATTAH , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R EED, Ms. E STY, 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. W ITTMAN, and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1301: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARK of 
H.R. 1309: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. L ATTA , and 
H.R. 1343: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
H.R. 1384: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and 
H.R. 1401: Mr. K EATING , Mr. D ANNY K. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. S WALWELL of 
H.R. 1680: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
H.R. 1726: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1733: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. P ITTS. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C OFFMAN, Mr. M ARINO , and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. L UCAS and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1793: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 1858: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
H.R. 1964: Mr. D ENT, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 1966: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2050: Ms. M OORE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and 
H.R. 2121: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and 
H.R. 2209: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
H.R. 2224: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2293: Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
Texas, Mr. N EAL, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
SERRANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Iowa, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ALLONE , and 
H.R. 2380: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2494: Mrs. L OVE and Mr. R OGERS of 
H.R. 2566: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 2612: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K EATING , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. 
H.R. 2710: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 2759: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Ms. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. S TUTZMAN and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2911: Mr. W ELCH , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. 
H.R. 2944: Mr. D OLDand Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 3024: Mrs. N OEMand Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3180: Mr. M OULTON and Mr. K INGof 
H.R. 3201: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3226: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 3235: Mr. L YNCH and Ms. R OYBAL  
H.R. 3255: Mr. B OSTand Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 3314: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
H.R. 3326: Mr. C ARNEY and Mr. A USTIN  
H.R. 3351: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3427: Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
H.R. 3455: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3459: Mr. W OMACK and Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 3471: Mr. C OOK, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. 
H.R. 3484: Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 3488: Mr. L ABRADOR . H.R. 3516: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B OST, Mr. H ARDY , and Mr. 
H.R. 3539: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3632: Mr. E LLISON and Ms. C ASTOR of 
H.R. 3659: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 3666: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. 
H.R. 3692: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 3696: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. C UELLAR , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
H.R. 3709: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3711: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 3740: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Ms. J UDY 
H.R. 3756: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
H.J. Res. 67: Mr. L UCAS . H.J. Res. 68: Mr. L UCAS . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. C LARKE of New York 
H. Con. Res. 75: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. P ALLONE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. N EAL, Mr. K ILDEE, and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H. Con. Res. 80: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H. Res. 54: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. Z INKE. 
H. Res. 293: Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
H. Res. 393: Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OHEN , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H. Res. 416: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. 
H. Res. 428: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ARSON of 
H. Res. 445: Mrs. B USTOS and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H. Res. 471: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. T AKAI, and 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7367 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 2015 No. 154 