to talk about the United Nations and what can only be described as its increasingly outrageous actions on the world stage. How else would you describe planning a conference on gender equality, feminism, and sexual violence that invited only men to participate? or telling the Catholic Church that its prolife stance equals psychological torture? 
really went off the deep end when its Commission on the Status of Women adopted a resolution that singles out and condemns Israel for violating the rights of women. That’s right. This Commission condemned a country that has guaranteed women equality in 
work, education, health, and social welfare for more than 60 years. It denounced a country where rape, including spousal rape, is a felony punishable by 16 years in prison, whose Ministry of Social Affairs operates battered women’s shelters and a hotline for reporting abuse and whose parliament passed nearly 50 initiatives to promote gender equality and empower women over the past 4 years. It accused the only country in the Middle East that fully respects the rights of women with violating the rights of women. 
with this fiction the U.N. has concocted would be an understatement. Let’s look at the facts. 
selected grim statistics for the status of women in the world: They inform us that one in three women have experienced physical or sexual violence; they let us know that 120 million girls have been forced into intercourse or other sexual acts at some point in their lives; and they tell us 133 million women and girls have undergone female genital mutilation. 
is mindboggling that the Commission believes that Israel is the only one of the 193 U.N. member states worthy of condemnation for its record on women’s rights. How is that even possible? Israel’s entire population is less than 10 million. 
According to the World Health Organization, nearly 40 percent of all murders of women worldwide are carried out by an intimate partner. Yet dozens of countries around the world do not have specific laws against domestic violence. Where is the Commission’s condemnation of Russia and Kenya? of Burkina Faso and Pakistan? of Congo and Lesotho? of Niger? 
Sudan, where the legal age of marriage for girls is 10 years old and 88 percent of women under 50 have undergone female genital mutilation? 
Iran, where a woman’s testimony is only worth half of a man’s in court, 
and rape within marriage is not recognized as a criminal offense? 
statistics show a rape occurs every 22 minutes? Why didn’t the Commission want to talk about the victims in that country, who include a nun in her seventies who was gangraped by a group of bandits when she tried to prevent them from committing a robbery in a Christian missionary school, as well as two teenaged cousins from a low caste who didn’t have a toilet in their home and were raped, strangled, and found hanging from a tree because they went outside to relieve themselves during the night. 
the same denunciation? You might be surprised to learn they all sit on the Commission on the Status of Women. That’s right. Some of the world worst violators of women’s rights sit on a commission that calls itself ‘‘the principal global intergovernmental body exclusively dedicated to the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of women.’’ 
singleminded attack is just the latest salvo in the U.N.’s neverending anti Israeli agenda, and it is time we stand up for our friend and ally. 
and a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council, United States has a duty to insist on a higher standard. The status quo is simply unacceptable. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
weeks ago in Portland. She left us at age 72, far too soon, only recently retired from her amazing career. It was my honor to have served with Gretchen in the Oregon Legislature in the seventies, on the Multnomah County Commission in the eighties, and the Portland City Council in the nineties. 
office with a passion, a dedication to the underprivileged, a hardheaded realism; plainspoken, downtoearth, warm and generous in spirit personally and professionally. 
Corps volunteer in Iran. She loved that country and its people. Throughout her life, that experience informed her views of the Middle East, her knowledge of the warmth and support by the Iranian people for Americans. 
Gretchen offered a voice in our community for a more thoughtful approach to that country, including at least attempting diplomatic efforts. It is too bad she couldn’t have talked to some people in Congress who were either too afraid or distracted to try diplomacy. 
a liberal firebrand, she was always supportive of thoughtful and diplomatic 
advancing the interests of her constituents. Her legacy includes a facility for the homeless with her name on it and countless projects and programs that she helped conceive and advance. She helped shape policies in human services, land use, and the arts. 
Her legacy also includes her daughters, Katharine and Deborah. Part of that political legacy is a daughter, Deborah, who served in the leadership of the Oregon Legislature, following in her mother’s footsteps, and is currently chair of the Multnomah County Commission on which Gretchen so honorably served. 
for more than 10 years, most recently at the Portland State University Hatfield School of Government. 
having famously helped lead the efforts to integrate the previously allmale Portland City Club. In our community, it was very significant in and of itself as a powerful signal of the acceptance of women, not just rhetorically. It was part of a cause for which she devoted her entire life. Women, gay rights, minorities, Gretchen was a tireless champion for people who needed a tireless champion. 
Gretchen, I will remember her best as a friend. Highlights include spending time with her at her lovely beach retreat on the Oregon coast or a fabulous trip to New York with our thenspouses that included running the New York Marathon, theater, good food, and fabulous company. 
helped make our community more liveable and more humane, and we are grateful. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for 5 minutes. 
to recognize the 100th anniversary this month of the Port of Kennewick, located in my congressional district in Benton County. 
driver of economic development, transportation improvement, job creation, and opportunities for the midColumbia region. Voters approved the creation of the port in 1915, after the construction of the DallesCelilo Canal, which allowed boats to navigate from the Pacific to the upper stretches of the Columbia and Snake Rivers. 
Looking back on its industrial legacy, the port has entered an exciting new phase of redevelopment in recent years. The revitalized port, which is Washington State’s fifth oldest, promises to create tourism and recreational 
visitors to our area with projects that include the Clover Island Marina, Columbia Drive, and Vista Field. 
economic opportunity and look forward to continued progress at the Port of Kennewick. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARRIS ) at 2 p.m. 
Reverend Elias CorreaTorres, Belmont Abbey, Belmont, North Carolina, offered the following prayer: 
You lead us in discovering what is true and good, so that human society may come to reflect Your loving order. 
inspire all those who labor in it with Your wisdom and truth. Give them a spirit of enthusiasm and joy in their worthy efforts, and may they find fulfillment in their service. As they seek to advance the common good, guide them in making right decisions and carrying them out with true justice, helping them to be particularly attentive to the needs of those who cannot fend for themselves, or who struggle with little hope. 
May the work of this House help advance a peaceful society in our Nation and foster unity in mutual goodwill, so that in all things, You may be glorified. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ) come forward and lead the 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, President Reagan once told us that the nine most terrifying words in the English language are: ‘‘I’m from the government, and I’m here to help.’’ 
Well, the kind of help we have received, Mr. Speaker, has been more regulations, a greater tax burden, a bigger bureaucracy, and no growth for the American family, for American business. 
Mr. Speaker, to change this course by passing the House 2016 budget, which cuts $5.5 trillion in spending while strengthening vital programs; calls for a fairer, simpler Tax Code to promote goodpaying jobs and an opportunity economy; completely repeals ObamaCare; and puts a premium on accountability, efficiency, and effectiveness in all areas of the Federal Government. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, on Friday, President Obama released new regulations for hydraulic fracturing and once again turned his back on job creation in an attempt to appease a small but vocal group of environmental extremists. 
These new regulations are unnecessary and threaten the potential growth of jobs on Federal lands and across the Nation. 
grown by leaps and bounds in recent years, and much of this growth has been due to private sector innovation, coupled with sensible regulations at the State and local levels. 
As one of the top producers of natural gas, Pennsylvania continues to help drive recordbreaking oil and natural gas production here at home. 
contributed over $1 billion in State taxes, along with half a billion dollars in road construction. 
Congressional District have greatly benefited from the technology and safety advancements that make natural gas readily available. 
due to regulations administered at the State level, not by adding the bureaucracy of the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I will work with my colleagues in Congress and do all that I can to stop topdown policies such as this that undermine economic progress and energy security. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
President Obama released his budget proposal. It, as expected, increases taxes and spending without balancing the budget and allows Social Security and Medicare to go bankrupt. The President’s refusal to address the compounding national debt emphasizes his disinterest in being a leader. 
leading. Our budget offers a stark contrast. We implement commonsense reforms, balance the budget, eliminate wasteful government spending, repeal ObamaCare in full, and preserve Social Security and Medicare for current beneficiaries and future generations. 
federalism—the foundation of our Constitution—empowering States, local communities, and the real drivers of opportunity and prosperity, the American people. 
week in the House and working to ensure the proper balance between our national security interests and our longterm deficit reduction. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, The Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
YEAR 2015 BUDGET AND FINANCIAL PLAN—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–19) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred 
Pursuant to my constitutional authority and as contemplated by section 446 of the District of Columbia Self Government and Governmental Reorganization Act as amended in 1989, I am transmitting the District of Columbia’s fiscal year (FY) 2015 Budget and Financial Plan. This transmittal does not represent an endorsement of the contents of the D.C. government’s requests. 
The proposed FY 2015 Budget and Financial Plan reflects the major programmatic objectives of the Mayor and the Council of the District of Columbia. For FY 2015, the District estimates total revenues and expenditures of $12.6 billion. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) at 4 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 233) to allow reviews of certain families’ incomes every 3 years for purposes of determining eligibility for certain Federal assisted housing programs. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tenant Income Verification Relief Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ) and the gentleman 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the Tenant Income Verification Relief Act, and I am proud to cosponsor it with my colleague from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ). 
relieve stressful burdens of fixedincome tenants who participate in the housing choice voucher and project based housing programs all across the country. Additionally, it is a responsible reform bill that will allow housing authorities to work more efficiently and effectively at less cost to the taxpayers. 
I have heard from housing authorities from Columbus, Ohio, from Circleville, Ohio, from other parts of my district, and throughout the country about how burdensome this requirement is on elderly tenants as well as on the housing authorities. 
Current law requires tenant verification of income at movein and recertification annually. This legislation allows for the recertification of residents’ incomes every 3 years rather than annually for individuals and families on fixed incomes. 
verify these tenants’ incomes when they change as well as annually. Based on a recent U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development study of these 2 million residents on fixed incomes, about half of them are on very 
fixed incomes that are not changing. Most of them are using Social Security as their main source of income. 
ensuring our Nation’s lowincome families have safe places to live, while also reducing administrative burdens on families and on these housing authorities and toward saving taxpayer resources. I ask my colleagues to join me and Mr. PERLMUTTER in supporting this 
gentleman from Colorado for his leadership and for his commonsense approach on this legislation. 
I want to thank Mr. STIVERS for joining me in H.R. 233, and I want to thank the chairman of the committee, Mr. HENSARLING , and the ranking member, 
Ms. W ATERS , for their support of this 
I think we should go through it one more time, just so the record is clear for future generations. 
H.R. 233, the Tenant Income Verification Relief Act of 2015, represents a bipartisan effort to aid our most vulnerable constituents and to provide marginal regulatory relief to public housing authorities and to those who have privately owned rental properties who wish to service housing vouchers. 
and State and local housing agencies must review income annually for all 
rental assistance recipients. That includes recipients who receive most or all of their income from fixed sources— such as from Social Security or other pensions—and, therefore, see little income change from year to year. 
Our legislation reduces administrative burdens by allowing for the recertification of rent and income to occur every 3 years rather than annually for those on fixed incomes. In other words, housing authorities and those who accept vouchers would be allowed to conduct triennial income recertifications for households of which 90 percent or more of their income is fixed. 
places burdens on those within fixed income households themselves, who must gather and submit information needed to verify income and deductions and who, in some cases, must go to agencies for inperson reviews. 
The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, which wrote in support of H.R. 233, said that this change would substantially reduce paperwork burdens for lowincome seniors and for people with disabilities and administrative costs for agencies and owners. 
recipients are elderly or disabled, who often rely on fixed incomes, and income reviews are the single largest source of rental assistance administrative costs. 
public housing authorities are struggling to manage their Section 8 housing programs. In fact, it is estimated the amount Congress appropriates to fund the housing choice voucher program is only 74 percent of what is actually required to run the program. 
The Public Housing Authorities Directors Association wrote to me, saying: 
is a commonsense approach to streamlining Federal rental assistance programs at a time when scarce financial resources are straining housing authorities’ program delivery. 
precluding Congress from funding the cost of administering this program 100 percent, we must look at solutions to control expenses or the cost of running the program. 
In fact, it has been included in several comprehensive Section 8 reform bills by both Democrats and Republicans. In fact, the administration included language similar to H.R. 233 in the 2016 budget proposal. 
Mr. STIVERS from Ohio, with a reasonable and commonsense proposal, making our public housing programs more efficient, and we all want to find ways to make our government run more efficiently. 
DEAR CONGRESSMAN PERLMUTTER : On behalf of the Public Housing Authorities Directors Association (PHADA), I would like to thank you for introducing the Tenant Income Verification Relief Act of 2015 (HR 233) as an original cosponsor. If enacted, this bill would allow Housing Authorities (HAs) to conduct triennial recertifications for households where 90 percent or more their income is fixed. 
Relief Act of 2015 would benefit millions of lowincome elderly and disabled households with fixed incomes in the Section 8 Tenant Based Voucher and Public Housing programs. Fixedincome households, who are served by Housing Authorities, would benefit if they could be spared from having to go through the burdensome, confusing and stressful recertification process annually but to do so every three years instead. 
Many households who receive Federal rental assistance live on fixed incomes. According to HUD’s Resident Characteristics Report August 2013 through November 2014, approximately 20 percent of voucherassisted households have a disabled head of household and approximately 22 percent have an elderly head of household. Approximately 17 percent of Public Housingassisted households have a 
disabled head of household and approximately 31 percent have an elderly head of household. Although HUD’s national data reflects a degree of overlap in households’ types of income, approximately 55 percent of households receive Supplemental Security Income (SSI), Social Security and/or a pension for all or some of their annual income, in both Section 8 tenantbased and Public Housing programs. Your legislation would also produce cost 
savings for Housing Authorities, which struggle each year from downward funding prorations in Section 8 voucher program administrative fees and/or the Public Housing Operating Fund. Taken together, the above figures illustrate the scope and scale of relief that would benefit applicable lowincome households and the Housing Authorities that serve them. 
Legislation regarding triennial recertifications for fixedincome households has been a feature of both House and Senate authorizing rental assistance reform bills for several years, but has not been enacted into law yet. PHADA has demonstrated the adverse impacts of downward funding prorations, in terms of Housing Authorities’ operations to serve lowincome households, participating property owners and the communities in which they live. Introduction of the bill is an important step for future action that could not come a moment too soon. 
a common sense approach to streamlining Federal rental assistance programs at a time when scarce financial resources are straining Housing Authorities’ program delivery. Given the urgent need for relief to lowincome households and Housing Authorities, we believe that the bill can and should be enacted either as an amendment or a stand alone bill as soon as possible. 
issues important to HAs and the lowincome people they serve. PHADA and its members look forward to working with you and your colleagues to secure passage of the bill. 
If you need any information or have questions, please feel free to call me at 202–546 5445. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : The real estate industry is pleased that Congress supports efforts to streamline rental assistance programs. Our industry believes it is imperative for Congress to pass legislation that will improve the federally assisted housing rental programs for both residents and owners alike: doing so saves taxpayer dollars and eliminates inefficiencies. We support H.R. 233, the ‘‘Tenant Income Verification Relief Act of 2015’’ introduced by Congressman Perlmutter (D–CO) and Congressman Stivers (R–OH). 
Our organizations represent owners, management companies, lenders, builders, developers, and housing cooperatives. We have longsupported these programs. The Housing Choice Voucher program provides rental subsidies to approximately two million low income households who obtain housing in the private rental market. This program broadens the range of housing choices for families seeking affordable housing, has a high success rate and serves as the cornerstone for public federal housing policy. The Project Based Rental Assistance programs house nearly 1.3 million families and elderly households in privately owned housing—representing successful public and private partnerships that not only provide quality housing but often connect residents with services. This is particularly important for elderly residents, who may otherwise be forced to move to nursing homes. These programs are essential tools that also preserve and expand the supply of quality affordable housing, a necessity in today’s tight rental markets. 
the programs suffer under the weight of too many inefficient and duplicative requirements. The myriad overlapping and redundant procedures make the programs difficult 
to administer and, with respect to the voucher program, deter many professional landlords from participating. As such, we have worked diligently with Congress for several years to formulate common sense legislation that would streamline the sometimes burdensome procedures associated with operating and maintaining an assisted housing portfolio. 
H.R. 233 significantly reduces administrative burdens by allowing for the recertification of residents’ income to occur every three years rather than annually for those residents on fixed incomes, permitting verification review efforts to focus on those whose incomes change. 
We urge you to support efforts to streamline the assisted housing programs and urge 
Congress to pass H.R. 233, the ‘‘Tenant Income Verification Relief Act of 2015.’’ 
(CARH); Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM); Leading Age; National Apartment Association (NAA); National Affordable Housing Management Association (NAHMA); National Association of Home Builders (NAHB); National Association of Housing Cooperatives (NAHC); National Association of Realtors (NAR); National Leased Housing Association (NLHA); National Multifamily Housing Council (NMHC). 
Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Verification Relief Act of 2015 (H.R. 233) is a welldesigned, common sense measure to ease administrative burdens in federal rental assistance programs while maintaining key protections for lowincome program participants. We strongly recommend that Congress move promptly to enact the bill. 
housing agencies must review income annually for all rental assistance recipients. That includes recipients who receive most or all of their income from fixed sources such as Social Security or SSI and therefore see little income change from year to year. This requirement imposes sizable administrative costs. More than half of rental assistance recipients are elderly or disabled households that often rely on fixed incomes, and income reviews are the single largest source of rental assistance administrative costs. The annual review requirement also places burdens on the fixedincome households themselves, who must gather and submit information needed to verify income and deductions and in some cases must go to agency offices for inperson reviews. 
HUD has eased burdens modestly by administratively streamlining review requirements for fixedincome households (and has proposed regulations to codify the change), but HUD lacks authority to allow less frequent reviews because the annual income review requirement is statutory. H.R. 233 would reduce the frequency of required reviews for fixedincome families to once every three years and direct HUD to establish procedures to adjust income for inflation in the intervening years. This change would substantially reduce paperwork burdens for low income seniors and people with disabilities and administrative costs for agencies and owners. The need for the administrative savings is particularly acute now, since both the 
Choice Voucher administrative fees have been deeply underfunded in recent years. 
in a series of bills that received strong bipartisan support. For example, provisions similar to H.R. 233 were included in both the Affordable Housing and SelfSufficiency Improvement Act (AHSSIA), which a subcommittee of the House Financial Services Committee approved by a voice vote in January 2012, and the Section 8 Voucher Reform Act (SEVRA), which the House passed 333–83 in July 2007. 
On behalf of the over 22,000 members of the National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials (NAHRO), I am writing today to underscore our strong support for the expeditious approval of the Tenant Income Verification Act of 2015 (HR 233) that you are both sponsoring. 
amend the U.S. Housing Act of 1937 to allow PHAs to reduce the frequency of reexaminations for families that receive at least 90 percent of their income from fixed sources. PHAs would not be required to review a public housing or Section 8 family’s income for any year for which the family certifies that it has a fixed income and the source of the income has not changed since the previous year. PHAs would be required to conduct a review of the family’s income not less than once every three years; in any year in which a PHA does not conduct a review of income, a family’s prior year income determination would be adjusted by applying an inflationary factor. 
on reducing unnecessary administrative burdens. We also believe this legislation properly balances the need to maintain responsible government protections; the legislation does not adversely impact residents and provides longoverdue administrative relief that will increase local PHA’s ability to address other pressing needs. Responsible reform legislation such as this ultimately enables PHAs to work more efficiently and effectively at less cost to the federal government. 
and members of Congress to bring about responsible programmatic and regulatory reforms. This legislation is a strong and necessary step forward. In this regard, we were pleased to see that the Administration included language similar to HR 233 in the FY 2016 budget proposal. We urge the House to approve this legislation under suspension of the rules so that it can be promptly sent to the Senate for adoption. 
members of Congress on both sides of the isle to approve properly balanced programmatic reforms that sustain the ability of PHAs to provide decent, safe and affordable housing for vulnerable families. 
Ranking Member, House Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Low Income Housing Coalition, I am pleased to support H.R. 233, legislation that would allow public housing agencies to reduce the frequency of income recertifications for HUD rent assisted households whose income is at least 90% from fixedincome sources. Income recertifications for fixedincome households would be only every three years, instead of annually. 
NLIHC members include nonprofit housing providers, homeless service providers, fair housing organizations, state and local housing coalitions, public housing agencies, private developers and property owners, housing researchers, local and state government agencies, faithbased organizations, residents of public and assisted housing and their organizations, and concerned citizens. We do not represent any sector of the housing industry. Rather, NLIHC works only on behalf of and with low income people who need safe, decent, and affordable homes, especially those with the most serious housing problems, including people who are homeless. NLIHC is funded entirely with private contributions. 
Because a tenant’s share of rent is based on 
income, recertifications are done to make sure tenants are paying the correct amount of rent. The Department of Housing and Urban Development estimates that fixedincome families are about 50% of all public housing, housing choice voucher, and projectbased rental assistance tenants. If implemented, this policy change could substantially reduce administrative duties for public housing agencies and owners, as well as recertification time for tenants. 
This is an idea whose time has come. One 
of the suggestions resulting from the 2005 National Housing Voucher Summit, which NLIHC convened, was to implement rent simplification policies, including reducing the income recertification period for people whose income is largely from fixed sources, such as Social Security and SSI, to three years. In the years when recertifications are not required, Summit participants recommended, tenant incomes could be adjusted based on the costofliving adjustment in any income maintenance program in which the household participates. 
and Steve Stivers for introducing this important legislation and hope that Congress acts swiftly toward its enactment. 
is my hope that we pass this today here on the floor of the House and that the Senate passes it quickly and sends it to the President’s desk. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I just want to ask all of my colleagues to support this legislation. It is common sense, and it simplifies an administrative burden. It saves money for taxpayers, and it allows people on fixed incomes, whether they be senior citizens or disabled, to have less onerous burdens. This is a commonsense bill. 
for his leadership, and I urge everyone to support this legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 233. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING ASSISTANCE AND SELFDETERMINATION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 360) to reauthorize the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act of 1996, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.). 
‘‘The Secretary shall act upon a waiver request submitted under this subsection by a recipient within 60 days after receipt of such request.’’; and 
one or more sources of Federal funds in addition to grant amounts under this Act in carrying out a project that qualifies as an affordable housing activity under section 202, such other sources of Federal funds do not exceed 49 percent of the total cost of the 
project, and the recipient’s tribe has assumed all of the responsibilities for environmental review, decisionmaking, and action pursuant to this section, the tribe’s compliance with the review requirements under this section and the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 with regard to such project shall be deemed to fully comply with and discharge any applicable environmental review requirements that might apply to Federal agencies with respect to the use of such additional Federal funding sources for that project.’’. 
FOR APPROVAL REGARDING EXCEEDING TDC MAXIMUM COST FOR PROJECT. 
is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
EXCEED TDC M AXIMUM .—A request for approval by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to exceed by more than 10 percent the total development cost maximum cost for a project shall be approved or denied during the 60day period that begins on the date that the Secretary receives the 
‘total development cost’ means, with respect to a housing project, the sum of all costs for the project, including all undertakings necessary for administration, planning, site acquisition, demolition, construction or equipment and financing (including payment of carrying charges), and for otherwise carrying out the development of the project, excluding offsite water and sewer. The total development cost amounts shall be based on a moderately designed house and determined by averaging the current construction costs as listed in not less than two nationally recognized residential construction cost indices.’’. 
‘‘, and section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968’’. 
of this paragraph, in the case of rental housing that is made available to a current rental family for conversion to a homebuyer or a leasepurchase unit, that the current rental family can purchase through a contract of sale, leasepurchase agreement, or any other sales agreement, is made available for purchase only by the current rental family, if the rental family was a lowincome family at the time of their initial occupancy of such unit; and’’; and 
U.S.C. 4131 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
law, a recipient authorized to receive funding under this Act may, in its discretion, use funding from the Indian Health Service of the Department of Health and Human Services for construction of sanitation facilities for housing construction and renovation projects that are funded in part by funds provided under this Act.’’. 
4117) is amended by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2009 through 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘$650,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019’’. 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
reasons why the recipient has not requested the disbursement of such amounts; and 
Secretary that the recipient has the capacity to spend Federal funds in an effective manner, which demonstration may include evidence of the timely expenditure of amounts previously distributed under this Act to the recipient. 
not require the issuance of any regulation to take effect and shall not be construed to confer hearing rights under this or any other section of this Act.’’. 
shall be made available to recipients eligible to receive block grants under the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.). 
shall be administered by block grant recipients in accordance with program requirements under Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 in lieu of program requirements under this Act. 
or specify alternative requirements for any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the use of funds made available under this subparagraph, but only upon a finding by the Secretary that such waiver or alternative requirement is necessary to promote administrative efficiency, eliminate delay, consolidate or eliminate duplicative or ineffective requirements or criteria, or otherwise provide for the effective delivery and administration of such supportive housing assistance to Native American veterans. 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly consult with block grant recipients and any other appropriate tribal organizations to— 
‘‘(II) ensure the effective delivery of supportive services to Native American veterans that are homeless or at risk of homelessness eligible to receive assistance under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(vii) NOTICE .—The Secretary shall establish the requirements and criteria for the 
supported housing and rental assistance program under this subparagraph by notice published in the Federal Register, but shall provide Indian tribes and tribally designated housing agencies an opportunity for comment and consultation before publication of a final notice pursuant to this clause.’’. 
provided in appropriation Acts for’’ and inserting ‘‘$976,000,000 for each’’. 
Section 501 of the American Homeownership and Economic Opportunity Act of 2000 (25 U.S.C. 4043 note) is amended— 
to sums being provided in advance in appropriations Acts, there’’ and inserting ‘‘There’’; and 
Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
Section 801 of the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–411) is amended by striking ‘‘Temporary Order and Temporary Injunction issued on May 14, 2007, by the District Court of the Cherokee Nation’’ and inserting ‘‘Order issued September 21, 2011, by the Federal District Court for the District of Columbia’’. 
whether enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this section’’ after ‘‘law’’; and 
amended by striking the item relating to section 206 (treatment of funds). 
Add at the end of the Act the following 
authority provided in this Act for the construction, development, maintenance, and operation of housing for Indian families, the Secretary shall provide the participating tribes having final plans approved pursuant to section 905 with the authority to exercise the activities provided under this title and such plan for the acquisition and development of housing to meet the needs of tribal members. 
NAHASDA P ROVISIONS .—The following provisions of titles I through VIII shall apply to the demonstration program under this title and amounts made available under the demonstration program under this title: 
approve more than 20 Indian tribes for participation in the demonstration program under this title. 
the expiration of the 180day period beginning upon notification to the Secretary by an Indian tribe of intention to participate in the demonstration program under this title, the Indian tribe shall— 
the entities that have responded to the tribe’s request for quotations; and 
establish and submit to the Secretary a final plan that meets the requirements under section 904. 
determined by the Secretary, for failure to select an investor partner. 
required under section 102 to be included in an Indian housing plan for the tribe, as such requirements may be modified by the Secretary to take consideration of the requirements of the demonstration program under this title; 
such term is defined in section 4 of this Act (25 U.S.C. 4103)); 
for the tribe, the participating tribe, members of the participating tribe, and financial institutions and other outside investors necessary to provide financing for the development of housing under the plan and for mortgages for tribal members purchasing such housing; 
mortgage agreements for housing developed under the plan that are financed under the plan and entered into by tribal members; and 
mortgages, take possession of such housing and have the responsibility for making such housing available to other tribal members; 
the determination of the Secretary, to ensure that the tribe and the Federal Government are not liable for the acts of the investor partner or of any contractors; 
shall have sole final approval of design and location of housing developed under the plan; 
agreement on the operation and management of the current assistance housing stock and current housing stock for the tribe assisted under the preceding titles of this Act; 
which the tribe solicited requests for quotations from investors and selected the investor partner; and 
solicit requests for quotations and select an investor partner was insufficient or negligent; or 
that the participating tribe and the investor make such revisions to the plan as the Secretary may specify as appropriate to meet the needs of the tribe for affordable housing; or 
AND LOCATION .—The Secretary may not disapprove a final plan under section 904, or condition approval of such a plan, based on the design or location of any housing to be developed or assisted under the plan. 
‘‘Amounts otherwise allocated for a participating tribe under title III of this Act (25 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.) shall not be made available to the tribe under titles I through VIII, but shall only be available for the tribe, upon request by the tribe and approval by the Secretary, for the following purposes: 
title III for the tribe during such period for administrative costs of the tribe in completing the processes to carry out sections 903 and 904. 
participating tribe may use such amounts for housing infrastructure costs associated with providing affordable housing for the tribe under the final plan. 
this Act, a participating tribe may, in accordance with the provisions of the final plan of the tribe approved pursuant to section 905, resell any affordable housing developed with assistance made available under this Act for use other than as affordable housing, but only if the tribe provides such assurances as the Secretary determines are appropriate to ensure that— 
future sufficient to meet future affordable housing needs; and 
such future affordable housing needs or as provided in section 906. 
shall submit a report to the Congress annually describing the activities and progress of the demonstration program under this title, which shall— 
have selected an investor partner pursuant to a request for quotations; 
amounts requested and approved for use under section 906; and 
have terminated participation in the demonstration program and the circumstances of such terminations. 
for audits among participating tribes to ensure that the final plans for such tribes are being implemented and complied with. Such audits shall include onsite visits with participating tribes and requests for documentation appropriate to ensure such compliance. 
participating tribe may terminate participation in the demonstration program under this title at any time, subject to this section. 
construed to prevent a tribe that terminates participation in the demonstration program under this section and any party with which the tribe has entered into an agreement from mutually agreeing to terminate such agreement. 
grants to be made in accordance with, and subject to the requirements of, this Act for any amounts remaining after use pursuant to section 906 from the allocation under title III for a participating tribe that terminates participation in the demonstration program. 
year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary shall submit a final report to the Congress regarding the effectiveness of the demonstration program, which shall include— 
the demonstration program, of participating tribes in meeting their housing needs, including affordable housing needs, on tribal land; 
‘housing infrastructure’ means basic facilities, services, systems, and installations necessary or appropriate for the functioning of a housing community, including facilities, services, systems, and installations for water, sewage, power, communications, and transportation. 
term lease’ means an agreement between a participating tribe and a tribal member that authorizes the tribal member to occupy a specific plot of tribal lands for 50 or more years and to request renewal of the agreement at least once. 
‘‘The Secretary shall establish any requirements and criteria as may be necessary to carry out the demonstration program under this title by notice published in the Federal Register.’’. 
amended by inserting after the item relating to section 705 the following: ‘‘TITLE VIII—HOUSING ASSISTANCE FOR 
striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$13,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019.’’. 
the period at the end of the first sentence the following: ‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated for such costs $386,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019.’’; and 
each of fiscal years’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019 with an aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding $41,504,000 for each such fiscal year.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) and the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
360, the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Reauthorization Act. 
been over 2 years in the making. Beginning in early 2013, DONYOUNG and T OM 
GABBARD , and a host of others from the 
Democrat side to make a bill that truly works across both aisles and that is widely supported by tribes. 
for Native Americans, it has been widely recognized by those tribes. Most importantly, it is a bill for which we can come together and all be proud of cosponsoring. The legislation before us is just that; it shows that colleagues, regardless of political affiliation, can come together and get the job done. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
has taken a tremendous amount of work and team effort and good will to get us to the place at which we are today. I want to thank all of our cosponsors. It really has been a heavy lift, and I can tell you how appreciative I am. 
with Mr. PEARCE . He has just been levelheaded and calm all the way. Of course, with regard to Mr. COLE, Mr. 
HECK, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. 
together for 2 years to craft this bipartisan legislation. 
I need to also recognize the leadership role of our ranking member, Ms. WATERS . She has had a few concerns, 
Indians, the National American Indian Housing Council, and many individual tribes from all across the country have provided comments, education, and energy every step of the way. 
Speaker, honors the trust relationship of the United States Government, and it respects tribal sovereignty of the nations of the First People, but I don’t want to make short shrift of the concerns that have been raised. 
provided more funding, given the dire need. However, this legislation is the product of a truly bipartisan process. It is not that all of us agree 100 percent on every provision, but we keep talking, and we keep working, and we have done that until we have come up with a bill that may not be perfect but that 
serves the people for whom it is intended, and it is very good for tribal communities. 
The need for affordable housing in Indian Country just cannot be understated. Some of the poorest and most remote communities in this country are Native American communities. 
In fact, the three poorest communities in the United States of America are Native American. NAHASDA provides tribal governments the ability to provide safe and affordable housing to tribal communities that is consistent with their status as sovereigns. 
like to highlight are that it expedites certain Federal approvals. It makes all native people eligible for NAHASDA funds. It preserves provisions protecting Cherokee Freedmen. 
Expediting approval ends administrative duplication and delays, approval which is essential due to unique timing and building challenges on reservations. 
like to join with Ms. MOORE in recognizing the actions of Ms. W ATERS , the 
ranking member, truly, truly asking the questions that needed to be asked, but then finally reconciling on some of those issues. Also, the chairman, Chairman HENSARLING , has been in the 
bringing this bill to the floor as he has, I would like to express that. 
this extremely significant piece of legislation to recognize, as my good friend from Wisconsin said, this is a trust obligation of the United States Government. This isn’t a housing handout. This isn’t some special deal. This is something, an obligation that we assumed in negotiation with tribes over many decades, many different situations. If people are living in Indian Country, particularly on reservations, and don’t have adequate housing, the Federal Government has a responsibility to do something about it, something we have recognized since the 1960s, something, as my friend Mr. PEARCE said, we institutionalized in 
long time. It has been a block grant program, which has empowered tribes. One of the things I love about this legislation is, in a bipartisan sense, we continue to do that. We provide a lot more flexibility for tribes to actually control their own affairs, meet their own needs. 
the sum could be more. $650 million is a lot of money, but spread across a population of almost three million individuals and over 57 million acres, an area of land about the size of Wyoming, it is maybe not as much as we would like, particularly given the severe needs, but it is a good faith effort, and it is appropriate given the difficult financial times we are in. 
Again, we have had tremendous support across Indian Country. As both speakers previously mentioned, National Congress of American Indians, particularly the National American Indian Housing Council, has worked handinglove with Members on both sides of the aisle to build this program. 
praise for various Members, and I wouldn’t disagree with anybody they mentioned, but I have got to hold, particularly, Mr. PEARCE up not only for 
his tremendous work on this, Ms. MOORE as well, but for their persistence in this. They brought this legislation to the floor in the last Congress, having worked out the difficulties, formed a bipartisan compromise and coalition and, frankly, brought their leaders along with them, I think, educating their respective leaders in the process. We got that through the House last time on a bipartisan basis. The Senate wasn’t able to act, and I am very pleased to see that they have come back again this quickly in the session. Hopefully we will have a little bit better response on the other side. I don’t think there was any opposition; they just didn’t get it done in the press of business toward the end of the year. They are going to have plenty of time to do that. 
This is an excellent piece of legislation. As my friends have both suggested, it is an example of how well we can work together when we focus on the problems instead of sometimes the partisan and philosophical divisions that separate us. I reflect, as I am looking here on the floor, that I usually like to think of myself as a rightwing conservative Republican, but I can’t get to the right of my friend Mr. PEARCE , as hard as I try; and my friend 
on TRIO programs, on violence against women, now on this—is certainly well to the left of me on a lot of issues. So anything that can bring the three of us together is pretty inclusive in this body, and you won’t have much excuse. 
continues a family tradition of working in the forefront of Native American issues. 
It is a good piece of legislation. It has 
been worked on hard by people that really know what they are doing. They brought the body along. So I certainly urge its passage and again want to congratulate, particularly, Mr. PEARCE  
stellar work in this case. It would not have happened without their efforts. 
thank my friend Ms. M OORE for yielding and for her leadership on this very important issue. I also thank Mr. PEARCE , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. C OLEon the 
other side, as well as Ms. G ABBARD , 
whom I have worked with on this legislation, along with Mr. HECKand, now, 
is that when we set out to solve a problem and focus on the things that we can agree upon, we can get a lot done. This is a good bill. It is not the bill that any one of us individually would have written had we been left alone to produce this legislation with only our own perspectives and our own interests. It is a bill that is a result of compromise. 
There are elements of this legislation, Mr. Speaker, that I would prefer not have been included; and I am sure Mr. PEARCE and others are aware that 
I would have preferred that the pilot program that allows for a form of privatization, a direct grant to private developers, not be included. I would prefer that the entirety of the funds be used specifically to empower tribes, and tribes alone, to determine the use of the dollars. After all, they have had the ability to make those decisions and enter into agreements with private individuals as well. 
I only say that to make sure that the 
RECORD is clear and that I state my objection to that particular portion, but to help point out a larger, I think, more important point. I am sure Mr. PEARCE , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. Y OUNG  
could find sections, provisions, of this legislation that they would prefer to excise or maybe something that they would have preferred to have included that they were not able to get in the bill; but because the focus here, from the very beginning, in the last Congress and again in this one, as Mr. COLE 
said, is that we have an obligation to live up to our trust responsibilities to this Nation’s first people, that trust responsibility comes ahead of whatever differences we might have on specific policy approaches. 
Mr. PEARCE and Ms. M OORE both deserve great credit for being able to put aside the differences that they had—we were able to get this legislation to the floor with what I think is enormous support within the House of Representatives. It is a testament to our recognition of that trust obligation, and it is something that I am very pleased to carry on. As was stated, my uncle worked on these issues, and I know that he would be proud to see us working together to continue to live up to that important trust obligation. 
legislation. I thank all my colleagues for their work on this. 
time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Wisconsin has 15 minutes remaining. 
more speakers, and then I will be prepared to close. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). 
for this legislation. It is something that we have worked on together with TOMCOLE, many in this room. I would 
like to thank the Hawaiian delegation. It has always been an honor and a pleasure to work with the Hawaiian delegation with Alaska. They are two noncontiguous States, and we work well together and we will continue to do that. 
uncle; he and I were dear friends and worked together on a lot of issues. I always respected that. I would like to thank the staff. Let’s all not kid ourselves; the staffs of all our offices really put this together with our little bit of advice. Alex has worked very hard on my side, and I know your side has worked really well. That is a classic example, when staffs are willing to work together with the Members, Members are willing to work together, we can accomplish these goals. 
legislation. This is legislation that is needed by American Indians, Alaska Natives. It has worked well, and I am hoping—I have talked to the Senators on the other side—that in reality we will get this legislation passed very quickly. This is a winwin situation for all of us, so I think we should take 
great honor and recognize what has been, will be done here today, and accomplish a goal that many times is not achieved. 
thank each Member that has been involved in this, especially for the first people of America. 
really made a very important point to have thanked our staffs. I was remiss in not doing that. So I would like to add my voice to those Members who really, really appreciate the hard work that our staffs provide. 
may consume to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). 
authorized twice, both times with broad bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress. Since its enactment, this legislation has strengthened indigenous selfdetermination by empowering Native nations, by assisting with affordable housing needs. In my home State of Hawaii, it has 
increased home ownership among Native Hawaiians by more than 2 percent, bringing hope to many people who are living paycheck to paycheck. At the same time, we are seeing poverty and public assistance have decreased. Today more Native Hawaiians are likely to be employed in professional or managerial occupations than in the past, and life expectancy has increased by almost 3 years. This legislation makes a difference to real families. 
Paaluhi and her sisters who live in Nanakuli. They inherited a home from their parents, who passed away, which was built in the 1940s and was in dire need of repairs. There were large holes in the roof and floors; bedroom walls were buckling; broken windows covered with tarps. The Paaluhi sisters did not have the means to pay for the needed repairs, and they couldn’t afford a new home. They also didn’t qualify for an FHA loan or any other loan. The Department of Hawaiian Homelands made a grant available because of this legislation for $15,000. Just $15,000 gave this family the ability to make a down payment with assistance from a lowinterest USDA construction loan. They were able to build a structurally safe and comfortable home for them and their children to live. 
families whose lives have been directly impacted and changed because of this legislation. It is an important step toward removing roadblocks to economic success, not only in Hawaii but in Native communities across the country, and it reaffirms the House’s longstanding commitment to tribal sovereignty and selfdetermination. 
would like to thank my colleague Representative PEARCE for introducing 
this bill, for his persistence and leadership continuously in bringing this about; Representative MOORE for leading the charge courageously on our side of the aisle; Ranking Member WATERS for continuing to move this 
bill forward; also, my longtime colleague and friend from Alaska, Representative YOUNG ; and my colleague 
hard on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to join this bipartisan coalition in supporting the passage of H.R. 360. 
many who wonder why do we have a bill like this. Frankly, it is a treaty responsibility. The responsibility has been signed between the Native Americans and the Federal Government saying that we have a trust responsibility to them. 
As I travelled around the reservations in my district, I began to be aware of a circumstance that I had not previously been aware of: houses that were maybe several hundred years old, people still living in those. There is one area with no sewer at all. There are 
cardboard shacks, people living in situations that they should not be living in today. 
front of us today doesn’t change the responsibility of the government. It doesn’t increase the amount of the dollars flowing to it. It simply tries to make the process a little more streamlined. 
HUD, at one point, was rigorously opposing the transparency, rigorously opposing those reforms that we were putting into their systems. They had duplications of processes that would literally take years in order to get approval to build houses, and we simply said it does not have to be that way. 
my family grow out of abject poverty into a home ownership culture. Our first home that we purchased was $800, and then we moved up to a $1,500 home. Finally, we thought we really had arrived when we got to the $2,500 home, and then a $15,000, 5acre property. 
And so the pilot project that Mr. KILDEE—and he has had great discussions 
with me—but the pilot project is inserted into the bill in order to facilitate allowing Native Americans to own their own homes on the reservations. It has been very difficult up to now. We addressed those problems which have created a culture of poverty through the years. 
So, even though we might have a different view on how to get there, we do not, as Democrats and Republicans, disagree on the fact that prosperity will begin with home ownership. And this pilot project in here—completely voluntary—allows people to move directly into home ownership. It allows the Native American tribes to start to 
encourage home ownership on the reservations in order to preserve the cultures there. 
the Native Americans themselves were extremely important. Some of the processes have worked very badly. I have had extraordinarily frank conversations with Native Americans across the country, talking about the need to move to more transparent processes—to processes that make sure the money gets into the homes where they are building them. 
And so that is the purpose of this legislation. I, again, commend Congresswoman MOORE because she and I really 
chipped away at it from each side. We got the reforms in. We got the wording in that would allow Indian tribes across the country to feel like they are participating in this. 
3year process—and I am proud of the legislation we are bringing to the floor today and proud of the efforts on behalf of each one of the people who have been involved here. I reserve the balance of my time. 
time I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to my good friend from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI). 
stand in support of H.R. 360, the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
States trust responsibility to American Indian and Alaska Native nations and provides necessary tools to the native people of our country for sustainable solutions to poverty that often plague their communities. 
YOUNG ; Ms. M OORE ; Mr. K ILDEE ; the 
senior Member from Hawaii, Ms. GABBARD ; and the numerous other congressional Members who have fought for years to reauthorize NAHASDA, and thank them for also including support to Native Hawaiian housing organizations, which provide adequate housing to descendants of Hawaii’s indigenous people. 
merely provide funding for adequate housing programs, it also provides 
vital resources to foster the indigenous cultures of our great Nation, which faced near extinction during the atrocities committed to expand our Nation and the Federal assimilation policies of the 20th century. 
their aboriginal lands is a vital part of preserving and living their culture. Unfortunately, Hawaii has one of the highest costs of living in the Nation, so support through NAHASDA is essential to Native Hawaiian families who wish to remain on their ancestral lands but face the ever growing price of homes, land, utilities, and food. So many families who have lived in Hawaii for generations upon generations are now moving out of our State because of the cost of living. 
only the vital importance of adequate housing for the less fortunate among Native communities, but also its vital importance for fostering the indigenous cultures of our democracy. This diversity of culture is what makes our Nation great. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Alaskan contingencies have commented on this. I think it is important that this bill include all native people. 
I am so happy that the Senate is now 
working on a version of NAHASDA that is similar, and I hope that we will all be able to quickly reconcile our differences and get a reauthorization to the President’s desk. I look forward to him signing H.R. 360 into law. 
myself such time as I may consume. At one point, Chairman HENSARLING  
earlier in the process said he was not wildly ecstatic about the bill coming before his committee if 100 years from now Native Americans were going to be in the same circumstance they were in today. So, again, that was one of the elements of trying to find and facilitate home ownership among Native Americans so they could begin their growth towards prosperity. 
say: If you can actually get that through, if you can actually get both sides to agree on it, it will be transformational. Well, that is what I came here to do. I came here to be a part of things that transform the way that we approach different programs, not to just drift along and reauthorize. And so it is with that backdrop that we began to construct the bill. 
would like to thank Chairman H ENSARLING and Leader M CCARTHY for 
their support. I especially would like to thank my friends on the other side of the aisle for working through the very difficult discussions so that we are able to find a bill that does reach market efficiencies, does make the government more effective and efficient, that does do things that both political parties want to achieve. 
things. We approach it from a different point of view. So I can’t say enough to my friends on the other side of the aisle: Thank you very much for your hard work and dedication. 
and request that everyone support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, this bill will provide an important and long overdue reauthorization of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act or NAHASDA. 
provides housing assistance to Native Americans and Native Hawaiians in a way that is tailored to address their unique housing needs, while respecting their right to selfdetermination. These groups experience some of the poorest housing conditions in our country so it is very important that we reauthorize the programs within NAHASDA. 
NAHASDA, I did not object to the bill before us today moving forward under suspension. 
However, as I have pointed out in the past, 
this bill fails to ensure certain basic protections for the communities that rely on NAHASDA— and as a result—I will oppose this measure. 
Despite my repeated objections, Republicans have refused to include a provision in this bill that offers protections for the Cherokee Freedmen. As many people know, the Cherokee Freedmen are the descendants of former African American slaves of the Cherokee, who are facing possible expulsion by the Cherokee nation. 
For the past several years, under the leadership of former Members including Carolyn Kilpatrick and Mel Watt, the Congressional Black Caucus has stood up for the rights of 
have consistently refused to acknowledge this tragic history and do something to bring justice to this situation. And this bill is no exception. During the Committee markup, they rejected my amendment, which would have made NAHASDA funding to the Cherokee contingent on full recognition of the Freedmen as citizens of the Cherokee Nation. 
and I cannot support continued silence in the face of such injustice. That is why I will not support this bill unless it grants the Freedmen the justice they deserve. 
bill because it contains a provision that would seriously undercut the central goal of providing affordable housing for lowincome Native Americans. This bill would waive a longstanding tenet of affordable housing known as the ‘‘Brooke Rule,’’ which states that the maximum rent paid by assisted households must be no more than 30 percent of their income. 
exists in the pubjic housing and Section 8 programs. It ensures that federally subsidized housing is affordable for the lowestincome households. By stripping away this basic safeguard, this bill would make lowincome Native Americans vulnerable to unlimited increases in rent without any kind of hardship examptions in place. 
purpose of NAHASDA to provide housing for lowincome Native Americans, and this provision would seriously undermine that purpose. Republicans may not be concerned about the plight of the lowestincome Native Americans who rely on NAHASDA programs, but they are at the top of my concerns when it comes to this bill. 
Ms. MOORE , Mr. H ECKand Mr. K ILDEE for their 
efforts to reach a bipartisan agreement on this bill. However, I cannot support this reauthorization bill in its current form for all of the reasons I have stated. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 360, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BUDGET PLANNING REFORM ACT OF 2015 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 216) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a FutureYears Veterans Program and a quadrennial veterans review, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a Chief Strategy Officer, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act of 2015’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
in the FutureYears Veterans Program correlate to such fiveyear strategy. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 118 the following new item: 
shall include a comprehensive examination of the policies and strategies of the United States with respect to veterans, including recommendations regarding the longterm strategy and priorities for programs, services, benefits, and outcomes regarding veterans and guidance on the programs, assets, capabilities, budget, policies, and authorities of the Department. 
quadrennial veterans review in consultation with key officials of the Department, the heads of other Federal agencies, and other relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities, including State, local, and tribal government officials, members of Congress, veterans service organizations, private sector representatives, academics, and other policy experts. 
quadrennial veterans review is coordinated with the FutureYears Veterans Program required under section 119 of this title. 
programs and capabilities regarding veterans provided by the Federal Government; 
provide sufficient resources to successfully execute the full range of such programs and capabilities; 
the mechanisms of the Department for executing the process of turning the requirements identified in the quadrennial veterans review into a plan to meet such requirements, including an expenditure plan for the Department; and 
opportunities, and issues that could affect veterans or the Department during the ten year period following the period covered by the review. 
opportunities for, the assumed or defined veteransrelated interests of the Nation that were examined for the purposes of that review; 
commitment to veterans, including a prioritized list of the missions of the Department; 
year in which a quadrennial veterans review is conducted under this section, the Secretary shall establish an independent panel to be known as the Independent Veterans Review Panel (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Panel’). The Panel shall have the duties set forth in this subsection. 
members who are recognized experts in matters relating to veterans. The members shall be appointed as follows: 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
of the Panel. Any vacancy in the Panel shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. 
of a variety of strategies for delivering services and support to veterans; 
every 60 days during the life of the panel, or at the request of the cochairs, the Secretary shall brief the Panel on the progress of the conduct of the quadrennial veterans review. 
from the Department such information as the Panel considers necessary to carry out its duties under this subsection. The Secretary shall cooperate with the Panel to ensure that information requested by the Panel under this subparagraph is promptly provided to the maximum extent practical. 
Secretary shall make available to the Panel the services of any federally funded research and development center that is covered by a sponsoring agreement of the Department. 
provided in section 3161 of title 5 and shall be subject to the conditions set forth in such section. 
the appropriate officials of the Department written policy guidance for the preparation and review of the planning and program recommendations and budget proposals of the elements of the Department of such officials. 
Such guidance shall include guidance on the objectives of the Department in accordance 
with FutureYears Veterans Program under section 119 of this title and the quadrennial veterans review under section 120 and the resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such recommendations and proposals are to be effective.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Officer is the principal advisor to the Secretary and other senior officials of the Department, and shall provide independent analysis and advice to the Secretary and such officials. The Chief Strategy Officer shall carry out the following responsibilities: 
Years Veterans Program of the Department, as specified under section 119 of this title. 
programs for executing approved strategies and policies, ensuring that information on programs and expected outcomes is presented accurately and completely. 
and alternatives are presented accurately and completely by assisting in establishing standards, policies, and procedures for the conduct of cost estimation and cost analysis throughout the Department, including guidance relating to the proper selection of confidence levels in cost estimates generally and for specific programs of the Department. 
the Secretary regarding costs, policy assumptions, and strategic implications of current policies and possible alternatives. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 322 the following new item: 
appropriated to carry out this Act or the amendments made by this Act. This Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C LYBURN ) each will control 20 minutes. 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 216, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
would revise the process by which the Department of Veterans Affairs prepares its annual budget as a means to provide Congress with greater transparency regarding VA’s alignment of resource requirements with its strategic goals. 
The bill directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit annually to Congress a FutureYears Veterans Program reflecting estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in the budget for that fiscal year and the subsequent 4 fiscal years. 
The bill would also require the Secretary, in 2019 and every 4 years thereafter, to conduct a review of the strategy for meeting the Nation’s commitment to veterans and the resources needed to implement the strategy. To assist the Secretary in carrying out the 5year plan and the quadrennial review, the bill would require the Secretary to designate a chief strategy officer to advise the Secretary on long range VA strategy and implications. 
member panel to study the quadrennial review and report back to the Congress on the panel’s opinions of the review’s findings. The combination of the 5year budget lookahead, the quadrennial review, and the panel is intended to increase our ability to determine VA’s future needs in a manner that provides checks and balances that currently do not exist. 
Mr. Speaker, this really is a commonsense bill. No longer would VA be able to announce ambitious goals such as ending homelessness or eliminating the claims backlog without Members of Congress and the public having insight into the estimated longrange resources that are going to be needed to 
and taxpayers deserve full transparency when it comes to how scarce resources are planned to be allocated. 
no additional fund available and would require VA to accomplish this bill’s requirements within its existing resources. 
216, as amended, the Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act of 2015. 
This bill represents a bipartisan effort of the Veterans Affairs’ Committee, building on the work of former Ranking Member Michael Michaud and current Ranking Member CORRINE  
MILLER , Mr. D OUG LAMBORN of Colorado, and all of the members of the committee for their efforts on behalf of this bill. 
efforts by the VA to improve the manner in which it matches resources with requirements. H.R. 216 will improve transparency and give us in Congress, veterans, and the American people a better sense of where the VA is going and how it intends to get there. 
It is often said that the journey of a 
thousand miles begins with a single step. Far too often, it seems that, in terms of budget planning, the VA is focused on the single step and not the thousandmile journey. 
programs are provided funding under what is called ‘‘advance appropriations.’’ This means that the VA budget is put in place well before the start of the fiscal year in which it will be needed. 
This also means that the VA is attempting to estimate the demands it will face many, many months down the road. H.R. 216 will assist the VA in ensuring that these estimates are as reliable as possible. 
framework for the VA to strategically determine how best to meet the needs of veterans, while ensuring that this framework and these decisions are transparent and justified. This will assist our work here in Congress and give veterans the peace of mind that the VA is looking to the future and not caught in the past. 
out a 5year budget plan beginning in fiscal year 2020. This budget plan would be informed by a quadrennial review, initially required in fiscal year 2019, and then upgraded every 4 years. This would give the VA plenty of time to ensure that its internal processes can support these requirements. H.R. 216 would also require the Secretary to provide annual policy guidance to ensure that nearterm budgets are aligned with the VA’s longerterm strategic outlook. 
Many of the challenges the VA is facing today are remarkably similar to the problems it was facing when I served on the committee two decades ago. There is always a challenge to fit the available resources to the immediate needs and to focus on what will be required in the months ahead. It is easy to lose focus on where we are going while meeting the emergencies and crises of today. 
of us in keeping the entire journey in mind and not the single step. It will provide the information we need to look ahead, enable veterans and the American people to have the information they need to be assured that we are on the right track, and better enable the VA to get the resources it truly needs to meet the challenges it faces. 
I have no speakers, so if the gentleman is prepared to close, I am also prepared to close. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I do want to thank my good friend, Mr. CLYBURN , for helping manage this bill 
for Ms. B ROWN and also to say thank 
you to our former colleague, Mr. Michaud, who did, in fact, work long and hard to get this piece of legislation brought to the floor. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 162) calling on the President to provide Ukraine with military assistance to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity. 
democratic, and prosperous Ukraine is in the national interest of the United States; 
President Vladimir Putin has engaged in relentless political, economic, and military aggression to subvert the independence and violate the territorial integrity of Ukraine; 
Whereas this aggression includes the illegal and forcible occupation of Crimea by Russian military and security forces; 
the establishment and control of violent separatist proxies in other areas of Ukraine, including arming them with lethal weapons and other materiel including tanks, artillery, and rockets that have enabled separatist militias to launch and sustain an insurrection that has resulted in over 6,000 dead, 15,000 wounded, and more than a million displaced persons; 
Russian Federation have been infiltrated into these areas of Ukraine and continue to provide direct combat support to the separatist groups in this conflict; 
the Russian Federation against Ukraine, especially its unprovoked and armed intervention in a sovereign country, illegal and forcible occupation of its territory, and unilateral efforts to redraw the internationally recognized borders of Ukraine undermines the foundation of the international order that was established and has been defended at great cost by the United States and its allies in the aftermath of World War II; 
Ukraine is but the most visible and recent manifestation of a revisionist Kremlin strategy to redraw international borders and impose its will on its neighbors, including NATO allies; 
Petro Poroshenko addressed a Joint Meeting of Congress at which he thanked the United States for the military assistance it has provided to defend the freedom and territorial integrity of his country and asked for ‘‘both nonlethal and lethal’’ military assistance, stating that ‘‘one cannot win a war with blankets’’; 
of Staff General Martin Dempsey stated on March 3, 2015, that ‘‘we should absolutely consider providing lethal aid’’ to Ukraine; 
Whereas Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter stated on February 4, 2015, during his confirmation hearing that he is ‘‘very much inclined’’ toward providing Ukraine with weapons to defend itself; 
with the authorization and budgetary resources to provide Ukraine with military assistance to enhance its ability to defend its sovereign territory from the unprovoked and continuing aggression of the Russian Federation, including in the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014, which was signed into law on December 18, 2014; 
of 2014 specifically authorizes the provision of antiarmor weapons, crewserved weapons and ammunition, counterartillery radars, fire control, range finder, and optical and guidance and control equipment, tactical troopoperated surveillance drones, and secure command and communications equipment; 
Whereas even as it faces a massive military assault, Ukraine is confronting an economic crisis that requires both longterm financial and technical assistance by the United States and the international community, especially the countries of the European Union and the International Monetary Fund, as well as fundamental economic and 
should provide assistance to support energy diversification and efficiency initiatives in Ukraine to lessen its vulnerability to coercion by the Russian Federation; 
should continue to work with Ukrainian officials to develop plans to increase energy production and efficiency in order to increase energy security beyond the shortterm; 
Whereas the United States, in close cooperation with international donors, has provided Ukraine with macroeconomic assistance to boost Ukraine’s economy; and 
need a longterm strategy to expose and challenge Vladimir Putin’s corruption and repression at home and his aggression abroad: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representatives strongly urges the President to fully and immediately exercise the authorities provided by Congress to provide Ukraine with lethal defensive weapon systems to enhance the ability of the people of Ukraine to defend their sovereign territory from the unprovoked and continuing aggression of the Russian Federation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) and the 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
the chairman of our Committee on Foreign Affairs, appreciates Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL of New York’s 
marked the 1year anniversary of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion and occupation of Crimea. 
strengthened its hold over the peninsula, expanded its military presence, and increased its oppression of the minority Tatar population and others who refuse to bend to its occupation. 
emboldened him to expand his aggression into eastern Ukraine. Last April, Chairman EDROYCE of California, 
chairman of our committee, led a delegation to Ukraine and traveled to the Russianspeaking east. 
with wanted to be Ukrainians, not separatists; yet Moscow moved from forcibly seizing Crimea to aggressively supporting militant separatists in eastern Ukraine. Today, Mr. Speaker, the conflict in 
the east has resulted in over 6,000 deaths, at least 15,000 wounded, and more than 1 million displaced persons. 
This carnage is the work of the separatist forces controlled by Moscow, which has supplied them with massive amounts of weapons and has even sent in Russian military forces in combat supporting roles. 
Nuland testified before the Foreign Affairs Committee this month, Russia ‘‘has thousands and thousands’’ of soldiers operating in Ukraine. As she summed up: 
by the Kremlin, fueled by Russian tanks and heavy weapons, financed at Russian taxpayers’ expense. 
Mr. Speaker, the administration’s response to this crisis has been tepid at best. Six months ago, the President of Ukraine stood in this very Chamber and, while thanking the United States for our assistance so far, asked for defensive weapons to enable Ukraine to defend itself against superior forces. Pointedly, he told both Houses of Congress, ‘‘One cannot win a war with blankets,’’ which is what we are providing. 
with the First Deputy Speaker of the Ukrainian parliament, who said that his country urgently needs antitank weapons, such as the Javelin; radar to pinpoint enemy fire; and communications equipment to overcome Russian jamming. 
advanced equipment that Russia is pouring into eastern Ukraine. There is no shortage of the will to fight, only a shortage of defensive weapons. 
was made crystal clear by the Congress in December by passing the Ukraine Freedom Support Act. Top administration officials, including Secretary of 
Defense Carter and Chairman Dempsey of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, have indicated support; indeed, this weekend, NATO’s top military commander asked: Is inaction an appropriate action? We know his answer is ‘‘no.’’ 
for international security, President Obama has chosen inaction in the guise of endless deliberation; but there is far more at stake here than the fate of Ukraine, Mr. Speaker. 
country, the forcible occupation of its territory, and an effort to unilaterally redraw its internationally recognized borders will undermine the foundation of the international order that was established and has been defended at great cost by the United States and our allies. 
we will do to help Ukraine defend itself from outright assault. If it is too little, too late, those with designs on a neighboring country will feel all that more emboldened. 
for us to fight for them. They are only 
asking for the weapons they need to defend themselves. 
bipartisan resolution urging the administration to provide this critical assistance to Ukraine before it is, indeed, too late. 
strong support of this resolution, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
our chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee, my dear friend from Florida ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , 
who is very eloquent. I want to stand by every word she uttered. I agree with her 100 percent. 
in fighting for the freedom for the people of Ukraine, and it has been a pleasure to work with him on a bipartisan basis. 
this should not be partisan, and that is why we are rising today, as Democrats and Republicans—really, as Americans—to say enough is enough in Ukraine. 
cannot view the crisis in Ukraine as just some faraway conflict or someone else’s problem. This war has left thousands dead, tens of thousands wounded, a million displaced, and has begun to threaten the postcold war stability of Europe. In fact, Mr. Putin is knocking us back into the cold war, the bad old days of the cold war. 
of a massive, Kremlinbacked propaganda campaign aimed at eroding confidence in the West and democratic institutions, the same propaganda permeating allied countries on the Russian frontier that we are treatybound to defend. 
of Vladimir Putin, Russia has become a clear threat to a half century of American commitment to and investment in a Europe that is whole, free, and at peace, a Europe where borders are not changed by force. 
borders by force on the continent of Europe for the first time since World War II. This cannot stand. The United States cannot turn a blind eye to it. The United States cannot put its head in the sand and act like any other country and pretend that maybe this will go away. 
Hitler invaded Czechoslovakia and said he was going into the Sudetenland to protect ethnic Germans. Mr. Putin said the same thing about Crimea. He was going into Crimea to prevent the hurt of ethnic Russians—same nonsense. 
there were people who said: Well, you know, if we just give him the Sudetenland, he will be happy. He will be content. He will leave us alone. His aggression will stop. Some people today are saying the 
same thing: Just give Putin Crimea. Just give Putin a little bit of the eastern part of Ukraine, and he will be happy. He will go away. He won’t threaten anything else. 
him what he wants early on because it only whets his appetite for worse things to come; and at the point later on when you have to go at the bully, it will be much, much harder to defeat him, to stop him than it was if you had simply stood up to him when he started his aggression. This is what is happening now in Ukraine. 
European security since World War II, and we shouldn’t take it lightly. We shouldn’t be idle; we shouldn’t sit back, and we shouldn’t let other countries tell us what to do. 
Poroshenko stood in this very Chamber at a joint session of Congress and related the challenges facing the people of Ukraine. They desire to reclaim their dignity and rebuild their country’s future. He asked that we help the men and women fighting a war against a neighbor that they had once looked to as a friend. He told us they needed defensive weapons. They needed weapons. He said that the blankets that we are sending do not win a war. 
Poroshenko again, in Europe. And he again pled for military assistance—not to attack Moscow, not to defeat the Russian army, not even to push the Russians out of Ukrainian territory, but simply to hold the line, to slow Russia’s advance, and to give his government breathing room to focus on other threats, such as keeping the Ukrainian economy afloat. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot allow Europe’s border lands to once again become Europe’s blood lands. Fortunately, there is still time for the United States to act in a moderate but decisive fashion to help Ukraine defend itself, to limit Russia’s ability to further destabilize our friends and allies and our friends in Ukraine, in particular, and to safeguard our interests and defend our values across this region. 
NATO members, some of them not; some of them part of the former Soviet Union, some of them not; some of them former Eastern Bloc nations, some of them not—all of the ones that border on Russia are all worrying because they think that if Putin can get away with what he wants to get away with in Ukraine, will they be next. 
to send ground troops to Ukraine. The United States is not being asked to get itself involved in another war. We are simply being asked to give the Ukrainians methods to defend themselves, the weapons to defend themselves. I can’t think of anything more reasonable. We have held hearings on Ukraine. 
We have passed resolutions of support. We have sent legislation to the President’s desk. It was the last thing we passed in the last Congress. The President signed it into law, authorizing an array of assistance, including the defensive arms Ukraine so desperately needs. And here we are again to renew this call, to remind the people of Ukraine that they are not alone, and to send an unambiguous message to the administration, to the President, and to our allies in Europe that the time has come to do more. We must meet this threat together because we all have a stake in how this ends. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) 
and ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I thank the gentlelady 
April, we took a delegation to Ukraine, not just to the western part of the country, but, most importantly, we went to the east. We went to Dnipropetrovs’k. We went as far east as we could go, up against the border there of Donets’k and Luhans’k. 
We had an opportunity to have a dialogue with the Ukrainian people. We reached out to civil society. We set up meetings with women’s groups and lawyers’ groups. And across the spectrum in eastern Ukraine, speaking to Russianspeaking Ukrainians, we got, I believe, a good idea of what was on their minds—I think there were about eight members of our delegation—and they were sharing with us these words: 
What Putin is doing, what the Russians are doing right now is going out on the Internet and recruiting every skinhead and malcontent in the Russianspeaking region that they can find. And then they train these young men, and then they send them over the border to create mayhem. And what we are trying to do here—this was the explanation from the Ukrainians—we are trying to catch them. They speak with a different accent than we do, so we can catch them, and we try to hold them until this war is over. But increasingly, we find that what is happening is that the Russians are sending their own troops over. They are sending their own armor. They are sending over military equipment that we cannot defend against. 
And what they said to us is: We are 
not asking you for your assistance in this fight. All we are asking is that we might have the defensive weapons to check this assault so that we can defend ourselves in this city. We need antitank weapons. 
Speaker, that when those tanks come, those are not going to be Ukrainian separatists driving those tanks. Those are going to be Russian tankers in those tanks. 
for, and they have asked for month after month after month in order to set up a strategy that would cause the Russians to believe there were some kind of credible deterrence. But instead, we now see that Russia may try to secure a land bridge to Crimea. In other words, this conflict might escalate because of additional Russian aggression. Or they might seize strategic ports along the Black Sea, additional ports. 
lost their lives—that I know of in the conflict, from the reports I have read. You have 1 million Ukrainians that have been made refugees, that have pulled west out of the area. And obviously, to date, the actions taken by the U.S. and our EU allies, including economic sanctions and aid and diplomatic isolation—all of the talk, none of that has checked Russian aggression— or, I should say, Putin’s aggression here. And over the past year, he has clearly become bolder, even menacing NATO countries, as he seeks to divide the alliance. 
our European allies have put hope in diplomatic and ceasefire arrangements, but, frankly, that is not working. So we come back to the request. 
first deputy speaker of the Ukrainian Parliament, as ELIOT ENGEL shared 
here today on the floor, who said that his country urgently needs antitank weapons, such as the Javelin, and radar to pinpoint enemy artillery fire that is coming into their towns and communications equipment to overcome Russian jamming. That is the request. Ukrainian forces cannot match the advanced equipment that Russia is pouring into eastern Ukraine. 
here on the part of the Ukrainians. We saw many volunteers in their local militia there in Dnipropetrovs’k taking up their position, but what they have is a shortage of defensive weapons. 
month, Secretary Kerry said that the Obama administration has still not made a decision on whether to send defensive lethal military aid to Ukraine 6 months—this is 6 months—after President Poroshenko told us, as we sat here in this joint session of Congress to hear his remarks, that one cannot win the war with blankets. 
So we are at a turning point, and I 
think I agree with the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) on this. It is one 
of historic importance. If we allow aggression against Ukraine to stand without us at least offering the Ukrainians the ability to defend themselves, we will signal to the world that our willingness to defend the post World War II international order is 
crumbling. The semblance of rules the world has abided by will be severely weakened. The result could usher in an era of instability and conflict in many regions, with consequences no one can predict. Or we can allow the Ukrainians to defend themselves, and that is what we do with this legislation. 
our help to stop Russia’s efforts to sever their country. They are not asking us to do any of the fighting for them. They are only asking us for the defensive weapons that they need to defend themselves. And by passing this bipartisan resolution overwhelmingly, the House will send a strong message to the administration that it must act quickly and decisively if the U.S. is to help the Ukrainian people save their country. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 4 minutes to my good friend from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Democratic whip. 
strong support of this resolution offered by my friend, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and supported strongly by the chairman of the committee and the former chair of the committee, Ms. ROS 
This resolution is bipartisan and reflects the will of Congress that the nation of Ukraine deserves every opportunity to chart a future based on democracy, territorial integrity, and freedom from Russian aggression. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, signed in Helsinki in August of 1975. In that agreement, the thenSoviet Union and 34 other nations signed a document which said that you could not change borders by other than peaceful means. 
agreement, but he has also broken the agreement that, in 1994, we entered into with Ukraine in consideration of their giving up their nuclear weapons. Vladimir Putin has sent Russian troops into another nation. He has tried to 
mask it. He has tried the pretense that this is simply separatists who are active; but, very frankly, those troops in Ukraine have admitted to the press that they are from Russia. 
separatists has destabilized a large region in eastern Ukraine and has led to the illegal—illegal—Russian occupation of Crimea. And the world hasn’t done much to discourage not only the actions of Mr. Putin, but others who would learn the lessons of his actions. 
and its allies have imposed against Putin and his closest supporters, as well as measures to isolate Russian businesses that have enabled this aggression, are having serious effects, but not yet the effect that we want. I believe that our Nation also has a 
responsibility to stand shoulderto shoulder with the people of Ukraine and their democratically elected government by sending them the tools they need to defend themselves. This is not a new position for me. When the Serbs effected a genocide in Bosnia Herzegovina, we had an arms embargo on the people of Bosnia while arms were flowing in from other parts of the world to Serbia. I thought that was wrong. 
I think today the unwillingness or inability to create a consensus for giving to a people the ability to defend themselves is not good policy. If we continue to do so, there is no doubt in my mind that Mr. Putin will continue on his path of aggression and acquisition. 
support Ukraine on its march towards greater democracy, stronger human rights, and a brighter future for its people. I urge my colleagues to join in supporting this resolution. 
I thank the chairman for yielding and for his sponsorship of this resolution with Mr. ENGEL and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . 
Civil war appears imminent in Yemen. Libya has now become a fullfledged terrorist training center threatening all of north Africa. And Iran moves closer to nuclear capacity every day. So it is understandable that the attention of the media and the American people seem to be focused elsewhere other than on Ukraine. 
leading a bipartisan delegation of the Defense Appropriations Committee to Ukraine, and I am here to report that the situation there is downright alarming. 
ceasefire, Vladimir Putin is using Ukraine as a test bed for a new type of warfare by using proxy insurgents and Russian special forces, army troops, to carry out his campaign to reclaim Ukraine as part of the old Russian empire. After annexing Crimea a year ago, he is transforming that peninsula into a heavily armed Russian camp—a platform indeed. 
goggles, and meals that are ready to eat are not enough. Ukraine needs non NATO ally military support, and it needs it now. 
Petro Poroshenko, appealed to us again to provide lethal weaponry—antitank weapons, small arms, and antiaircraft systems—to help them defend their territory from the Russian onslaught. It is all about preserving and protecting Ukraine’s independence. That is what this is all about: the largest country in Europe. He knows he cannot win a war against Russia, but he believes that the 
agree. Our delegation left Kiev believing that the future of Ukraine is a matter of significant importance to the national security of these United States. 
Europeans are watching intensely with apprehension how our President responds. They are looking closely, as are our adversaries and the Russian leadership. What future steps will they take if we do not act now? 
show the leadership, our President, and this administration that this resolution makes sense. They need to give Ukraine this nonNATO ally support, and they need to do it now. 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), my good friend. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Ladies and gentlemen, on the bleached bones of many past great nations are written those pathetic words: Too late. Too late. We moved too late to save them. 
are almost at that point with Ukraine. Anyone who has followed the Russian model under Putin knows full well what his aim is to reclaim that territory, that empire, of the old Soviet Union. Now, if Ukraine goes, what happens to Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia? And just today in the news we hear where Russia has threatened a nuclear response, I believe it is, to Denmark. 
The world now is a very dark, a very dangerous, and a very evil place. And when those three things get together, there must be that shining light on the hill that shows the way out of the darkness. Throughout history, that light has been the United States of America. 
President Obama will hear our plea as Democrats and as Republicans. We have got to help save Ukraine from Russia. 
Assembly. For 12 years I have served on NATO. I have served as the chairman of the Science and Technology Committee. 
here to tell you, ladies and gentlemen, if we don’t act here, there will be a devastation on the European continent the likes of which we have not seen since World War II. We don’t need to repeat that. Let us rise to this occasion. Let us do the right thing. Let us be that shining light on the hill that shows the way out of this darkness. 
life you have just got to stand up to the bully. The United States must stand up to Putin and let him know that there is a light in this world, and 
the United States is going to show the way. The best way to do that today is to pass this resolution, and let’s send Ukraine the military help that they need to protect themselves and the legacy of this fine country. 
now, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Let me say that by passing this resolution, the House sends a clear message of support and solidarity to the people of Ukraine. It is past time that our government does more to help these true friends of liberty defend their land and deter aggression. I know that if the United States shows leadership here, others will follow. 
sponsor of this important resolution. I thank Chairman ROYCE for working 
with me on this. The two of us have worked very, very closely together, particularly on Ukraine, and we both feel very, very strongly. I agree with every comment that was uttered today by all the people speaking on this resolution. 
We are a beacon of freedom to the world, and if we don’t act now, who will? Again, let me reiterate: the people of Ukraine are not looking for American troops, and they are not looking for American boots on the ground. There is no slippery slope here. They are just looking for the weapons to defend themselves. They don’t have those weapons. We do. If we care about freedom and we care about fighting aggression, we need to give the people of Ukraine the right and the means to defend themselves. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this very important resolution. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
us that echo down through history: Too late. Too late. 
administration many months ago to transfer defensive weapons to Ukraine that can be used to check further aggression. That has not happened. This bipartisan resolution will direct the administration to take that step so that Ukrainians can defend themselves. 
vote for this bipartisan resolution urging the administration to provide this crucial assistance to Ukraine before it is, in fact, too late for the Ukrainians to defend themselves. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H. Res. 162, a resolution which urges the President to utilize his authority, granted by Congress in December of last year, to begin providing military aid to the government of Ukraine. 
which the corrupt thenUkrainian President Viktor Yanukovych fled the country, the Russian Federation has made every effort through political, economic, and military means to subvert both the independence and the democratic aspirations of the Ukrainian people. 
United States not to recognize the absorption of Crimea into Russia through referendum—a referendum that took place against the backdrop of masked gunmen, widely believed to be unmarked Russian special forces, commandeering Crimean government buildings and intimidating voters. 
In a recently aired Russian television documentary, President Putin acknowledges that plans were already in place to reabsorb Crimea into Russian territory weeks before the March 2014 referendum was held. 
Ukrainian territory repeatedly, providing tanks, artillery, and rockets to separatist militias, which has resulted in a conflict leaving over 6,000 dead, 15,000 wounded, and more than a million displaced persons. 
Mr. Speaker, Russia is openly breeding opposition to Ukrainian democracy through its veiled support of separatists, who on July 17, 2014, destroyed Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, a civilian airliner, utilizing a Russianmade missile which took the lives of all 298 innocent persons on board. 
The United States has already made available to Ukraine economic and nonlethal equipment meant to shore up the country from Russianbacked rebels. 
However, it is clear now that Russia has no 
intention of ceasing aggression against the democratic government of Ukraine. 
The time has come for the United States to 
provide military aid to Ukraine to shore up its military, a military under assault by these Russianbacked separatists who have repeatedly broken their promises for a ceasefire against the democratic nation of Ukraine. 
democratically elected president Petro Poroshenko, in a joint meeting of Congress on September 14, 2014, and is endorsed by both Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey and Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States has no intention of allowing Russia to redraw international borders as it pleases and subverting the democracy of our Ukrainian ally. 
giving President Obama explicit authorization to provide military aid to the Ukrainian government. 
its continued support of the Government of Ukrainian in its struggle to resist this heinous aggression from Russia. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all Members to join me 
this bipartisan resolution urging the President to provide defensive weapons to Ukraine. 
of Russia’s annexation of Crimea and it has been almost a yearandhalf since the protests in Maidan where the Ukrainian people stood together demanding a democratic and sovereign state. This past yearandhalf has been a somber time for all of us, as we learn of the 6,000 deaths, the millions of wounded and displaced, and the enormous suffering endured by the Ukrainian people. 
needs to stand with Ukraine by providing defensive weapons to help Ukraine counter Russian aggression and move past the current crisis. We should provide defense provisions, such as antitank weapons, counterartillery radars, and ammunition to counter Russia backed separatists. In doing so, we show solidarity with the Ukrainian people who have demonstrated their willingness to do their part, and we make it more difficult for Russia to wage a proxy war against Ukraine while publicly denying it. 
To be sure, there is no quick or military solution to the problem. Defensive weapons alone cannot shield Ukraine from Russia’s aggression—but they can help the Ukrainian effort in continuing to build a sovereign state, free from Russia’s interference. And there is much more we can do. We should provide humanitarian assistance to embattled regions, help train the judiciary and law enforcement, and share our expertise in law and medicine. 
I have tremendous hope for Ukraine’s future. Its people have shown time and again their determination to build a democratic Ukraine with prosperity shared by all Ukrainians. Let us help them now with the defensive weapons they need. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 162. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 53) condemning the cowardly attack on innocent men, women, and children in the northeastern Nigerian town of Baga, as amended. 
the terrorist group Boko Haram launched a horrific attack on innocent men, women, and children in the northeastern Nigerian town of Baga; 
assault rifles, grenade launchers, and fire to slaughter innocent civilians and the scope of casualties in this one attack totals in the hundreds and possibly thousands; 
Whereas some nongovernmental organizations have described the attack in Baga as the terrorist group’s ‘‘deadliest massacre’’ to date; 
largely unable to prevent Boko Haram’s territorial advances in the northeast since July 2014; Whereas human rights groups have indicated that the Nigerian state security forces should improve efforts to protect civilians during offensive operations against Boko Haram; 
Whereas this Islamist terrorist group, designated as a United States Foreign Terrorist Organization in November 2013, has killed over 5,000 people in Nigeria in 2014 alone and displaced over 1,000,000 innocent people; 
in the neighboring countries of Cameroon, Niger, and Chad; 
voiced support for and received some funding and training from other Islamist terrorist groups, such as al Qaeda and its affiliates, and has recently embraced propaganda tactics similar to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL); 
official allegiance to ISIL, which ISIL has publicly accepted; 
Whereas Boko Haram has abducted hundreds of civilians, using women and children as slaves, subjecting them to sexual abuse, and deploying them as suicide bombers, and forcibly recruiting boys as child soldiers; 
disrupt the Nigerian elections and attacks such as the one in Baga may result in many Nigerians being unable to vote in the upcoming national elections; 
Whereas electionrelated violence in Nigeria has occurred in successive elections, including in 2011, when nearly 800 people died and some 65,000 were displaced in clashes following the presidential election; 
Major General (retired) Muhammadu Buhari, and other presidential candidates signed the ‘‘Abuja Accord’’ on January 14, 2015, committing themselves and their campaigns to refrain from public statements that incite violence, to run on issuebased platforms that do not seek to divide citizens along religious or ethnic lines, and to support the impartial conduct of the electoral commission and the security services; 
emphasize the importance of ensuring the upcoming elections are peaceful, nonviolent, and credible; 
Whereas Nigeria was scheduled to hold national elections on February 14, 2015, but the elections were postponed for 6 weeks and are now scheduled for March 28, 2015; 
are high, and either electoral fraud or violence could undermine the credibility of the upcoming election; 
Whereas Nigeria is Africa’s largest economy, biggest oil producer, and most populous nation, making it an influential country in the region; and 
the United States and it is in the best interest of the United States to maintain close ties with Nigeria: Now, therefore, be it 
attacks on civilian targets, including schools, mosques, churches, villages, and markets in Nigeria; 
of an expanded relationship between Boko Haram and ISIL in light of Boko Haram’s pledge of allegiance to ISIL; 
to strengthen efforts to protect civilians from the terrorists of Boko Haram, including 
through cooperation with neighboring countries and other international actors; 
the commitments outlined in the ‘‘Abuja Accord’’ and the Government of Nigeria to hold their elections without further delay on March 28, 2015; 
the Government of Nigeria to combat Boko Haram and search for those who have been abducted by Boko Haram; and 
the African Union for their efforts to establish a regional security force, which will include Chad, Niger, Nigeria, Cameroon, and Benin, to combat Boko Haram and supports offers of robust security assistance to strengthen the force’s capacity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
in moving this resolution today to the House floor, and I commend Ms. KELLY , 
a new member of the committee, for her focus on this important issue. The Africa Subcommittee chairman, CHRIS 
done indepth work on Nigeria, and on Boko Haram in particular. I appreciate their travels to Nigeria. 
presidential election this weekend. It is expected to be the continent’s most consequential political event in years. Africa’s most populous nation has over 70 million registered voters who will report to more than 100,000 polling stations. 
with election observer responsibility there for one of these national elections in Nigeria, along with General Colin Powell at the time. 
Let me tell you, the political environment is always tense, but it is especially tense now. The leading candidates are neck and neck, as was the case then. 
I just have to say that we have seen 
Nigeria transition from military rule to democracy in the election that General Powell and I witnessed, and that was a very peaceful—very peaceful— time. But recent elections in Nigeria have seen political violence, and we are right to be concerned. 
candidates to respect their pledges of nonviolence and insist that the government hold a free, fair, and credible election, and that they do so on time. This election date has already been postponed once. 
grave insecurity in the north at the hands of Boko Haram, which loosely translates to ‘‘Western education is sin.’’ This Islamist terrorist organization indiscriminately kills in mass and pillages villages in their quest to establish a sharia state. Satellite images document that after Boko Haram comes through, villages are literally wiped off the map. 
deaths last year, in 2014, and displacing over 1 million people last year, making this organization, by the way, one of the world’s most deadly. But this weekend, forces fighting Boko Haram reported discovering another hundred bodies in a shallow mass grave. We don’t really know how many they have killed out there in total, but we know that the killing continues. 
Haram’s violence, I wasn’t surprised to see that that group pledges allegiance to ISIS. ISIS publicly accepted the overture claiming this new relationship expands their selfdeclared caliphate to west Africa. At the same time, we have seen Boko Haram’s propaganda increase in quality, mimicking the production of ISIS videos sweeping what we call the virtual caliphate on the Internet. 
that Nigeria’s neighbors, Chad, Niger, and Cameroon, have all been making progress in the fight against Boko Haram under a newly established African Union regional force. 
northern Nigerian towns to date from Boko Haram and from that harsh rule. This is a good beginning, but this African Union regional force lacks equipment and it lacks training. This resolution expresses the House’s support for robust security assistance to these troops in their fight against Boko Haram. 
on other countries in the region. Nigeria’s security forces should have the lead role to play. If dismantling Boko Haram is the goal, we need a well trained, wellequipped Nigerian military. We must make sure there are no impediments, legislative or otherwise, to providing this muchneeded assistance. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H. Res. 53. I would like to begin by commending 
our colleague ROBIN KELLY , our colleague on the Foreign Affairs Committee. She is a new member of the committee. We are delighted to have her. I want to commend her for introducing this important resolution, which condemns the brutal terrorist group Boko Haram and calls for free, fair, and ontime elections in Nigeria. 
I also want to commend our colleague FREDERICA WILSON of Florida, 
who has raised this issue more than anyone else time and time and time again with resolutions on the House floor and just in general. So I want to thank Ms. WILSON of Florida. 
KAREN BASSof our committee, the Africa Subcommittee, who have also together pushed for a resolution of importance as this. 
Haram has torn a path of violence and destruction across northeastern Nigeria, ruthlessly killing civilians, kidnapping children, and looting and destroying towns. In the last year, they have started to swallow up territory and, just a few weeks ago, they pledged allegiance to ISIS, the Islamic State. 
The Nigerian Government has a responsibility to protect its citizens, but, obviously, it hasn’t done nearly enough to confront this horrific group. Only in the past month, with Presidential elections looming, has Nigeria seemed to get more serious about turning back the tide of Boko Haram. 
In recent weeks, neighboring countries, including Chad, Niger, and Cameroon, have stepped up their efforts to combat the group, and we have seen real results. In some cases, troops in those nations have had to occupy towns they have liberated inside Nigeria because Nigerian forces simply aren’t showing up to do their part. That is, obviously, disgraceful. 
Instead of providing professional security forces and longterm economic investment into a long neglected region of the country, what I see are last minute political stunts to persuade Nigerian voters to reelect President Jonathan. 
of this resolution: Nigeria’s upcoming elections. Presidential elections were supposed to take place on February 14, but were delayed until March 28 because of concerns about Boko Haram. Many believe this delay was politically motivated. Elections lacking legitimacy in Nigeria, which is Africa’s most populous nation, could, obviously, send a destabilizing shock wave across the continent. 
This resolution urges the Government of Nigeria to hold elections on March 28, without further delay, and for all parties to refrain from violence. 
Mr. Speaker, Nigeria is a huge nation. It is the largest nation populationwise in Africa. What happens in Nigeria is very important. What happens in Nigeria counts. Nigeria needs to set a strong example for the region and for the continent by holding credible elections and by getting serious about Boko Haram. Nigeria needs to send a very strong message about that. I strongly support this resolution and 
urge all my colleagues to support it as well. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD), chairman of the Information Technology Subcommittee of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
I had the honor of serving my country for almost a decade as an undercover officer in the CIA. I was in the back alleys and bazaars of South Asia and the Middle East. I was the guy recruiting spies and stealing secrets and collecting intelligence on threats to our homeland, so I know a little something about dealing with bad guys. I looked our enemies in their eyes and I know what they were capable of. 
Those who are committed to spreading terror, murdering and destroying the lives of the innocent, such as Boko Haram, cannot be reasoned with because they are not reasonable. They cannot be bargained with because they do not value the lives of others. They have nothing to lose. Only their destruction will stop their reign of terror over the men, women, and children of northeastern Nigeria. 
help. Let’s help Nigeria and other nations, such as Chad, Niger, and Cameroon, to help their citizens. When terrorists such as Boko Haram are allowed to operate unchecked, our world is less safe and less free. 
in the world, let’s extend a hand to our friends in Nigeria and let them know that we stand with them in this war on terror. 
resolution. And I want to thank my colleague from Illinois, Congressman ROBIN KELLY , for her hard work and 
my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas, SHEILA JACKSONLEE, my friend. 
me, with enthusiasm, thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. ROYCE , 
and the ranking member, both my friends, and my friend from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). We have worked together 
I am both a student of Nigeria and a 
Member of Congress who has one of the largest—I am being polite. I believe I have the largest population of Nigerian Americans in my congressional area, which is in Houston, Texas. And we are very proud of the contributions that Africans from the continent but, in particular, in this instance, Nigerian Americans have made over the years. 
Congressman C HABOT the Nigerian Caucus. I invite my colleagues to join because Nigeria is the largest population and I think the largest economy. I know that South Africa has been touted as such, but the numbers go up and down. There are many good people in Nigeria who want a better education for their children and for that economy to help develop all of Nigeria. 
I represent a number of energy companies who have been in Nigeria for at least half a century. But, more importantly, we have seen Nigeria do some very positive things. And might I first make sure that I mention Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY , who I know is en 
route. I want to thank her for her leadership on this legislation. I am delighted to cosponsor. I had likewise introduced legislation that was legislation sponsored by myself and Congressman CHABOT . But I am delighted to 
have the opportunity to support this legislation, which is, in essence, a combination of our points about Nigeria. And also to acknowledge Congresswoman CAROLYN MALONEY and Congresswoman F REDERICA WILSON , whom 
we have been working together with on Boko Haram. 
some positive successes. It is one of the only and first states on the continent to fight and successfully overcome Ebola, to have the kind of medical care and science to make sure that they eliminated Ebola in Nigeria, even though one of the first cases was in Nigeria by way of someone traveling to Nigeria. 
of the making of the Nigerian people but in a northern state, unfortunately through the misunderstandings and the horrors of believing—not only believing but evidence—that the resources of Nigeria did not reach northern state, Bono state. ISIS was able to root its evilness. And, of course, it has been in Nigeria for a period of time. 
came to our attention with the taking of 165plus girls and boys that we all know in terms of the tragedy of taking the girls. 
In the spring of 2014, I led a bipartisan delegation to Bono state and met with families whose girls had been taken and whose girls were still taken. I met with Jubilee, an organization that had saved some of the girls and were educating them here. 
This resolution is particularly important because it tracks the legislation I authored, H. Res. 143, and condemns the cowardly acts of what has occurred through Boko Haram, particularly in the town of Baga, where it is alleged that thousands were killed. It also focuses on the Nigerian election, where we are asking that the elections pending this weekend will be held expeditiously and safely. 
I want to mention that we understand that Boko Haram is a heinous evil group that kills children and men and women and innocent persons and burns down villages and intimidates people who just want democracy and an opportunity to live. That means these elections are crucial. And those who stand for election, they must stand for democracy and the ending of the siege of Boko Haram in whatever way it can be. 
the African Union, of which I raised a question with them, led by Chad and Nigeria and other countries to fight off the siege of Boko Haram. But let me be very clear that Boko Haram wants to be associated with ISIS. They want to continue to be heinous and evil and dangerous. They must be weeded out, and the continent of Africa must stand with them. 
has been a victims fund set up. It is important for the Government of Nigeria to fund that victims fund and use that victims fund for the broken families and broken children. We know that Boko Haram has caused the death of over 9,000 persons. 
This resolution asks for the recognition of the dangers of Boko Haram and the elimination of Boko Haram and the safety and security of a strong election. 
say that I urge the candidates to stand for peaceful elections. I urge the people to exercise their right to vote. I urge the international community to continue to support and promote a safe and free and fair election. And I urge the winner to bring people together and to stop this horrible siege. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong and enthusiastic support of H. Res. 53, a resolution condemning the cowardly attack on innocent men, women and children in the Northeastern Nigerian town of Baga. 
of Nigeria to hold a safe, free, and fair election on March 28, 2015. 
I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their commitment to peace, security, stability, justice and democracy around the world in general and in Nigeria in particular, and for shepherding this important resolution to the floor. 
KAREN BARR and Chairman S MITH of the African SubCommittee. 
Mr. Speaker, many of us are very passionate about this very important issue of peace, security, stability and democracy in Nigeria. 
largest economies, possesses abundant natural resources and a historically capable military force which has provided regional stability and humanitarian support to its African neighbors and other countries around the world. 
a stable economy in Nigeria have a great bearing on global peace, security and stability because of its posture in the African continent. 
Mr. Speaker, since I have been in Congress, I have worked to promote peace, security, stability, democracy and economic empowerment in Nigeria. 
143, a resolution urging the government of Nigeria to move forward expeditiously with national general elections. 
Also, last year in response to the devastating kidnapping of the Chibok school girls, I led a bipartisan congressional delegation to Nigeria, along with my colleagues FREDERICA  
While we were in Nigeria, we met with key 
stakeholders for peace in Nigeria: political, community and civil society leaders. 
the ground in Nigeria, we called for the creation of a Nigerian fund to compensate the victims of the Boko Haram attacks, starting with the families of the kidnapped schoolgirls. 
prior concerted efforts to catalyze peace, security, stability, and free and fair elections in Nigeria. 
democratic political processes, including safe, free, and fair elections are under direct attack by the terrorist group Boko Haram. 
Boko Haram’s terroristic activities are intended to wreak havoc on and incite fear on the part of the Nigerian people in order that they stay away from the polls. 
direct derogation of the constitutionally protected rights of the Nigerian people to exercise their right to vote. 
death of over 9,000 persons, according to a report by the Council on Foreign Relations and over 1.5 million persons have been displaced in Nigeria and regionally as reported by Amnesty International. 
such as the school girls from the Government Girls Secondary School in the Northeastern province of Chibok, Boko Haram has become more brazen with children now being used as bomb shields as recent news reports inform us. 
raping, pillaging and stealing the resources of innocent villagers who are not able to defend themselves. 
and terrorist organization that needs to be dismantled and defeated. 
regional extremism is critical to the security not only the Nigerian and African people but of the United States and the global community. 
and security in Nigeria and Africa continues to be underscored by each and every cowardly brutal act by Boko Haram. 
in view of the fact that this band of cowards 
and terrorists has now cast its lot with ISIS. 
stands in solidarity with the Nigerian people in condemning Boko Haram and supporting a government that promotes peace, security, stability and democracy in Nigeria. 
people’s constitutional right to exercise their right to vote and have their voices heard. 
Today, 5 days before March 28, the National elections, a historical day for the country of Nigeria, I have four concluding points to make: 
Johnathan and Muhammadu Buhari to adhere to the 2015 Abuja Accord to avoid any conduct or behavior that will endanger the political stability and national security of Nigeria and fully abide by all rules and regulations as laid down in the legal framework for elections in Nigeria; 
their right to vote and promote peace as they engage in this sacred act of lending their voices to the political process which will affect their future and the future of Nigerian youth; 
3. I urge the international community to continue to support and promote a safe, free and fair election in Nigeria and sustainable democracy to promote economic upward mobility in Nigeria and opportunities for youth; and 
4. I urge the winner of the national election, 
whomever he may be to protect the Nigerian people from the scourge of Boko Haram, and to help find the abducted girls and work with the United States and regional governments in Africa to contain and ultimately defeat Boko Haram. 
democratic elections, the creative weapons of transparency, peace coalition building, addressing grievances, negotiations, the use of social media, infrastructure building and political intellectual capital building. 
great pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ), the author of this resolution. 
Ranking Member E NGEL for their bipartisan leadership in helping bring the attention of Congress to the vile acts of the terror group Boko Haram. 
This weekend, the international community received the sickening news that a mass grave with beheaded remains was uncovered in formerly Boko Haramheld territory in northern Nigeria. 
never tolerate terrorism, and this Congress will never abide terrorists. Despite their beliefs, a few things about Boko Haram are quite clear to the world. 
Abubakar Shekau’s acts are cowardly. He remains a man who fears the power of the people of Nigeria, a man afraid of the promise and potential of girls who are educated and whose minds will change the world. 
Haram because they are on the wrong side of it. They have mistaken cowardice for courage, and their crimes 
against innocent men, women, and children cannot be forgiven. 
demanded that Boko Haram bring back the 200 school girls they kidnapped because they wanted to be educated. They defied these calls. 
innocent Nigerians—an estimated 17,000 since 2011. And this month, we received the news that they have sworn allegiance to ISIS. 
outraged at the brutality and senselessness of Boko Haram’s crimes. Victimizing innocent men, women, and children for perverse ideological gain will never be tolerated or treated as just by the international community. 
and this Congress can affirm that we stand for the human rights, dignity, and security of the Nigerian people; that we will not tolerate a world in which Boko Haram, or any terrorist organization, can slaughter innocent civilians; that we respect the right of women to be educated without the threat of violence; and that we support free and fair elections free of suppression and intimidation. 
floor, and we stand today with the force and confidence that is much stronger than groups of the likes of Boko Haram. 
I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL , Congresswoman 
leadership on this issue, Congressman WILLHURDof Texas for being the first 
to come across the aisle and lend his name to this resolution, and I thank all of the other Members who stood up and spoke out against the cowardly acts of Boko Haram and ISIS. I urge my colleagues to pass this important resolution. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
In our committee, we heard the testimony of Deborah Peters, a young girl from northern Nigeria. She survived, but she was tied to her father’s body and her brothers, who were massacred by Boko Haram. 
She came to tell us about what it was 
like, of her girlfriends or her schoolmates, of course, who have never been returned and of her chilling account of the practices committed as that village was decimated—‘‘decimated’’ is not the right word—as that village was eliminated. 
I mean, we are talking about communities here—villages—in which there are a handful of survivors when Boko Haram comes through, of young people like Deborah who are left with a world shattered, with their families massacred and, in her case, in front of her very eyes. 
Now, as this country of Nigeria prepares for elections, this insurgency that is burning in the north is creating a huge problem. U.S. support for the 
African Union force, which is making some gains in stomping out Boko Haram’s violent march, has got to be stepped up. The region’s stability depends on it. 
that the presidential election in Nigeria is going to be critical not just for Nigeria, but for the region. Nigeria has the largest population and the largest economy. The outcome could have a farreaching impact. 
for that. It spells out the need for a nonviolent, free, and fair election. Not only do I thank her for drafting this resolution, but I thank her and ELIOT 
ENGEL and C HRIS SMITH and all of our 
committee members who have been focused on Nigeria and Boko Haram. 
time and energy to this mission of trying to figure out how we can bring support to the Nigerian military in their effort to suppress Boko Haram. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
with other Members who have worked on this issue—I mentioned FREDERICA  
United States, and Congress must stay strongly engaged on these key issues of democracy and security pertaining to Nigeria. 
for moving this resolution to the floor in a timely manner before the upcoming election in Nigeria. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 53, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
amended so as to read: ‘‘A resolution condemning the cowardly attacks on innocent men, women, and children in northeastern Nigeria by Boko Haram and urging a peaceful and credible national election’’. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
131 on Calling on the President to provide Ukraine with military assistance to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity, H. Res. 162, I am not recorded because of prior commitments in the Congressional District. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
had handson experience balancing a budget, sitting at the kitchen table long after the kids have gone to bed shuffling through bills and pay stubs. We all know the feeling. In my family, balancing our budget isn’t just a priority, it is a requirement. We must view America’s budget the same way. 
Budget for a Stronger America is not only realistic, but proactive. Our budget not only balances in less than 10 years, it does so without raising taxes. It places our country on a path to pay off the overwhelming mound of debt we face and creates a simpler Tax Code to ensure we continue to flourish. 
be bigger and the voices may be louder, but the same rules apply. Our budget balances and provides American families with the security they deserve. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, we are approaching the 1year anniversary of the kidnapping of more than 200 Nigerian girls by psychopaths who call themselves Boko Haram. Since their abduction, almost every week has brought fresh reports of outrages and slaughters by the terrorists, but only silence about the girls. There have been some unconfirmed reports that some of the girls have been taken across Nigeria’s borders and that some have died of snakebites and illness. 
Recently, the Emir of Kano in Nigeria challenged every Muslim leader in the country to speak up and put an end to Boko Haram in their country. That is a good start. But let’s also call on all of the leaders of Africa to unite, to rid their government and their continent of Boko Haram, and, as one, to do everything in their power to Bring Back Our Girls. Let’s reunite them with their families. Let’s end this horror. Let’s Bring Back Our Girls. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jim Smith, the longtime coach of St. John’s University’s basketball team. 
season as the winningest college basketball coach at any level in Minnesota history. Nationwide, he is ranked 14th in the NCAA, with a career record of 786 wins and 556 losses. 
as well. Beloved both on the court and in the greater Collegeville community, Coach Smith is known for being inspiring, competitive, and one of the friendliest people you would have the pleasure of meeting. This legendary coach leaves behind big shoes to fill. 
SASSOON FAMILY OF BROOKLYN, NEW YORK, FOR THEIR UNSPEAKABLE LOSS 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today with a very heavy heart. This weekend, my district experienced an unspeakable loss. One of our families in the Midwood section of Brooklyn lost seven of its children to a horrific fire. I wanted to come to the floor to just extend our condolences to the Sassoon family, where mother and daughter are currently hospitalized. We are wishing them a speedy and healthy recovery. 
mourn the loss of these children, and we will do everything we can going forward to impress upon the community, those with large families, the importance of fire safety, and that we make sure that we keep our loved ones safe by having fire detectors on every floor of our homes and fire extinguishers where possible. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
mother makes wonderful doublechocolate brownies. As a kid, I would take them to school, and the PTA would sell them in the school bake sale to raise money for projects like uniforms for the school band and cheerleaders. 
they would take brownies for school bake sales as well. And now my grandkids can still use their great grandmother’s brownie recipe for school bake sales. 
But warning, Mr. Speaker: the Federal school food police are regulating school bake sales. You see, now the government wants to control and, in some cases, prohibit school bake sales in the name of making kids healthier. No more homemade cupcakes, brownies, or baked goods unless they meet government calorie, sugar, and fat standards. Not healthy, sayeth the bake sale police. 
the parent of American kids. What is next? Are they going to tell schoolkids what they can wear? 
whether to have bake sales or not. Uncle Sam doesn’t know better. Parents know better. 
the fifth anniversary of the President’s new health care law, and it is apparent that the law has made it much more difficult for hardworking Americans to have flexibility with their own health care choices. 
For instance, health care savings accounts and flexible savings accounts put power in the hands of patients by letting them make their own decisions when it comes to their own care. 
prohibits someone from using their own money in their own health care savings account or flexible spending account to purchase simple overthe counter medications like Advil or Claritin unless they first get a doctor’s prescription. This makes absolutely no sense. 
Health Care Flexibility Act that will restore the ability of parents to take control of their own decisions when it comes to the care of their children in purchasing overthecounter medications without a doctor’s prescription. 
onesizefitsall centralized health care system, we need solutions that provide patients with greater value, more choices, and lower costs. 
JOINT REAPPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE 
Chair announces, on behalf of the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the United States Senate, their joint reappointment, pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended by Public Law 114–6, of the following individuals on March 23, 2015, each to a 2 year term on the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) is recognized for 60 
first, I yield to the gentlewoman from Washington, Congresswoman DELBENE. 
remember the events from 1 year ago when lives in my district changed in a matter of seconds. Part of a mountainside slid into the Steelhead Haven neighborhood, claiming 43 lives, numerous homes, and damaging public infrastructure. 
The people of Oso, Darrington, Arlington, the Stillaguamish Tribe, and the SaukSuiattle Tribe will never be the same, but I have great faith in these communities. 
heartbreaking disaster. It caused unbelievable devastation and tragic loss of life. But even through such a painful tragedy, it has been inspiring to see how the community has come together, people doing everything they can to help each other. Their response in the face of calamity has been incredible. 
to honor the memories of those we lost and recognize everyone’s efforts, including the first responders who selflessly risked their lives to save others. 
Recovery continues to be a slow, difficult process, but I am confident that through our work together we will continue to get through these difficult times stronger and closer than ever. 
like the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, and the State Department of Transportation responded to calls for aid when our communities needed roads rebuilt, an extension for filing taxes, help to get kids to school, or to find new housing. 
until these communities are fully restored. But instead of simply sending aid after a disaster, lawmakers need to do more to ensure that we fund programs and research efforts to prevent future natural disasters from becoming national tragedies. 
spending time in these communities and with local emergency command centers was the spirit, courage, and cooperation of everyone who pitched in to help. 
this was the first time they allowed locals to be so heavily involved in rescue efforts. They did so because the people of these communities brought unique skills, experience, and determination. For example, loggers understood how to use heavy machinery in a challenging environment with 40 feet of mud, rocks, and trees. It was the first natural disaster where everyone—Federal and local—worked together so well. 
need to work together to ensure our communities are better prepared for natural disasters and landslides, in particular. 
plan to introduce legislation that would standardize and share research and mapping methods across the country while increasing funding for research and hazard assessments in high risk areas. In addition, a primary goal of my bill will be to determine a national strategy to increase public awareness of the risks associated with landslides and identify slideprone areas. We must also create education programs and increase rapid response efforts because, as we all know too well, disasters strike with little warning. 
lost in the slide and the incredible community that continues to be ‘‘Oso strong.’’ 
as we enter the final week of Women’s History Month, the Congressional Black Caucus would like to use tonight’s Special Order hour to examine the unique challenges that women face in America today. Many of these experiences are shared across the socioeconomic spectrum, and some are more specific to African American women. 
without knowing it possibly, without claiming it, she stands up for all women. 
and our Nation has been strengthened by women who have taken stands for their rights. But tonight, the Congressional Black Caucus also stands up for millions of women across America. 
gaps, workforce treatment, family issues, health disparities, and a host of other concerns women face in America. 
Each Women’s History Month we recognize those pioneers who broke glass ceilings and paved the way for women’s rights and equality: Abigail Adams; Phillis Wheatley; Lucretia Mott; Sojourner Truth; Harriet Tubman; Ella Baker; Rosa Parks; the Honorable Shirley Chisolm; Coretta Scott King; Ruth Bader Ginsberg; and the Honorable Loretta Lynch. 
Still, we can’t lose sight of the challenges that remain for women. We must all continue the work needed to eliminate gender inequalities once and for all. 
Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, women continue to earn less than men. Women make only 78 cents for every dollar earned by men, amounting to a yearly gap of $11,000 between full time men and women. That $11,000 lost could purchase 89 more weeks of food, or more than 3,000 additional gallons of gas, or more than 1 year of rent for a woman’s family. 
Latinas, the pay gap is even larger. African American women on average earn 
only 64 cents and Latinas on average earn only 55 cents for every dollar earned by white, nonHispanic men. 
workers are women. Yet, the minimum wage has not kept up with inflation over the last 45 years. With the minimum wage now, using inflationadjusted terms, minimum wage women are earning more than 30 percent lower than they were in 1968. 
few of the issues facing women that we will address tonight. I want to thank the chairman of the CBC, the Honorable G.K. BUTTERFIELD , for allowing us 
the great State of Ohio, Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY . 
my colleague, the gentlewoman from Illinois, for leading us in tonight’s Special Order to address the unique challenges black women face. 
that we are discussing the contributions of women in our society during March as we celebrate Women’s History Month. 
sacrificed and led the charge in women’s rights, voting rights, civil rights, and rights in this Chamber. 
played a critical role in our Nation’s history. In Congress, women like Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm, the first African American female to serve in Congress and to run for President of these United States. Congresswoman Barbara Jordan, first black woman in Congress from the deep South. 
remember the words that we still hear and say so often when we talk about women: unbought and unbossed. 
who became the first African American female woman elected to the United States Senate. 
black woman to serve in a Presidential Cabinet and the first woman to hold two Cabinet positions—the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and, later, Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
Ohio, the seventhlargest State in this Nation, Stephanie Tubbs Jones, only to be followed by two women, Congresswoman MARCIA FUDGE and myself, representing the Third Congressional District. 
and unequal treatment throughout our Nation’s history, black women have continued to stand strong and contribute to the wellbeing of their families and our country as a whole, women like the women who serve in the Congressional Black Caucus, women like the women who serve in this Chamber, women like the only female to serve as Speaker of this House, NANCY PELOSI . And yet, Mr. Speaker, here we are in 
2015, and a black female leader is waiting to lead the critically important office of the United States Attorney General. No one can say she is unqualified, no one can say she is inexperienced, no one can say she hasn’t or didn’t perform well, Mr. Speaker. Just a couple weeks ago, 8 hours of testimony, more than 900 questions answered, and yet, she is left waiting, waiting longer than the previous combined times of the seven previous Attorney Generals. For 132 days, Mr. Speaker, Ms. Lynch has been waiting for a vote. Mr. Speaker, that is three seasons. 
up the nomination. In the winter, the Senate dithered on her nomination. Here we are, now in the spring, and we are waiting. 
waiting for? Our Nation needs an Attorney General, and holding this nomination hostage is senseless and reckless. 
I strongly urge the Senate Republican leadership to stop playing politics with law enforcement and national security and to vote on the confirmation of Loretta Lynch to serve as our next Attorney General. 
is a proven leader with an exemplary record at the Department of Justice. She is a brilliant, welleducated, and experienced lawyer twice before confirmed. It is well past time for the United States Senate to move forward with the nomination of Loretta Lynch, a black woman and nominee for United States Attorney General and, possibly, another first in our history. 
firsts are never good unless there can be a second and a third and a fourth. If we make this first happen, as we have done in the past, then there can be other women standing here and sitting where you are sitting. 
strong black women who have paved the way for each successive generation, for my granddaughter so that she can know that there are women who can stand up in this Chamber and speak on this floor. 
Caucus’ Special Order, in part, is about because, every day, black women hold their families together as primary caregivers; they support their children and continue to preserve and persevere when our society fails to deliver on equal rights. 
care, and education are priorities for me in this Congress and for millions of women across this Nation. The pay gap is startling, but it is real because we know, when women succeed, America succeeds. In Ohio and across the Nation, women make 77 cents to every $1 a white man makes, and for African American women, it is 66 cents for every $1 that they make. 
Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law. Our Nation took a giant step forward—a giant leap—in saving lives and making health care a right for all, not just for the privileged few. The Affordable Care Act has important implications for black women as they face longstanding and persistent disparities in health care and in health in general. 
thank my colleague, the Congresswoman from Illinois, for bringing forth this topic. I would also like to thank all of the members of the Congressional Black Caucus for hosting this Special Order hour. 
whose names may not appear prominently in our history books, who may not ever appear on this floor or be recognized in this Congress or in this country, women like my 91yearold mother in Dayton, Ohio, who reared four daughters and told us and taught us about the value of standing up for what you believe in. 
our history books but whose sweat and blood and strength are woven into our national identity. I honor all of these women. They continue to inform me and inform my sense of pride and dignity as an American. 
quote that my friend and colleague started with, a quote by the late Maya Angelou, ‘‘Each time a woman stands up for herself, without knowing it possibly, without claiming it’’—Mr. Speaker, as I stand today—‘‘she stands up for all women.’’ 
my friend from the great State of Ohio, Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY . Your 
points about Loretta Lynch are so pertinent. Despite the gains we have made, we still have a long way to go. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
it is now my great privilege to yield to my friend from the great State of New Jersey, Congresswoman BONNIE WATSONCOLEMAN . 
thank the gentlewoman, my colleague from Illinois, for providing this opportunity for me to share with you this evening. 
I am also honored to join my Congressional Black Caucus colleagues on the floor as we celebrate Women’s History Month, and I am particularly grateful to our chairman, Chairman Butterfield. 
women who have shaped this Nation is especially important here in this body 
because, for the first time, more than 100 women hold seats, speaking on behalf of Americans from Alaska to Florida. 
Caucus includes 20 women who are fighting for working families, for better wages, for more funding for better education, and for the many other policies that will make our Nation stronger and our families healthier. 
very first African American woman to represent the State of New Jersey in Congress and to be the only woman currently serving in this delegation. These are outstanding firsts, and I am thrilled to be one of them, but this is 2015, Mr. Speaker, and we shouldn’t still be speaking about ‘‘firsts’’ and ‘‘onlys’’ when it comes to women. There may be 104 of us, but women still make up only 20 percent of Congress while we make up more than half of the population. 
just 78 cents for every $1 that is earned by men, and we have heard that women of color, particularly African American women, earn even less than this. 
Women still face a culture that questions our ability to excel in science and techfocused fields, a culture that rushes to blame victims of sexual assault instead of protecting them, a culture that doubts that women are capable of making choices about their own health without the interference from lawmakers, who in the majority are men. 
celebrating trailblazers, but it is also about honoring the strength of all women and recognizing that we are just as capable as men and are just as ready to bring something to the table. 
We just celebrated the 50th anniversary of the marches from Selma to Montgomery, and in the process, we paid tribute to many of the leaders who risked their lives on the Edmund Pettus Bridge that day. 
with Dr. Martin Luther King or our esteemed colleague Congressman JOHN 
was among the first to bring the organizers to Selma. Even fewer know Viola Liuzzo, who paid the ultimate price for joining the march as she saw 
men and women brutalized on that bridge purely because of the color of their skin. 
because, when it comes down to it, women have been leading for generations, even if it has been behind the scenes and without recognition. 
I join my colleagues in paying homage to a long history of amazing 
women; but I also ask every Member of this body: What are we doing to make history? What are we doing to build an economy in which women are equals and a society in which women are respected? What are we doing to make the phrase the ‘‘first woman of history’’ an unnecessary question? When we look at the opportunities 
before us, we know, Mr. Speaker, it is now that we have the opportunity to make history—right now. We have the opportunity to make history with the first woman, an African American, as the U.S. Attorney General of this great country, and we have an opportunity in the near future to say that there has been a woman elected President of the United States. 
History Month when we recognize the contributions and achievements of women throughout the course of history. Many of these women have had distinguished public service careers, from President Franklin Roosevelt’s Secretary of Labor—Frances Perkins— to the first female Cabinet Secretary, to current Secretaries Sylvia Mathews Burwell, Sally Jewell, and Penny Pritzker, and National Security Adviser Susan Rice. 
established record of providing wise and honest counsel and of leading our government through important and transformational times. 
Right now, the Obama administration is awaiting Senate confirmation for a woman who is eminently qualified for the position of U.S. Attorney General, our Nation’s chief law enforcement officer. The first woman to hold this position was Janet Reno under President Bill Clinton. 
Attorney General Reno strongly defended the Constitution, promoted civil liberties, and captured and convicted domestic and foreign criminals. The second woman—but not the last woman—to hold the position of Attorney General, Mr. Speaker, will be Loretta Lynch. 
Senate, Ms. Lynch will make history by being the first African American woman to serve as Attorney General. She will join the proud ranks of Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, former Energy Secretary Hazel O’Leary, former Labor Secretary Alexis Herman, and Patricia Roberts, who was the first female African American Cabinet Secretary who served as both Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and as the Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. 
over and over and as we know, is eminently qualified to be Attorney General, Mr. Speaker. A graduate of Harvard University and of Harvard Law School, Ms. Lynch has had a distinguished legal career. She is universally recognized for her keen analytical skills and her passion for the law. 
serve the role for our Nation at this critical point in our national discourse. As U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Ms. Lynch currently serves as the chief Federal prosecutor for Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and Long Island. 
At this time, I yield to my distinguished colleague from New York, HAKEEM JEFFRIES . 
friend and colleague, Representative KELLY from the great State of Illinois, 
for, once again, presiding over this CBC Special Order, this opportunity for members of the Congressional Black Caucus to speak directly to the American people for 60 minutes on matters of great importance. 
the Congressional Black Caucus recognize the strength, the vitality, the intelligence, and the importance of African American women to the African American experience in this great country—in fact, to the American experience. 
women who have fought hard to bring American democracy to life, to continue the march to perfect a more perfect Union. 
Tubman played—a bold, fearless woman who managed to free herself from the horrific bondage of slavery in the South and make it to the North but who then decided, at great sacrifice to her own potential wellbeing, to go back down South an additional 19 times, freeing more than 200 black slaves. 
Harriet Tubman once was asked about her heroics—who spent many of her final years in New York—was dismissive. She said: ‘‘I could have freed more if they only knew that they were slaves.’’ 
words of wisdom that can serve many communities all across the country today that are still struggling to deal with social and economic injustice. She said: ‘‘I could have freed more if they only knew that they were slaves.’’ Sometimes, we have folks who remain trapped in their own circumstances because they have a mindset issue. Harriet Tubman helped to perfect our democracy. 
Mentioned earlier by some of my distinguished colleagues were some of the other contributions that were made during the civil rights struggle, and there were many African American women who haven’t always gotten the credit for playing a leading role in the civil rights movement—designed, again, to help perfect American democracy—dealing with Jim Crow and racial segregation in the South and in many parts of this country. 
famously said, ‘‘I am sick and tired of being sick and tired,’’ when asked why she stepped forward at great sacrifice to herself. I think there are still a lot of Americans in many parts of this country, when it comes to the prison industrial complex, when it comes to the problem of the police’s use of excessive force, and when it comes to the issue of income inequality, who still draw inspiration from Fannie Lou Hamer’s words of being sick and tired 
Now, I also stand here today as someone who proudly represents the Eighth Congressional District in New York, a district that in part was once represented by the Honorable Shirley Chisholm. Of course, great women in the Congress today like JOYCE BEATTY  
and others stand on Shirley Chisholm’s shoulders. She was the first African American woman ever elected to the House of Representatives in 1968. I am proud to represent part of the district that she once served. She was one of Brooklyn’s gifts to this country and, in fact, to the world. 
again, Brooklyn is once again prepared to share some of our tremendous human capital and wealth with this great country in the form of Loretta Lynch, by way of North Carolina. For the life of me, I haven’t been able to figure out what the holdup is, why it is so difficult for Senate Republicans and for the majority simply to hold a vote so we can confirm Loretta Lynch as the Nation’s chief law enforcement executive. 
book as to why Loretta Lynch is twisting in the wind, and none of them are legitimate. I don’t want Loretta Lynch to be confirmed because she would be the first African American woman to serve as our Nation’s Attorney General leading the Department of Justice; I want her confirmed because she is the best qualified person for the job. Don’t trust me, HAKEEM JEFFRIES from 
Brooklyn. Rudolph Giuliani, of all people, the great law and order mayor of New York City, former Federal prosecutor, U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, and many, many others—Democrats, Republicans, people from the North, the South, the East, and the West—have all said Loretta Lynch is a talented law enforcement professional and the right person 
for the job at this particular point in time. 
can’t figure it out. Is it a problem with her personal background? Let’s see. She is the daughter of a school librarian and a Baptist preacher. That can’t be the issue. 
What is the holdup? Is there a problem with her legal education? I don’t think so. She is a graduate of Harvard Law School. 
have enough law enforcement experience? She is practically a career Federal prosecutor, who clearly has the ability to allow the law and the facts dictate her decisionmaking process. 
adequately vetted? Well, she has actually been unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate, not once but twice, to be the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. I think she has been vetted. Well, is it that the Senate doesn’t 
have the ability to walk and chew gum at the same time, as MITCH MCCONNELL  
indicated? We have got to deal with other matters. Other matters? I don’t get it. She has been waiting longer than the five previous Attorney General nominees, combined, since being voted out of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
terrorists all across the world who want to strike the United States of America, and we are holding up the chief law enforcement officer of this country? Then we hear the excuse: Well, we don’t like her position on the President’s executive action on immigration. You don’t like her position? She is the President’s nominee. What position do you expect her to have? 
That is not even a legitimate argument because you had no problem confirming Ash Carter to be the Secretary of the Department of Defense, and my good friends on the other side of the aisle on the other side of the Capitol are obsessing about two things: the President’s executive action on immigration as well as the President’s negotiations with Iran along with, or as part of, the P5+1. Ash Carter presumably supports those negotiations. You can’t stand them so much so that you even wrote to the Iranian mullahs. I mean, that should shock the conscience of the American people. You can’t stand the Iranian negotiations, but you didn’t hold up Ash Carter’s nomination. 
So for the life of me, I am trying to 
go through a process of elimination to figure out what is the reason that you have held up Loretta Lynch’s nomination. What is the reason? Why are we waiting so long? You have got to come up with a good answer to the fact that she is being treated like a secondclass citizen. 
checklist of excuses that you have provided, not a single one of them hold up. So I am just hopeful over the next couple of days, as we bring Women’s History Month to a close, that you will have the decency to do what is right for the American people and allow Loretta Lynch to have an upordown vote so we can finally allow democracy to flourish in what allegedly is supposed to be the world’s greatest deliberative body. Allow democracy to flourish; give Loretta Lynch a vote so we can get back to doing the real business of the American people. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Representative JEFFRIES , thank you for continuing to lift the nomination of Loretta Lynch, and also thank you for highlighting Harriet Tubman, a fine example of someone who helped improve the quality of life for her fellow brothers and sisters. 
‘‘I am sick and tired of being sick and 
tired.’’ Many women can say that in regard to the pay gap, unemployment, and still trying to break the glass ceiling. In the past year, we have seen the 
More and more women have been able to reenter the workforce, reducing the unemployment rate among women to a 6year low. 
yet to reap the benefits of the economic rebound. In fact, while the overall unemployment rate for women declined, the black female unemployment rate has increased over the past 2 months. According to a recent analysis by the National Women’s Law Center, the black women’s unemployment rate is more than twice the unemployment rate of white women. In February, the black women’s unemployment rate was 8.9 percent, up from 8.7 percent in January and 8.2 percent in December. 
rate for adult white women was 4.2 percent in February, down from 4.4 percent in January. Despite having comparable levels of education, black women have the highest unemployment rate of any other group. A possible factor in the stubborn unemployment rate for black women is that we are disproportionately employed in the public sector, which is experiencing a much slower recovery than the private sector. 
said the stagnant job situation for black women is a red flag in the employment landscape and urged lawmakers to act to promote a stronger, more widely shared recovery. I couldn’t agree more. We need to invest more in job training and retraining programs that help black women adapt to the changing workforce and prepare for the careers of tomorrow. We must work to promote diversity in hiring and encourage employees to model their work forces on the communities in which they operate. As we look for ways to help women succeed, we must be mindful of the unique challenges black women face and develop targeted policies that help level the playing field for all women. 
of my colleagues gathered here tonight, and they have mentioned, as we recognize Women’s History Month, we are reminded that we are constantly in the midst of new history being made. 
joined by my CBC colleagues. One, a member of the freshman class and another person who wasn’t here tonight, she is the 100th woman ever elected to Congress, Congresswoman ALMAADAMS  
of North Carolina. Jeannette Rankin of Montana was the first woman to serve in this esteemed body, and many more will join the ranks of women in Congress, women like the Honorable Barbara Jordan, Shirley Chisholm, the Honorable MARCIA L. F UDGE , our last 
Congressional Black Caucus chair and the future of the CBC; women like JOYCE BEATTY , Representative B RENDA  
only two black women who serve in statewide offices across the United States: Kamala Harris and Denise Nappier. There are veterans who have come to serve this Congress, like my good friends TULSI GABBARD of Hawaii 
State of Illinois. Many diverse districts across this country are well served by the women they elect to Congress. 
does succeed. This is why we must continue to fight for equal pay for equal work. This week, paycheck fairness legislation will be introduced. I urge folks across the country to call their Representative to cosponsor this important legislation. 
child care and other economic policies that support working women, allowing us to continue shattering the glass ceiling and reach the greatest heights of all sectors of society. 
wonderful hour of debate. I thank all of my colleagues for caring enough to get involved and participate. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, to commemorate Women’s History Month, and address some of the unique challenges black women face. This is an issue of great personal significance to me and many of my CBC colleagues. 
It is hard to accept that in 2015, women still 
earn significantly less than men in the work place. The wage gap for black women is even greater. Black women earn sixtyfour cents on the dollar compared to men, while white women earn seventyseven cents on the dollar. These numbers are disheartening for all women, but illustrate the even greater challenge that black women face in the fight for equal pay. Moving forward, the discussion on equal pay in the workplace must move beyond talking points, We must act swiftly to decrease wage inequality. We must also ensure that the obstacle s black women in the workplace are included in the national discourse. 
While the phrase ‘‘women’s issues’’ has become popular in academia and the media, it usually does not include many of the unique issues affecting black women. As poet and black feminist, Audre Lord, once said, ‘‘there is no such thing as a singleissue struggle, because we do not live single issue lives.’’ Black women have never had the luxury of just being women; for black women, there is an intersection where race and gender meet, making our struggle so much more unique. Black women face a separate set of problems further alienating us from our male counterparts. We must consistently battle with the fact that we are black in a society that does not value black life, and women in a society that does not value the female contribution to society. 
Though a lot of progress has been made for 
women in the workplace, we still face so many obstacles as we work to permanently establish ourselves as professionally equal to men. In an effort to change these human injustices, we must increase the discussion on these issues. The end goal is to ensure that all women earn equal pay, regardless of race. Progress toward this goal is our responsibility and we 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for 60 
do appreciate that, and I appreciate you being down here with us. I enjoy this time of the evening. It is a little quieter on Capitol Hill. Folks are coming and going, but I always learn something that I wouldn’t have learned otherwise. For all the differences that we have here, when you talk to each other 15, 20 seconds at a time, those differences get accented. When you listen to one another for an hour at a time, it is easier to find those strains that bind us together. I hope that I am able to touch on some of those topics tonight myself, Mr. Speaker. 
mind. It is budget week. I don’t know if everybody else is as excited about it as I am. This is budget week in Washington, D.C. 
I just finished a hearing in the Committee on Rules, and we had folks come up and testify about all of their different budget ideas. What it means for it to be budget week is that we just voted in the Committee on Rules to make every single budget that any Member of this body, whether they be the most liberal Democrat, the most conservative Republican, or anywhere in between, north, south, east, and west, youngest to oldest, any Member of this body that has an idea about how to grapple with the budgetary challenges that face this Nation, Mr. Speaker, their idea is going to get a vote on the floor of the House this week—this week. 
Now, it is heavy duty writing a budget, Mr. Speaker. I serve on the House Committee on the Budget. One of the reasons it is so hard, and you can’t see it, Mr. Speaker, but I have here a pie chart of the spending in the United States of America. Now, you and I go through bill after bill, day after day, month after month of talking about appropriations bills. But as you know, Mr. Speaker, appropriations bills, they just deal with what I have shown here in the blue areas, the kind of nondefense discretionary spending and defense spending. 
thinks of as being the budget. They think of transportation, roads, bridges; they think of the environment, parks; they think of the judiciary; they think of law enforcement; they think of all of these components of government. Well, the truth is, all of those things, Mr. Speaker, we have to jam into this little bitty piece of the pie, these two blue pieces of the pie, the things that Congress focuses on every year in the appropriations cycle. 
This red piece of the pie is all of that 
just as you have, Mr. Speaker. It says that all spending is going to originate in the U.S. House of Representatives. Well, you have been here 3 months already and you have not gotten a vote 
on this spending at all. I have been here 4 years, and I haven’t gotten a vote on this spending at all. 
represented in red—trillions of dollars a year, because some of our colleagues in the House 10 years ago, 20 years ago, 40 years ago, even 80 years ago, voted ‘‘yes’’ to turn on an autopilot spending bill. That bill is still on autopilot and still spending today. Our opportunity to grapple with this red area, Mr. Speaker—this that they call mandatory spending—is by outlining a strategy in a budget. 
had the voting card of the Seventh District of Georgia. It is an honor to carry that card every day. And for 4 years, we have been doing Budget Committee work in this institution that should make every American proud. It should make every American proud. 
think most Americans know—the Senate has not quite been as fortunate. They have been stymied over there, trying to pass a budget. Now we have a new American Senate that is working sidebyside with the House, because if the House can pass a budget and if the Senate can pass a budget and if we can come together and reconcile those differences, we will have a governing document that begins to allow us to deal not just with the small blue part of the budget, Mr. Speaker, but the entire budget—$3.5 trillion in FY 2014. 
Why is that so important? It is important, Mr. Speaker, because we have borrowed $18 trillion from our children and our grandchildren. Now, I say it over and over and over again. I am going to say it again tonight. It is immoral. It is immoral, and it is not even intellectually defensible. 
If you are from the part of the Congress that doesn’t want to raise taxes— and I am in that part of the Congress— don’t pretend that borrowing a dollar today so that you don’t have to raise taxes is failing to raise taxes. It is not. If you borrow a dollar today, someone is going to have to raise taxes sometime in the future. They are going to have to pay that dollar back, plus interest. A vote to borrow money is a vote to raise taxes. It is just not a vote to raise taxes on you. It is a vote to raise taxes on the next generation. 
this Congress that likes to spend money—I am not in the part of this Congress that likes to spend money—I want to shrink the size and scope of government, I want to make it more accountable, more effective, more efficient, but it is hard to do with $3.5 trillion. I want to shrink the size and scope of government, but if you are on 
the side of this Congress that wants to grow spending, a vote to grow spending without paying for it today—a vote to borrow—is a vote to cut spending on someone else years from now. 
We have seen it in all of the countries around the planet, Mr. Speaker, that are struggling with economic collapse. When government has to shrink, when austerity measures kick in, the people that pay the price are not the wealthy in society. The people who pay the price are those who are most dependent on government benefits. 
don’t have—a vote to borrow today—is a vote to cut the benefits of our children and our grandchildren, who will need it more than we do today. 
So, whether you are focusing on balanced budgets from a tax perspective or whether you are focusing on them from a spending perspective, Mr. Speaker, we should be able to come together and decide that grappling with those issues—putting forward a plan to deal with those issues—is better than hiding our head in the sand. 
here, Mr. Speaker, with the red line is traditional revenues. It is tax revenues in this country—take all the taxes that we bring in together. I charted them as a percent of GDP, gross domestic product. What that means, Mr. Speaker, this looks like a level line but, of course, the economy continues to grow. And every time the economy grows, tax revenues grow. And so this is level as a percent of the size of our economy, but it is a growing number of taxes every year—again, up to $3.5 trillion now and $3.8 trillion for FY 2016. 
spending on those mandatory spending programs I just talked about: those programs that are on autopilot, those programs that we don’t deal with in this institution every year, those programs that escape the collaborative scrutiny of this body. 
back to 1965, Mr. Speaker. Back in 1965, interest on the national debt was a small part of our economic pie. Social Security was a large part of our economic pie, but smaller than it is today. Medicare was a very small part. Medicaid was a very small part. 
Speaker, is that they grow larger and larger and larger. Now, that is not larger and larger and larger in terms of actual dollars. They are growing larger and larger and larger in terms of actual dollars, but this chart is reflecting them growing larger and larger and larger as a percent of everything the United States produces. 
that even though all the tax revenue we have been able to squeeze out of this country, whether it was a Republican as President or a Democrat as President, whether it was Republicans running the country or Democrats running the country, America was unwilling to contribute more than about 17 to 
the end of our budget window here, which is about 2025, you will see that, based on current law, current spending, spending just rising at that rate of inflation as required by current law, the combination of Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, and interest on the national debt will consume every penny that the Federal Government raises— every penny. 
Mr. Speaker, what Congress deals with here in blue—defense and nondefense— which most people think of as the government. That is only about a third of the pie. Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, interest on the national debt—those mandatory spending programs—is where most of the money is being spent today. That wasn’t true 30 years ago. 
Speaker, I would say about a third of government spending was what we will call these income support programs— these direct spending programs on behalf of citizens. About twothirds of what we spent was investment in America. We were building things: the Eisenhower Interstate Highway System, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control. We were building things. We were defeating the evil empire. 
of the pie in those days. Twothirds of the budget was an investment in America. But today, Mr. Speaker, those numbers have exactly inverted. We spend about onethird on investment in national security and twothirds on income support programs. By 2025, Mr. Speaker, those programs threaten to consume every penny the Federal Government has. 
window, Mr. Speaker. We are not talking about raising taxes a little. We are talking about just to fund these programs—no parks, no courts, no judges, no prisons, no roads, no environmental regulations; nothing except Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, interest on the national debt—we would have to increase taxes almost 50 percent just to pay for those programs. 
this Chamber knows it is not sustainable. And my frustration, Mr. Speaker—and I hope you haven’t found the same one quite yet—is that we all know what the truth is, but we don’t all want to admit what the truth is. 
pay for these programs. There is no question that Social Security is headed towards bankruptcy. Who is doing anything to solve it? Social Security Disability is going to go bankrupt 18 months from now in the year 2016. Social Security Disability Insurance— that trust fund that is available for folks who have been stricken with disabilities and can no longer work—runs out of money. 
Republican, predicting that. That is the Social Security Disability Insurance trustees—the nonpartisan trustees—telling us that we are going to run out of money. The nonpartisan trustees of the Medicare Program are going to tell us it is going to run out of money. The nonpartisan trustees of the Social Security retirement program tell us it is going to run out of money. 
this institution? It is hard, Mr. Speaker. We all know what the truth is, but folks don’t want to admit it. 
I am going to bring us back to budget 
week. What I love about this week, Mr. Speaker, is that we focus on those big problems, those big drivers of spending, those social safety net programs that are so essential to so many Americans. This is the week we lay out our plans to save them. This is the week where we talk about doing the heavy lifting that we don’t talk about the rest of the year. 
this week, Mr. Speaker, I want the ideas that we discuss this week to be the outline by which we live the rest of the year. I always hope for that. I don’t always get that. I am hoping for that again this year. 
Let’s talk about the plan, Mr. Speaker, that came out of the House Budget Committee. Now, the House Budget Committee is a fabulous group of people. If you have not gotten a chance, Mr. Speaker, it is budget.house.gov. It is completely transparent. You can see anything you want to see about the Housepassed budget and our deliberations. 
Speaker. We started about 10:30 in the morning. We finished just a little after midnight that day. We came back the next day and went for about an hour more. We discussed every single amendment that anyone had to offer, Mr. Speaker. We talked about the big ideas. We talked about unemployment. We talked about job creation. We talked about job training. We talked about national security. We got deep into every single issue that matters to families back home in my district— every single one—and back home in your district, Mr. Speaker. And this is the plan we have laid out. 
What I have charted here, Mr. Speaker, is the path of debt. The path of debt runs from back in World War II, where we had to borrow about 100 percent of the size of our economy. Granted, the economy was much smaller then, but as a percentage of the size of our economy—that is the way the economists take a look at what we do to make sure that we are still on good financial footing—100 percent of the size of our economy to defeat the Nazis to win World War II. 
those same high levels today. You see it represented here by the dark blue line. We are almost back there today. Do we have severe economic challenges today? Of course, we do. Is the world a dangerous place today? Of course, it is. Are we united as a nation and fighting those challenges the way we were fighting World War II? Of course, we are not. Of course, we are not. But by engaging in this degree of borrowing when we are not facing an international challenge of the size of winning World War II, we are trading away our opportunities to face that challenge should it arise in the future. 
We are borrowing today, Mr. Speaker, for consumption when we borrowed in 1945 for investment. We are borrowing today to pay the current bills of just running the Nation when we borrowed in 1945 to defeat evil. What are we going to do when we are forced to confront evil of that magnitude again? I am not sure, because we have traded away, through borrowing and spending on today’s consumption, the opportunity to spend big to win those global challenges. 
Mr. Speaker. This is what you are going to see there. The red line of debt, which you see rises far above World War II level borrowing—in fact, double World War II level borrowing—that red line is what happens if we close the doors of the Congress today. If we turn out the lights and never pass a new law, if we turn out the lights and never make a new promise, if we turn out the lights and promise not to spend one more penny than that that is already required by the laws on the books—and the White House does the very same thing, turns out the lights—that red line represents the level of borrowing necessary simply to keep today’s promises. No new promises. Today’s promises. 
I laid out the future that we are trading away. I laid out the opportunities to react to crises that we are trading away. I laid out the burden that this is putting on future generations. That is just where we are today. If we do nothing and let current law continue, the problem doesn’t just get worst. It gets twice as bad. 
But, Mr. Speaker, I am tired of hearing folks complain about what happens here and there. I am tired of hearing folks say, I know what all the problems are, but I don’t have any solutions to offer. I just want to tell you who to blame for your woes. I don’t want to be responsible for providing solutions. 
filled with men and women, Madam Speaker, who came here to find blame. This body is filled with people who came to solve problems. 
line, that light blue line, Madam Speaker, represents the House Budget Committee mark. If this institution passes the budget for FY16, for the next 10year window, if they pass the budget that we worked out in that Budget Committee, we don’t just avoid the economic catastrophe that is represented by current law, we reverse the trend. 
want to be able to tell children and grandchildren across this country that we are balancing the budget tomorrow. We are not. We are not. We can’t. 
through the roof and crush working American families, unless you want to cut spending right to the floor and crush our opportunities at national security, you can’t balance the budget tomorrow. The problem is too big. 
doesn’t put the tough decisions off for 10 years, but it begins making the tough decisions today, begins bending that curve of borrowing today. 
Madam Speaker, $4.7 trillion in interest is what we are projecting to spend in the 10year window—$4.7 trillion on interest alone. 
entire United States of America last year was only $3.5 trillion. We are only proposing, as a budget for next year, $3.8 trillion. Our interest payments, borrowing at the recordlow teaser rates that we are borrowing at today— recordlow rates—are going to see us pay $4.7 trillion in interest over the next 10 years. 
about that. If our budget is about $3.8 trillion for FY16, $4.7 trillion, that is about a year and a quarter off. Again, turn out the lights, send everybody home—no more national security, no more schools, no more roads. That is what debt is costing us, a year and a quarter of productivity out of the next 10, and that is when we take these important steps to begin to curb it. 
Madam Speaker. This blue line represents our vision. The light blue line represents our solution to the red line, which represents current law. 
to do? Because this chart represents the President’s vision—leadership is a twoway street. We need folks leading on both sides of the aisle. We need folks leading on both sides of the Congress. We need folks leading on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue. Leading often means taking something that you disagree on and selling the other guy on why you are right. 
balanced budget proposal. We take it to the other side of the aisle. We take it on the other side of the Capitol. We take it on the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue, and we try to sell it. 
is the right thing to do. We believe that borrowing from our children and grandchildren is immoral. The President takes a different view, and I don’t fault him for taking a different view. I question his math. I question the economic guidance that he is relying on. I don’t question his motives. 
budget the President sent to Capitol Hill this year. Now, this budget is substantially similar to the budgets he has sent to Capitol Hill every year. 
If the President was standing here tonight, Madam Speaker, I don’t think I would be mischaracterizing him if I say what he would tell you is he wants to freeze our debt as a percent of the size of our economy, and as long as our economy is rising then, he believes we can continue to let our debt rise. He calls that primary balance, when you lock in your debt as a static percent of GDP but continue to borrow forever— forever. 
chart, Madam Speaker, is our budget alternative, produced by the Budget Committee, to be voted on in the House tomorrow. What our budget does is take deficits for about $350 billion next year down to zero. 
word down on the end, Madam Speaker. It says ‘‘surplus’’—no reason you should know it. We haven’t seen one in your time on Capitol Hill. I would argue we haven’t seen one in my lifetime. 
the nineties, but as you know, that was a little funny math there, the Social Security trust fund and other issues. It has been a long time since we have seen a surplus in our budget, but that is what our ideas produce. That is what our tough choices produce. That is what our commitment to solving problems produces. 
raises taxes over $1 trillion, new taxes over $1 trillion, and continues to spend, so much so that in the years that we are balancing, Madam Speaker, the President is borrowing an additional $1 trillion a year. 
is borrowing it is because investment in America is important, and it is. He would tell you that the reason he is borrowing is because, if we don’t invest in challenges today, we are not going to be able to reap the benefits of those challenges tomorrow, and he is right. 
We are not arguing in this institution, Madam Speaker, we are not debating in this institution, we are not grappling in this institution about the merit of investing in America. We all believe that we should. 
or not we should pay for that investment. If we think it is a good idea, should we find the money for it today? Or do we just think it is enough of a good idea for our children to figure out how to pay for it or our grandchildren to figure out how to pay for it? 
But it is not so much of a good idea 
that you and I would actually burden ourselves with making the tough decision today—nonsense. I reject that vision. I reject the President’s growing deficits out. I reject the President’s budget that says: Not only am I not going to balance tomorrow, not only am I not going to balance in the next 
10 years, I am not going to balance the budget ever. 
Now, that is not a small thing we are 
arguing about. This isn’t just some sort of partisan sniping that happens between Republicans and Democrats. There is a fundamental disagreement about who we are as Americans, about what the role of Federal Government is. 
Let’s try to balance this budget in the next 10 years. The time to stop burdening our children and our grandchildren with debt is now. 
priorities for America. Let’s grow the amount of money we are borrowing every single year. Let’s balance the budget never. 
I don’t know if you get this in townhall meetings back home like I do, Madam Speaker, but folks say: ROB, 
why can’t you guys just work this out? Why can’t you get together, close the doors, work this out? We have serious problems. You need to solve the serious 
Madam Speaker, I have got a President who is prioritizing balancing the budget never, and I have got a House Budget Committee that is prioritizing balancing the budget in the next 10 years. Those aren’t small differences. The differences could not get much larger. 
institution on the Budget Committee’s ideas for balancing this budget, Madam Speaker. I am not going to get every vote in this Chamber. I am going to keep selling it, but I am not going to get every vote in this Chamber. I recognize that. 
What I am going to prioritize is selling folks in this Chamber on the fact that if we choose to borrow money, we are either taking it from the next generation’s benefits, or we are taking it from the next generation’s tax bill. 
deficits that the President proposes are going to come due. These deficits that we have already run are going to come due. It’s either a benefit cut for the next generation or a tax increase for the next generation. There is no free lunch. 
answers, Madam Speaker, though we have got a pretty good blueprint here. What I do propose, though, is that we are going to be closer to finding the answers if we bring all of the ideas together. 
I see my friends from the Rules Committee sitting here in the corner tonight, Madam Speaker. They have been upstairs grinding through the paperwork. It was a little more complicated rule tonight than it ordinarily is because we took every single idea that any Member of this Chamber had about balancing the budget. If you wanted to write your budget, it is made in order for debate this week, budget week. 
win, Madam Speaker, though I have my preferences. What I do know is that 
if you are in the solutions business, you had your shot this week. If you are in the solutions business, you had a chance to put your money where your mouth is, literally, your money, all of our money, all taxpayer money, these budgets together, in a document. 
this week. We are going to debate some budgets that purport cutting spending virtually in half, and we are going to debate some budgets that virtually double taxation in this country. We will see where those chips fall. 
like the exciting thing that it is. That is what is so interesting to me about the work that goes on. Everybody is out in front of the cameras all day long, every day, talking about the issues that the pundits want to talk about. 
in 15 uneventful seconds, is set into motion the most open, the most comprehensive, the most optimistic week of public policy debate this institution will see in 2015. I am honored to be just a small part of that. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 27, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Order of Mr. WOODALL ), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–49) on the resolution (H. Res. 163) providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 27) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
MCSALLY ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
well, here we are, the fifth anniversary of—well, at least this weekend—what many affectionately or disaffectionately call ObamaCare. 
It is kind of hard to call it the Affordable Care Act because we—many of us—know exactly how much jeopardy it has put finances for people all over the country. There are some people that are getting back enough in subsidies that they like it. 
followup to my friend from Georgia talking about the budget, to follow up and look at the predictions that were made 5 years ago about the bill that passed without a single Republican 
against it. I didn’t have time to enmesh all of the references, the other bills that were referenced in the changes that would be made in those bills, but I could certainly tell from what was there, what I was reading in the about 2,500page bill, that it was going to be a disaster for health care. 
Sam Baker, ‘‘5 Years In, 5 Busted Predictions About Obamacare,’’ March 22, 2015: 
When President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law 5 years ago, many Republicans essentially predicted it would grow up to be a serial killer—that seniors, Medicare, private insurance companies, jobs, and the American Dream would die by its hand. 
It has turned out to be far more well adjusted. 
thought the law would quickly make it through its awkward phase and turn into the most popular kid in school—liked by most, respected by all, a sophisticated winner, possessed of all the latest technology but also with unassailable principles. 
It has turned out to be a much bigger 
into the article—that, actually, there were Republicans like me that knew that it was not going to die. We knew that it was going to shrivel up the number of insurance companies, as it has. 
take a hit because ObamaCare cut $716 billion from seniors’ health care, and even though the President and all the king’s horses and all the king’s men were promising that, Gee, that $716 billion in cuts to Medicare, it is not going to affect you seniors, they were told. No, no, that is only going to affect the health care providers. 
the country, but the seniors I talked to around Texas figured out, Wait a minute, if you are not going to reimburse the people that provide us health care, we are going to have a hard time getting health care. They figured it out. That is exactly what has happened. 
worst of the projection by Republicans—were not what I projected, but there are people that have not gotten the care they need. They have been put in dire physical straits because of ObamaCare. Some have lost their insurance. I had insurance before. I liked my insurance. I liked my doctors. ObamaCare changed all of that. 
you will about Obamacare, but if nothing else, it’s a survivor.’’ That is the point, Madam Speaker, that is important to note; any kind of socialized medicine is always a survivor. 
to worry about ObamaCare. It will go broke. It will die of its own accord—no, that is what happens to socialism. But socialized health care, socialized 
medicine in any form—even in this beginning stage, as the President has once said on video, that he wanted a single payer—in other words, total socialized medicine, where the government gets to tell everybody what they get and pay for it and so people get rationed health care, is what it amounts to. 
Margaret Thatcher once said, it eventually runs out of other people’s money. Socialized medicine in any form does not die of its own volition. It doesn’t happen because what happens when you are dealing with government run health care, it doesn’t die of its own accord, no. 
and more health care rationed. More and more people have health care they don’t get because they are put in line, like the young man from Canada in my district that said his father died of a heart attack because he had been on the list in Canada for 2 years and he never got the bypass he needed. 
Until ObamaCare came along, basically, if you needed bypass surgery— whether it was in east Texas or elsewhere—if you needed it now, you were going to get it now; but over time, as the government takes over health care, now, you get on a list, like my constituent’s father was put on a list. 
I said: 2 years, that is incredible. He said: Well, yes, people kept getting moved in front of him. 
that it was a crime to do anything to get yourself moved up the list. 
is a board, a group that decides who gets moved up the list in priority. 
said they didn’t even think they would need to kill it, just that they could help it along. The law’s opponents argued for years that the law would never work, predictions that reached new intensity when www.healthcare.gov launched in 2013. 
That is not true of all of us. Some of 
us knew it would not die of its own accord. We knew that it is like any governmentrun health care. You just ration it, and people get less of it. 
wants to acknowledge that Sarah Palin had a great point, she did. Whether you want to call it a death panel or not, it is a panel that will get to decide the parameters for people getting, you know, pacemakers. 
One of my staff had a parent who was 
told the year before ObamaCare kicked in that he could get a pacemaker; after it kicked in, he couldn’t get a pacemaker. Well, that is the power of the government to tell you who lives, who dies. 
own accord. People may die because of the new healthcare laws and the decisions of the death panel—or whatever you want to call the IPAB—but they 
will make decisions that will affect people’s ability to live. 
talks about the prediction that it would get popular: 
‘‘I think as people learn about the bill and 
now that the bill is enacted, it’s going to become more and more popular,’’ Senator Chuck Schumer said in 2010, just a few days after Obama signed the law. ‘‘I predict...by November, those who voted for health care will find it an asset; those who voted against it will find it a liability.’’ 
Schumer was hardly the only one expressing this optimism. The process of getting ObamaCare passed was brutal for Democrats, but many in the party truly thought the heat would die down between 2010 and 2014 when the law’s central provisions kicked in. 
The debate got to a point where there was 
no way to win the rhetorical wars over health care, so Democrats’ plan was largely to get it done, wait it out, and hope people warmed up to the law once it transitioned from a political abstraction to a set of real world policies, most of which are pretty boring. 
It didn’t work. The Kaiser Family Foundation has been 
measuring public approval of the healthcare law every month since it was signed, and the bottom line has stayed the same: people are closely divided over the law and lean against it. 
disapproval for the law, compared to 41 percent approval, which is within a few points of most months. There have been a few blips, where approval topped disapproval or where one side cleared 50 percent, but they never lasted. 
skip down to the part, ‘‘If you like your plan, you can keep it.’’ It says: 
shouldn’t have, including his promise that people wouldn’t lose their coverage because of ObamaCare. For starters, policies sold in the individual insurance market were largely 1year contracts before the Affordable Care Act. In other words, there was never a guarantee that consumers could keep their same policies. 
insurers to cancel millions of individual policies, and it wasn’t an accident or a side effect. The law set new standards for policies in the individual market. They have to cover a set of ‘‘essential’’ benefits, for example, and can’t impose an annual or lifetime caps on benefits. 
ObamaCare didn’t meet those criteria, hence, passing a law to make them. Those policies could technically seek ‘‘grandfathered’’ status, but it was hard to get. They could barely make any changes in their plan designs without losing that status. And it was hard for a reason: the law set new standards for insurance, and it wanted to shift people into plans that met those standards. 
and was even spelled out in subsequent regulations. The political uproar might not have been as bad if www.healthcare.gov had been working when people started to receive their cancelation notices. 
have been as bad because there were a lot of lies about ObamaCare. Yes, there were some dire predictions, but I knew that ObamaCare was not going to die of its own volition because, when government controls health care, it doesn’t. 
Union, when I saw their poor, pitiful health care system in the Soviet Union, I was literally thanking God that we had the health system we did in America. 
like insurance at the time growing up in east Texas. It was just that we knew that we had good doctors. We had a good system. If you got in a bind, you hoped and prayed neighbors would help out. 
along, that you could pay a very small monthly, quarterly, semiannually, annual premium to insure against something unforeseeable so that you could take care of the small things; but once the government gets into something, it doesn’t work so well. The more government gets into it, the worse it is. 
and get some free market competition back in place in health care, allow people to have their own relationship with their own doctor of their own choosing, where people can actually compare the prices and decide if this doctor or this hospital is worth it—one may cost more, one may cost less, but you compare the pros and cons. That is what competition is about. We haven’t had it in health care in many, many years. Why? Because the government got involved. 
that is a good thing. That is what caring people do, but when the government takes over everything, as ObamaCare will undoubtedly eventually do—why? Because if they get to dictate health care, then they are going to get to dictate your life. 
points out, number one, ‘‘Premiums are 24.4 percent higher than they would have been without ObamaCare.’’ 
York Daily News: ‘‘’In the Obama administration,’ candidate Obama boasted in 2008, ’we’ll lower premiums by up to $2,500 for a typical family in a year.’’’ 
This article says, ‘‘Not quite. A recent report from the National Bureau of Economic Research examined the nongroup marketplace, where families and individuals who don’t get coverage through work shop for insurance. The report concluded that 2014 premiums were 24.4 percent higher than they would have been without ObamaCare.’’ 
regularly: Why is my health insurance so much more? My deductible is so high. I will never have enough money to pay my deductible, and I have got a copay on top of that. I don’t have as much covered as I did before with my other policy. I don’t get to choose my doctor—or the doctor I had before that I liked, I didn’t get to keep him. So why is it costing so much more? 
You are paying for lots more IRS agents. We knew when ObamaCare 
passed that there would be 17,000, 18,000 new IRS agents that you would have to pay for. 
with a head injury or a skinned knee, nothing. No. No. They are going to come after you. They are going to give you stomachaches and headaches. They are not going to help you with health care. And what about all these navigators? They are never going to help you with a knee injury or a backache. No. They are going to give you backaches because they are going to make it harder and harder to figure out what to do, even though they say, oh, they are there to help you. When the government workers say they are there to help you, you grab your wallet and run for the door. 
government workers who will end up being government union workers, and you have to help pay the union wages. We always apparently do that, paying for part of the costs of the union. That is because Republicans are real good at allowing Democrats to have laws that help fund their campaigns. They have done it for years. Mallory Factor has a good book out called ‘‘Shadowbosses’’ that explains the concept. 
Nolte’s article, number 2, ‘‘Less Choice for Patients: From 1,232 Private Market Insurers to 310.’’ Rather dramatic, but that was very foreseeable. Many of us talked about it. We knew that this would eliminate many of the insurance companies. It would eliminate so much choice. The same way DoddFrank promises, gee, we are going to fix the banking industry. No, you are going to 
make it hard for small banks to compete; and the big banks chew them up, absorb them when they can’t make it, and then you have fewer choices. That is what ObamaCare is doing. 
ObamaCare, the individual assurance market (nongroup, nonemployer) offered a wealth of choices in health care options. ObamaCare has devastated that market, and with it the quality of health care. Keep in mind, the cost of premiums and deductibles have increased as choice and competition collapsed.’’ 
‘‘Patients may also have fewer doctors to pick from. More than 60 percent of doctors plan to retire earlier than anticipated—by 2016 or sooner, according to Deloitte. The Physicians Foundation reported in the fall that nearly half of the 20,000 doctors who responded to their survey—especially those with more experience—considered ObamaCare’s reforms a failure.’’ 
ObamaCare would be a deficit neutral, or even cut the deficit. The ObamaCare deficit is now in the trillions.’’ 
law’s 10year costs will reach $1.2 trillion—a far cry from the President’s initial promise of $940 billion.’’ 
fairness to CBO, the Congressional Budget Office originally predicted it would be over $1 trillion; but since the President promised it would be less than $1 trillion, the Director of CBO was called to the White House and, magically, after he went back, he reformulated things. I know this offends him, but it is still the truth. It is what happened. He went back, recalculated, and it was less than $1 trillion. The President said: See, there, I told you it would be less than $1 trillion. Then it passes, and then we found out, oh, do you know what? It really is more than $1 trillion. How about that? 
That is why I think CBO needs competition, and the best thing that could happen is if we started encouraging and even gave rewards to any entity, whether it is universities or private groups that begin scoring bills, if they get within a certain margin. If a bill passes, if they get within a certain margin, it would sure beat the heck out of CBO, and then you pay them. We need competition scoring bills so that we don’t have the disasters we had had in the predictions of the cost of ObamaCare. 
ObamaCare is covering millions, when it really isn’t. A huge majority of those in the White House and its media thronesniffers are advertising as ‘newlyinsured’ are in fact victims of canceled policies who were forced into the ObamaCare exchanges. They already had insurance and are therefore not ‘newly insured.’ 
under ObamaCare’s expansion of Medicaid were once paying for their own insurance. Now they are on the government dole.’’ 
the Americans who signed up for ObamaCare when the exchanges opened in 2013 already had insurance. In other words, many exchange enrollees simply switched from one plan to another.’’ 
So we were told, gee, there are 30 or 
40 million people without insurance. We have to insure them. That is why we have got to force so many tens of millions of Americans into losing their insurance because we have 30, 40 million we have to take care of. And what happened? We are told, well, maybe 7 million or so, 8 million, they got insurance when all these millions lost theirs. That was worth the damage that this administration has done and is doing to the best health care system in the world? 
about ObamaCare is that while ObamaCare has skyrocketed premium costs in the individual market, deductibles have also increased. 
priced bronze plans have a $5,181 individual deductible and $10,545 dollars family deductible. The more expensive silver plan has a $2,927 individual deductible and $6,010 family deductible. 
the deductible is the amount you have to pay out of pocket before your insurance kicks in. The last time I looked, if I enrolled in ObamaCare, my outof pocket expenses (premiums plus deductible) would exceed $8,000 before insurance started paying anything. 
‘‘One result of this has been an increase over the last 5 years of the percentage of people who put off treatment due to cost. 
‘‘Unless something catastrophic happens to you, in most cases, you are still paying out of pocket for all of your health care. On top of that, you are paying for premiums that are doing you absolutely no good. It is just free money for the insurance companies. 
outofpocket expenses are usually higher. Most health care outlets offer steep discounts for the uninsured. 
more than a massive tax increase disguised as insurance; a massive financial boon to the same big insurance companies Democrats have demonized for years; a massive redistribution of wealth that primarily soaks the middle class while diminishing their quality of health care. 
‘‘In summation: The ObamaCare victims vastly outweigh the beneficiaries. It is not even close.’’ 
John Nolte, for the Record. Then from the Weekly Standard, the 
Feds say that the cost of healthcare.gov is estimated at $1.7 billion. 
Of course, when the disastrous rollout of this government Web site happened, we heard from people who really knew what they were doing that said: Gosh, we could have done this for just $6 million or so. Well, not if you are close friends with the occupants of the White House. If you are close friends with the occupants of the White House, you are going to run up a billiondollar bill for a $6 million, $7 million Web site that doesn’t have the security that is required. 
care has not been helped, and we have more and more government workers who are telling people who know how to provide health care what they can or can’t do all to the detriment of the patient. 
He is no longer practicing medicine. He was there to help my wife when she first went into labor 8 to 10 weeks prematurely. He was telling me that he had done a surgery, one of the best he had ever done. Because of all his training and his many years of experience, he was good at what he was doing. A couple of days after the surgery, he got 
a call from somebody, I think he said in Pennsylvania. The guy had no kind of medical degree at all. He is a government worker. 
records of your surgery—it was one of the best he had ever done of this type. He said: Well, the average is over 3 hours, and you only took 59 minutes; and normally you lose over 3 to 4 pints of blood, and you only lost 10 CCs, so you are going to either have to change the records or we can’t reimburse you. 
As this honest, experienced, and excellent physician said: I am not going to change my records for anybody. He said: Well, then we can only reimburse you about onequarter of what you should have gotten otherwise. 
like this. Some idiot doesn’t even know what he is doing is going to tell me, one of the best surgeries I have ever done, that I can’t be reimbursed—and he is retired. He gave it up. He said: I planned to practice a lot longer, but I am not practicing medicine like this. 
So who is hurt? His patients. So what happens when you socialize 
medicine, as we are moving into here, well, you have fewer doctors that are as well trained. The best and brightest don’t apply. We have already seen a drop in the quality of people and the numbers of people, I am told, for medical school. Good people are still applying, but eventually, as I saw in the Soviet Union when I was there, you have people who are physicians. Some are like Florence Nightingale, they do it out of a sense of service and dedication; but some just because, you know, hey, it is a job. 
not going to get reimbursed, then you are not going to be able to pay back a quartermillion dollars of loans for college, medical school, and getting you through the internship and residency until you are actually out making good money because you are not going to make it as good; therefore, you can’t afford to go through as many years. So you end up, over the years you see the college, the medical school, all these years of training and experience squished together. 
have as good physicians. But you also have wonderful nurse practitioners. You have physician assistants that start taking up the jobs that people went through college and medical school, internship, and residency, they start picking up the slack that you used to have quality, welltrained doctors to do. And they are doing a good job, but it lowers further and further the quality of care any time the government gets involved to the extent that it is now. 
It is not too late. It is 5 years in. It 
has been a disaster. One broken promise after another, after another, after another. I hope and pray that people don’t have to continue to suffer the indignity of much too high health insurance and not near the quality they 
were getting until we get a new President and can finally get a new health care system and have true reform. I hope and pray that this President does not end up being so stubborn that he will not hear the cries of the people across America who are saying: Please, let us have back our cheaper health care, our own doctors, and our better policies. That should be the conclusion after 5 years of this disaster. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) at 10 o’clock 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow for morning hour debate and noon for legislative business. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the 
PELOSI ) for March 16 through 19 on account of foot surgery. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 6 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, March 24, 2015, at 9 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
827. A letter from the Director, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Agency’s Biennial Report to Congress for March 2015, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2352, and the DARPA ‘‘Breakthrough Technologies for National Security’’ compilation; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Mississippi Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA R04OAR20130270; FRL992499Region 4] received March 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
Counsel, Department of Agriculture, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting eleven reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
846. A letter from the General Counsel, Institute of Museum and Library Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
850. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Commerce, transmitting the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Chesapeake Bay Office Biennial Report to Congress for Fiscal Years 20132014, as required by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Authorization Act of 
852. A letter from the Assistant Administrator for Procurement, Contract Management Division, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — NASA FAR Supplement, Contractor Whistleblower Protections (RIN: 2700AE08) received March 19, 
Payment Advisory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s March 2015 ‘‘Report to the Congress: Medicare Payment Policy’’; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Budget. House Concurrent Resolution 27. Resolution establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (Rept. 114–47). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 216. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a FutureYears Veterans Program and a quadrennial veterans review, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a Chief Strategy Officer, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–48). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 163. Resolution providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 27) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (Rept. 114–49). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 1523. A bill to provide relief to community banks and promote their access to capital, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
PAYNE , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. L OBIONDO , 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S IRES, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , and Mr. P ALLONE ): H.R. 1524. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
and Exchange Commission to make certain improvements to form 10K and regulation S K, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1526. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to modify policies relating to payment under the Medicare program for durable medical equipment, orthotics and prosthetics, and prosthetic devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
tax benefits for charitable cash contributions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself, Mr. COHEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. I SSA, Ms. E STY, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
CLAY, Mr. F ARR, and Mr. L ARSON of 
discriminatory State taxes on motor vehicle rentals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1529. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community financial institutions with respect to certain rules relating to mortgage loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1530. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to refine how Medicare pays for orthotics and prosthetics, to improve beneficiary experience and outcomes with orthotic and prosthetic care, and to streamline the Medicare administrative appeals process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1531. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for himself, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. L ATTA , and 
H.R. 1532. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the distance requirements regarding the eligibility of certain veterans to receive medical care and services from nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Ms. TSONGAS, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H IGGINS , 
H.R. 1533. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 1534. A bill to reduce the number of 
nucleararmed submarines operated by the Navy, to prohibit the development of a new longrange penetrating bomber aircraft, to prohibit the procurement of new intercontinental ballistic missiles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for himself, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mrs. L UMMIS ): 
employee who refuses to answer questions or gives false testimony in a congressional hearing; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1536. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase and make permanent the research credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize a program of priority review to encourage treatments for rare pediatric diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1538. A bill to extend the principle of 
federalism to State drug policy, provide access to medical marijuana, and enable research into the medicinal properties of marijuana; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Labor from enforcing any requirement that consumer reporting agencies that serve only as a secure conduit to data from State unemployment compensation agencies obtain and maintain an individual’s informed consent agreement when verifying income and employment with such agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
to waive certain provisions of law requiring the imposition of sanctions with respect to Iran, to codify certain sanctions imposed by executive order, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 1541. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to make Hispanicserving institutions eligible for technical and financial assistance for the establishment of preservation training and degree programs; to the 
H.R. 1542. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to recognize Indian tribal governments for purposes of determining under the adoption credit whether a child has special needs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN, Ms. H AHN, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appropriations were made for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1544. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the estate and gift tax; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VALADAO , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. W ALZ): 
H.R. 1545. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional institution for firearms carried by certain employees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself, Mr. HIGGINS, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 1546. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for public broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
JONES , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. W OMACK , 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
H.R. 1547. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal certain limitations on health care benefits enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. 
DEGETTE , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N ADLER, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , 
California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , 
Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): 
H.R. 1548. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act to eliminate the exemption for aggregation of emissions from oil and gas sources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. THOMP SONof California, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
Mr. P OSEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Ms. K USTER , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
Georgia, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. Y ODER , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. F OSTER): 
H.R. 1549. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the 7 year recovery period for motorsports entertainment complexes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Stability Act of 2010 to improve the transparency of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, to improve the SIFI designation process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
JOLLY , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. D UNCAN of 
AMASH , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R ICEof 
H.R. 1551. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to phaseout the Mass Transit Account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to preserve the effectiveness of medically important antimicrobials used in the treatment of human and animal diseases; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1553. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to specify which smaller institutions may qualify for an 18month examination cycle; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1554. A bill to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
and enforcement of the Forest Service travel management rule and require the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management to incorporate the needs, uses, and input of affected communities, and to obtain their consent, before taking any travel management action affecting access to National Forest System lands derived from the public domain or public lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1556. A bill to secure the Federal voting rights of nonviolent persons when released from incarceration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H. Con. Res. 28. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the President’s executive amnesty is illegal notwithstanding passage of H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. N UNES , Ms. 
President to provide Ukraine with military assistance to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. considered and agreed to. 
MICA, Mr. N UGENT , and Ms. J ACKSON  
Elmira Mangum as the first female president of Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1523. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). 
H.R. 1524. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Post Offices and post Roads’’), Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). 
H.R. 1525. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). 
H.R. 1526. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1527. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and the 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution, which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1529. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3, further, Article 1, Section 7, clause 2. 
H.R. 1530. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and including, but not solely limited to Article I, Section 8, Clause 14. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 1532. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1533. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1534. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1535. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1536. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 and the XVI amendment to the U.S. Constitution 
H.R. 1537. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
United States Constitution under Article I, Section 8, ‘‘Congress shall have the power To... provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States’’ and ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers.’’ 
H.R. 1538. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1539. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
H.R. 1540. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1541. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1542. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1543. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
Article I, §8 Clause 11: To raise and support 
armies, but no appropriation of money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years; 
Article I, §8 Clause 13: To make rules for 
the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; 
Article I, §8 Clause 14: To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions; 
Article I, §8 Clause 15: To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the states respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress; 
H.R. 1544. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 1545. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1546. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution, which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1547. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1548. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes). 
H.R. 1549. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1550. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
H.R. 1551. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1552. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of Section 8 of Article 
H.R. 1553. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1554. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
make rules for the government and regulation of the land. 
H.R. 1555. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 1556. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I section 4 clause 1 of The Constitution of the United States 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 140: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
H.R. 169: Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 232: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
H.R. 308: Mr. K ILDEE and Mr. C ONYERS . 
CRAMER , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and 
H.R. 381: Mr. W ALZand Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 430: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 474: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 511: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 572: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 592: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
H.R. 595: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 601: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 602: Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. G ENEGREEN  
H.R. 642: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 650: Mr. H ILL, Mr. B UCK, Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
PERRY , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
H.R. 662: Mr. C HABOT and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 663: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
H.R. 721: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. 
H.R. 767: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M EADOWS , and 
H.R. 793: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 824: Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. W ALBERG , and 
Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 835: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 840: Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
H.R. 969: Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. U PTON , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.R. 970: Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. H ECKof 
H.R. 990: Mr. N ADLER , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
POSEY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mrs. 
H.R. 1019: Mr. N UNES and Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 1037: Mr. S ALMON , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
BEYER , Ms. E STY, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
H.R. 1089: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 1092: Mr. D EUTCH and Ms. R OS 
H.R. 1105: Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Mr. H ILL, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. H URTof Virginia, 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. L ONG, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. H URDof 
Texas, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. F LORES , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1111: Ms. M OORE and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1147: Mr. F LEMING , Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1149: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
H.R. 1150: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mrs. 
TROTT , Mr. P OMPEO , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1172: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P IERLUISI , and 
H.R. 1215: Mr. A BRAHAM and Mr. G OHMERT . 
GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ALKER , 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 1258: Mr. S HUSTER and Ms. J UDYCHU 
H.R. 1267: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M ARCHANT , 
Mr. L ATTA , and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1269: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 1271: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1282: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Ms. J UDY 
H.R. 1299: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 1336: Mr. R OSSand Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
MCKINLEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. R OGERS  
H.R. 1346: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1347: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1350: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1365: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. H ILL, Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. J ORDAN , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. H URT of Virginia, and Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1421: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1429: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1434: Ms. P ELOSI , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
H.R. 1459: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. V ARGAS . 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. B ARR, Mr. R EED, 
H.R. 1482: Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of 
CONNOLLY , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. K EATING , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
New York, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1487: Mr. R USSELL and Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 1508: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
MICA, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1519: Mr. L OEBSACK and Ms. Judy Chu 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. B USTOS , and 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mrs. N OEM, Mr. S HIMKUS , 
H. Res. 53: Mr. R OYCE and Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. C OFFMAN and Ms. H AHN. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1675 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 23, 2015 No. 48 