predictably, Congress is sidestepping the transportation funding issue for the 34th time with yet another short term extension, this one until the end of October. 
its infrastructure 3 months, 8 months, 10 months at a time. This is a symbol of the failure of Congress and the last two administrations to deal meaningfully with the need to rebuild and renew America. 
behind. We all can remember the days when the United States had the finest infrastructure in the world. Well, those days have long since passed. By any objective measure, we are now down about 25th in the world, and we continue to fall further. 
Americans every single day. The average damage to a car is over $500 a year in maintenance costs due to poor road conditions, more than $125 billion a year to the economy with congestion, being stuck in traffic. 
Because of poor road conditions, infrastructure failures, and an inability to keep pace with growth, there are people being killed and injured every day across America. It doesn’t have to be this way. 
The failure to get a 6year reauthorization, which we haven’t had since 1998, is due to one simple fact: Congress is still trying to pay for 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dollars. 
dozen Members of Congress have cosponsored legislation to raise the gas tax for the first time in 22 years, legislation that is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, AFL–CIO, local government, transit, environmentalists, contractors, the largest collection of groups supporting any major issue before Congress. 
President Ronald Reagan when he led the effort in his administration to raise the gas tax 125 percent. It is a solution that has been embraced by six red Republican States already this year. 
end of October could actually be our salvation. I have personally lobbied President Obama to call for an end to this charade. The President believes in infrastructure and every year has offered up an approach from his perspective. 
us to draw one final red line. This October 31 deadline ought to be it. Let Congress stew. Let things grind to a halt if we don’t do our job. 
written and can be approved if the Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee would deal with it for a week. 
It is a simple onepage bill. It is not 
necessary to tie ourselves in knots. And then, if we give a number to the authorizing committee, in a matter of weeks, they can develop that 6year bill that would make such a difference. 
We could meet the President’s deadline, have this done once and for all, put hundreds of thousands of people to work at familywage jobs all across the country, improving the quality of life, making our communities more livable, our families safer, healthier, more economically secure, and stop playing with gimmicks that highlight our dysfunction. 
and, more importantly, to us that we can actually function the way things were designed, using a user fee that is perfectly attuned to road needs that have served us well for over half a century. 
you make it clear that you are going to call an end to this charade. Give Congress 3 more months to do our job. It doesn’t need any more. 
We operate from cliff to crisis. Deadlines are simply an alarm clock to get started. Well, this particular alarm clock could start ticking now if you are calling a halt to our continued irresponsibility. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
bad deal is a bad deal under a Republican President or a Democratic President. This Iran nuclear deal is a bad deal because we have seen this movie before. We know how it ends. 
has been following the North Korean playbook on exactly how to extract concessions from the United States and the international community while simultaneously continuing to improve its nuclear program, expand its infrastructure, and support its illicit activities. 
observations, including Alan Dershowitz in a Jerusalem Post article last week. 
It is not just how the process unfolded and how the international community fell for the tricks of the rogue regimes that are so scary. 
Korea as having been the victors in its battle over its nuclear program; so, naturally, it would want to replicate that. 
how similar the rhetoric is between President Clinton’s announcement of a nuclear agreement with North Korea and President Obama’s announcement of a nuclear agreement with Iran. 
Mr. Dershowitz noted between President Clinton’s remarks in 1994 and President Obama’s from earlier this month. Then, Mr. Speaker, it will be easy to understand why so many of us oppose this nuclear deal. 
the North Korea agreement will make the U.S., the Korean Peninsula, and the world safer. Earlier this month President Obama said that this deal will bring about change that makes the U.S. and the world safer and more secure. 
world that the North Korea deal ‘‘does not rely on trust. Compliance will be certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency.’’ 
Last week President Obama proclaimed, ‘‘This deal is not built on trust. It is built on verification.’’ 
now are painfully aware, inaccurately—that the North Korea agreement would be ‘‘a crucial step toward drawing North Korea into the global community’’ and predicted the end of the rogue regime’s isolation. 
poses that the Iran deal ‘‘offers an opportunity to move in a new direction’’ because we have taken a different path that ‘‘leads to more integration into the global economy, more engagement with the international community, and the ability of the Iranian people to prosper and thrive.’’ And, of course, there was the spurious promise to an ally to assuage them that we didn’t just put their national security in jeopardy. 
our commitment to protect South Korea. Now, President Obama, already knowing that Israel vehemently objects to this deal and feels as though this gives Iran—an existential threat to its existence and a regime that has promised to wipe the Jewish state off of the map—the ultimate weapon to achieve its goals, promises to ‘‘continue our unprecedented effort to strengthen Israel’s security, efforts that go beyond what any American administration has done before.’’ 
reached, one of the most significant flaws was that it failed to dismantle any of North Korea’s nuclear infrastructure. 
delay the North Korean bomb, not prevent it. That is what this nuclear deal with Iran is designed to do. 
Korea, and we can be sure that Iran plans to follow suit. 
bet by the administration and the rest of the P5+1 that the Iranian regime will see the error of its ways and wants to be part of the global community and forsake its support for terror and other illicit behavior. 
with U.S. national security, and it is not a gamble that I or any one of us should be willing to take. 
reject this deal and demand a better deal or else reimpose the sanctions and use the only thing, the only tactic, that Iran understands—strength—to force it to abandon its nuclear ambitions. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I spoke about Puerto Rico’s debt crisis and how there must be a sense of urgency because, without action, bondholders will be paid, but teachers, cops, and nurses won’t. 
two points. Number one, let’s not let bondholders bleed Puerto Rico at a discount. Number two, let’s work together on what unites us, not what divides us. 
any progress is if the people of Puerto Rico come together to make a plan and demand that the Congress of the United States work with Puerto Rico on Puerto Rico’s plan. 
pressure from Puerto Rico, Washington will do nothing, as both the administration and the Congress are content to let the bondholders on Wall Street call 
with H.R. 870, the bankruptcy bill. It is simply a bill that will allow Puerto Rico to declare bankruptcy and restructure its debt within the U.S. legal system. 
restructuring of the debt in a court of law. It is an important step, but will not solve all of Puerto Rico’s problems. 
now is demand to know what Wall Street vulture capitalists are paying for the bonds. 
selling for 15 and 20 cents on the dollar, yet the bond owners want a full dollar’s worth of interest. 
based on the price the billionaires actually paid and that they should disclose this amount, just as a congressman does in this Congress every time we make an investment. 
based on what was paid to buy the debt. I came here to protect people, not the profits of billionaires on Wall Street. 
the time being, we must set aside politics and get away from the smokescreen of the status issue in Puerto Rico. 
State, an independent nation, or remain a commonwealth cannot be the priority right now before this Congress. 
they are leaving by 5,000 a month—it will not matter what kind of government is left behind. 
current debt crisis as an opportunity to score political points for their party. 
Rico must be clear, precise, and unified, the status issue divides Puerto Ricans. 
I read in The New York Times the argument of the Resident Commissioner of the Statehood Party that the only solution to Puerto Rico’s problems is to make it a State. 
debt crisis? The power crisis? The public employees’ pension gap crisis? The Medicare Advantage budget crisis? 
We should be working together to figure out how Puerto Rico is going to pay teachers and honor their pensions, how we will make sure health care is delivered to all and bridges do not collapse. A statehood bill is not going to provide housing, create a job, or heal a sick child. 
about Puerto Rico, they ask me: Which is it? Is it statehood? Do you want a bankruptcy bill? Do you want more Medicaid? 
clear and put aside the status issue. Please, we need to work together. 
minute to restate my call to action in Spanish. 
the chances of forcing Washington to help resolve Puerto Rico’s debt crisis. 
plan that has support across all of the parties, and most importantly, across the Island. 
work with the Resident Commissioner and the Resident Commissioner cannot view this crisis as a campaign tool for higher office. 
this Congress if and when there is a consistent and persistent call on Congress by Puerto Ricans to act. And Puerto Ricans need to specify what they expect Congress to do. 
it. If we still have the Jones Act and the same economy and economic prospects as we have now, we will not advance. 
Puerto Rico is not some store to be looted and that the Puerto Rican people will not sit and starve as Wall Street counts its profits. 
work together for the betterment of Puerto Rico. And we cannot let political divisions over statehood divide us. 
status and working with other Puerto Ricans in the Congress and other leaders in both Parties who will help us. But we must first come together, begin helping ourselves, and have a clear plan. 
destruir las posibilidades de obligar a Washington a ayudar a resolver la crisis de la deuda de Puerto Rico. 
todos los partidos y sobre todo, a trave´s de la Isla. 
manera de trabajar con el Comisionado Residente y el Comisionado Residente no puede ver esta crisis como una herramienta en sus campan ˜as para un 
Rico siempre y cuando haya un llamado constante y persistente de los puertorriquen ˜os exigiendo que el 
Congreso cumpla. Y los puertorriquen ˜os tienen que indicar lo 
que Puerto Rico no es una tienda para ser pirateada y que el pueblo de Puerto Rico no esperara ´a morir de hambre 
con descuentos, deben ser pagados con descuentos. Pero sobre todo, tenemos que 
trabajar juntos por el bien de Puerto Rico. Y no podemos dejar que las divisiones polı ´ticas sobre la estadidad 
hecho a poner a un lado mis propios sentimientos sobre el estatus de Puerto Rico y a trabajar con otros puertorriquen ˜os en el Congreso y otros 
dispuestos a ayudarnos. Pero primero tenemos que unirnos, empezar a ayudarnos a nosotros mismos, y tener un plan claro. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois will provide a translation for the RECORD . 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 
today to recognize an outstanding family business in my home State of North Carolina. 
opened in 1965, it had two employees and a loan from the Small Business Administration. The two employees were Peggy Williford and her husband, Buren, who was one of the first licensed mechanical contractors in North Carolina—SPC, a classic family business, with all three of Peggy and Buren’s sons—Chris, Mark, and Tim— continuing to lead the company. 
SPC family have weathered recessions and hard times, and over the years, through good oldfashioned hard work, they have grown. 
SPC has expanded their plumbing, heating, and airconditioning business to four offices statewide, and their SPC trucks are a familiar sight on the roads across North Carolina, but the biggest story is the family they have built through SPC, today providing jobs to 450 people. 
When it came to building the company, Buren Williford always had a commonsense philosophy. He said: ‘‘Successful companies look for like minded people to do business with.’’ 
adopting a new name—SPC Mechanical—to more accurately describe its growth and success. The Williford family still practices the oldfashioned principles of integrity, safety, and giving back to their community, for example, by offering young employees scholarships to attend nearby Barton College. 
the Williford family. They have now been in business for 50 years. It is my pleasure today to recognize the accomplishments of Peggy and Buren Williford. RECOGNIZING CONNIE JEAN 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HINOJOSA ) for 5 minutes. 
proud to rise to recognize my longtime chief of staff, Connie Jean Humphrey, who is retiring after a long and distinguished career on Capitol Hill. 
It is an honor and a privilege to recognize Connie’s many years of service and achievements. She has proven herself as a talented and dedicated public servant, who has made innumerable contributions in the service of my constituents residing in Texas’ 15th Congressional District along the Rio Grande Valley. 
Connie has compiled a long list of accomplishments throughout her career and as a senior member of my staff, and she has earned an impeccable reputation on Capitol Hill among her peers and my colleagues in the Texas congressional delegation with whom she has worked very closely in support of our mutual objectives for our great State of Texas. 
and experience as my chief of staff. She has a thorough understanding of Federal policy, particularly in the areas of health care, education, transportation, the environment, and on women’s issues. 
areas important to my constituents in the valley, and she has been an invaluable source of guidance and counsel during my appointments on the House Education and the Workforce Committee, as well as on the Financial Services Committee. 
the leader of my office with the training and detailoriented scrutiny of an attorney, who graduated from the University of Maryland, and with the policy expertise of a congressional aide who served in staff leadership positions for nearly three decades. 
lead the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2010, which is aiding organizations like Workforce Solutions, based in McAllen, Texas, and is committed to the success of the employers and workforce of the Rio Grande Valley by matching them with skilled, productive employees and upgrading the skills of their current workforce. 
Connie has been particularly effective in helping me address urgent needs in deep south Texas. Latino students aspiring to attain the dream of a college education are that much closer to realizing their hopes, thanks to Connie’s involvement, resulting in passage of the Higher Education Opportunity Act and the student loan and healthcare reconciliation bill of 2010, among the largest investments in higher education since the GI bill, particularly for Latino and minorityserving higher education institutions in our country. 
an unprecedented healthcare system that complements the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 that Connie also played a major role in helping shepherd through the Education and the Workforce Committee, and that is now providing millions of Americans with affordable health care who previously had no coverage. 
than coincidence that the high school graduation rate in my congressional district has accelerated—from 55 percent to 85 percent—during Connie’s tenure as my chief of staff. 
generation of young Latinos, who are making significant contributions to our communities and regional economy; and it is a direct result of Connie’s advocacy and leadership contributing to the passage of each of these four aforementioned bills. 
These public laws constitute my collection of framed legislation in my congressional office that I was very proud to pass as either chairman or ranking member of the Higher Education and Workforce Training Subcommittee with Connie at the helm of my office. 
tireless efforts in helping me facilitate two new international land bridges designed to stimulate commercial activity, economic growth, and stability to the Rio Grande Valley. 
Her intimate knowledge of transportation policy was a key element in the process culminating in the approval of Presidential permits that paved the way to open the DonnaRio Bravo and the Anzalduas International Bridges. 
securing $300 million in Federal investments for floodway levee improvements along the Hidalgo County, Texas, and Mexican borders. 
We still remember the impact of Hurricane Dolly in 2008 that brought between a foot and 15 inches of rain to the Valley. Hurricane Ike followed shortly thereafter, with storm surges as high as 20 feet and caused almost $20 billion in damages. 
highly susceptible to damage and our residents even more imperiled if the levees were breached by a hurricane or heavy rains without this assistance. As a result, hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of property were spared during the landfall of Hurricane Alex in 2010, when the Rio Grande River crested to a record of 59 feet. 
Connie led my team in preparing our communities to apply for assistance that ultimately received over half a billion dollars for Hidalgo County alone under the ARRA. 
Connie as a trusted and beloved member of my staff, but I am happy for her as she embarks upon a new endeavor as the senior vice president of public and community relations and special counsel of the Doctors Hospital at Renaissance, where she will continue to serve my constituents and be uniquely positioned to help the hospital deliver and expand the reach of health care to underserved communities and economically disadvantaged families. 
I wish to, again, thank Connie Humphrey for all of her hard work, steadfast commitment to the people of south Texas, and for her skillful management of my staff and congressional offices. 
District of Texas, I congratulate Connie for her excellent service and for a job very well done. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, this past Sunday was a special and historic day. It marked 25 years since the Americans with Disabilities Act was signed into law. 
on our country and its citizens. It speaks to the best about our country; toward forming a more perfect union, it aims to provide equal opportunity for those who have a disability. 
reflect on something that unites us; that is it is estimated that one in five Americans is living with a disability. Disabilities affect individuals in every congressional district in this country, in every State, in every neighborhood. It touches the lives of everyone—race, gender, income. No demographic is exempt from disability. 
have a disability and offers promise that opportunities exist for selffulfillment. 
level, it stands for the proposition that providing reasonable accommodations to those with a disability is how a civil society addresses an imbalance borne through no fault of the individual. 
The law and its legislative, regulatory, and judicial progeny enables us to address issues such as public transportation, housing, education, and social services in a more thoughtful, proactive, effective, and humane way. While there is no doubt that substantial progress has been made, I am not here on the House floor to say that our work is done—because it isn’t. 
Americans have been helped, and that doesn’t include their families and loved ones who can point to how laws do matter and can make a positive impact. 
still confront that relate to access and opportunity on holding up the standard of selfsufficiency for individuals with a disability and looking at how public policy can be shaped to help achieve this standard for disabled Americans. The crux is often that time between 
ending in the classroom and looking for employment opportunity. 
in Motion, a Berks County organization in my district that provides outstanding services to individuals and families in Berks County. 
individuals and parents who, through grit and determination, were able—and are able—to navigate the complex maze of programs and services and funding streams to coordinate caregivers, transportation, and employment in the postacademic world. 
Let’s focus on streamlining and better integrating these programs and funding streams, and let’s focus on encouraging job opportunities for disabled individuals who want to work and build a meaningful career. 
Let’s also focus on improving transportation options so that individuals who want to work are able to get to work without difficulty. 
Let’s continue to set forth and advance good policy, like the ABLE Act from the last Congress, which will encourage individuals and families to save taxfree dollars to help finance the costs associated with disabilities. 
Abilities in Motion and other organizations that serve families and individuals in my district, such as the National Federation of the Blind, The Arc Alliance, the Disability Rights Network, and the Pennsylvania Statewide Independent Living Council. These organizations, their employees, and their volunteers work day in and day out to improve everyday lives. 
who sacrifice for their loved ones who have disabilities, and let’s recognize the courage and the hard work of those who have disabilities as they endure every day to become selfsufficient. It really speaks to what is great about this country. 
a disability and who wakes up every day with optimism and purpose, you are to be commended. You are the American success story. 
the ADA has increased accessibility and has empowered millions of Americans with disabilities. It is important to acknowledge the progress, but it is also important to recognize that there are still challenges that we should address from a public policy perspective. We must continue our efforts, in a bipartisan manner, to advance policy that keeps us a step ahead and that meets the needs of disabled Americans today and tomorrow. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) 
the Nation’s bridges, highways, and transit has all but stopped because of 34 patch extensions that keep everything—except patchwork—on hold. 
town early, leaving a new 3month patch. This time, though, the Republican House is scrambling out of the Capitol, literally, to get away from the Republican Senate, which had been trying for a 6year bill. The Republican House’s ‘‘my way or the highway’’ was addressed to the Republican Senate, and the public be damned—and it worked. The Republican Senate has given up on the Nation’s infrastructure, too. The Republican Senate announced this morning that it will accept the House’s 3month patch. Six months of control of the House and Senate by the Republicans has made Congress even more dysfunctional. 
nothing to do with roads and bridges. Who knows what will get done this time? House Republicans see political goals at the end of their 3month road, when the mustpass highway bill could serve their purposes, such as the usual, if dangerous, dispute over an extension of the debt ceiling. 
States alike keep meeting their obligations under the StateFederal partnership. Eighteen States and the District of Columbia have raised their gas user fees, going as high as 10cent increases in Iowa and in Wyoming; but the roads, bridges, and transit remain stalled because the Federal partner keeps dropping out. More than half of the funds for a nationwide system that connects our States with one another comes from the Federal trust fund. 
of work on a final bill has been done except the Senate’s current try at a 6 year bill. There have been no serious talks here on alternatives to the gas user fee, although it long ago was swallowed by today’s hardwon fuel efficiency that leaves the transit trust 
fund thirsty for a refill after a year and a half or so. 
four alternatives to the current user fee, which is the legacy of the Eisenhower years. House Republicans have offered none. Congress has refused to raise the Federal user fee since 1992, adding to the woes of the 1950’s method we use to pay for our roads. 
town today to hide from the Republican Senate. As they run home, I can only hope they run into the arms of their own angry constituents on their own rickety roads. House Republicans can run, but they can’t hide from the broken down bridges, roads, and transit they will use back home. DEMAND FOR TRANSPARENCY IN 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) for 5 minutes. 
today in order to address a concern that anyone who has ever owned or has run a business truly understands—the negative effects of unchecked government regulations on our American economy. 
No matter how large or small, Federal regulations are being added each day into law by the hundreds—and even sometimes by the thousands—most of which are not directly approved by Congress. 
to continue to stuff the overwhelming number of regulations into congressionally passed legislation, we are essentially handing over authority to the Federal agencies for them to legislate as they please. It is our job in Congress to oversee these regulations as they are being generated in order to provide that our constituents are not left behind. 
great strides in reforming the regulations process in order to help the economy grow. A great example of that occurred yesterday with the passage of the REINS Act. There should be no question that any regulation that makes an annual impact of $100 million on the economy should require congressional approval before it can become law. 
of the day’s Federal Register is delivered to each of our offices daily. This book provides a hard copy of every new regulation that ranges from environmental protection to labor standards, to health guidelines, to restrictions on financial institutions. 
Last year, the Federal Register contained over 77,000 pages, with 3,554 new regulations. Even though this large number of pages is absurd, it was only the sixth highest page count in the Federal Register’s history. As of this morning, the 2015 Federal Register sits at over 45,000 pages. 
important document—the Constitution—can fit on 39 pages, in this little book. In comparison, this is the July 13 edition of the Federal Register. It is 627 pages, and it is only one of three editions from that day alone. 
The continual expansion of our government through a vast number of regulations causes our economy to become as shaky and unstable as the Federal Registers that are stacked up in my office from this year, which is unacceptable and very concerning. 
the general public is made aware of these proposed rules and the opportunity to voice one’s concerns on the rules. While we are provided with a daily index of rules and new regulations through the Federal Register, the American taxpayers, for whom we work, are left in the dark. 
into account the economic impact that is placed on American businesses and families, each new regulation can lead to lower wages, job losses, and higher prices for goods. In 2014, Federal regulations cost American families an estimated $1.88 trillion in financial burden, representing, roughly, $15,000 per household. This cost is also larger than Canada’s economy, is larger than Mexico’s economy, and is larger than the economies of Australia, Russia, Spain, and South Korea, just to name a few. In fact, the economies of only nine nations in the world are larger than the cost of our regulations. 
Although all sized businesses and industries feel the effects of government regulations, it is the small businesses that face greater adversity from regulations due to costs attributed to comply. In addition to compliance costs, limited comment periods, and a lack of information pertaining to how they make their opinions heard, business owners are usually those who end up being left out in the cold. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in demanding more transparency in the regulatory and rulemaking process because it is our duty to our constituents. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) for 5 minutes. 
ago this week, President Lyndon Johnson signed the law that created Medicare and Medicaid—the most important healthcare programs in our country’s history prior to the Affordable Care Act. With one stroke of his pen, President Johnson guaranteed both poor Americans and older Americans the right to highquality, affordable medical treatment. 
now, our seniors have received the health care they have needed to stay healthy and to live full lives; but despite the success, there are gaps in Medicare coverage that need to be closed. The most glaring gap is the fact that Medicare does not provide basic medical coverage for seniors’ eyes, ears, and teeth. It is as though Medicare assumes that seniors don’t need to see or to hear or to chew. 
hightech treatments. We are talking about no Medicare coverage for eyeglasses, eye exams, hearing aids, cavity fillings, and dentures. We are talking about no treatment for medical conditions that lead to blindness, deafness, 
lost teeth, and serious gum disease, which has been strongly linked to heart disease. It is unthinkable that we deny our seniors this elementary level of care. 
America who are blind. How many of them would be able to see today if they had received simple annual eye exams as part of their Medicare coverage? 
to ourselves—the young to the old, one generation to the next. The promise is that, after you reach your 65th birthday, your medical needs will be met. To keep that promise, our seniors have paid into the system, in some cases for a half a century, before they receive a single earned benefit. They deserve the best care we can provide for them. 
This week, to honor the 50th anniversary of this lifesaving program we call Medicare, I am introducing the Seniors Have Eyes, Ears, and Teeth Act. This bill will amend title XVIII—the Medicare provision of the Social Security Act—to repeal the arbitrary exclusion of eyeglasses, eye exams, hearing aids, hearing exams, and dental care from Medicare coverage. Two short lines in the U.S. Code have barred that coverage for 50 years. I simply delete those lines. I urge my congressional colleagues to enact this quick, easy, and necessary reform. 
Medicare should provide health coverage for every part of your body, including eyes, ears, and teeth. Over 50 million Americans enjoy Medicare coverage. To celebrate the 50th anniversary of Medicare, let’s guarantee to 50 million Americans the health care they need in order to look into the eyes of the ones they love, to see our Fourth of July fireworks each year, and to hear it when freedom rings. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) for 5 minutes. 
this summer Democrats and Republicans came together to pass a trade authorization bill that set the standards for any trade deal that the United States negotiates with other countries. 
it guarantees transparency for the public, and it guarantees that our negotiators have the opportunity to get the best deal for our workers, our farmers, our ranchers, and our employers. 
different countries around the Pacific Rim are meeting in Hawaii for negotiations with the TransPacific Partnership. It is a deal that will open doors for American businesses to sell their products overseas and create jobs right here at home. 
this: 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of the United States; 80 percent of the world’s purchasing power is outside of the United States. 
We need to allow our American companies to compete and to be able to sell their products and goods and services 
allow America to act as a counterweight to the growing influence of China in the region. 
rules for the global economy, China will step in and write them, and it won’t be to the benefit of American workers and businesses. 
American people should and will vet any deal that results from the current TransPacific Partnership negotiations, it is important to understand what a successful agreement will mean here at home. 
and higher wages. That is because jobs that rely on trade pay 18 percent higher than those jobs that don’t. It also means boosting job growth right here in America. That is because one in five jobs are tied to trade. 
jobs are currently supported by trade, and new trade with Asia will enhance and support that opportunity to build on new success. 
small and mediumsized businesses. In Minnesota, 90 percent of these small businesses are the companies that export goods and services. 
lot of work that needs to be done by our negotiators to make sure they reach an agreement that is best for the American people. We need cooperation from the other countries that are involved in these negotiations. 
on tariff and quota issues dealing with their dairy and their egg industries. Japan needs to step up on agriculture issues. 
Progress still needs to be made to ensure that American intellectual property is protected. However, with commitment from our trading partners, I am confident that we can overcome these remaining hurdles. 
where everyone benefits and everyone follows the rules. We live in an interconnected world, and we should be embracing opportunities that open more markets for American goods and services. 
America will continue to lead the way in the 21st century global economy. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ) for 5 minutes. 
I rise today with a heavy heart. I am deeply saddened by the death of former MiamiDade County Police Director Robert Parker. I extend my sincerest sympathies to his family at this difficult time. Director Parker was a friend and a 
true humanitarian. Throughout his career in law enforcement with the MiamiDade County Police Department, he was committed to making south Florida a safer place to work, to live, and to visit. He was well respected and celebrated, and he fought to create opportunities for men and women of color. 
the 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project, Director Parker worked closely with me to save atrisk minority boys and young men. 
His impact is evident by the thousands of success stories of Role Model boys who, under his mentorship, have gone on to college and thriving careers. The 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project in south Florida owes Director Parker a huge debt of gratitude. 
Director Parker testified before Congress on behalf of violence in the Black community. He testified before Congress about the tragic death of Trayvon Martin. He went on to be featured on CNN, MSNBC, and all of our local TV shows. 
over this country. Our boys and our community were so very, very proud of this wonderful role model. 
his family, his sweet, sweet grandchildren, his daughter, Kalika, his son, Robert, Jr., his son, Kyron, and his devoted wife and the love of his life, Veronica. 
who lived to embody the principles of equality, justice, and freedom upon which America is founded. To fully understand our loss, you must first understand the treasure that we all shared in Director Parker. 
Director Parker showed a bright intellect and caring nature, growing up as a child in the rural community of Monticello, Florida. 
States Army. He joined the Miami Police Department in 1976, when it was still known as the Dade County Police Safety Department. He was a bright and eager young officer who wanted to make his community safer. 
officer’s officer. He worked hard, and he made great sacrifices for his career through the love and support of his family. 
He enjoyed a storied rise up the ladder of police leadership because of his determination to solve crimes. He was affectionately called ‘‘Bobby’’ by his friends and colleagues, but he was also nicknamed ‘‘Marathon Man.’’ 
giving a foot chase to catch one of the most notorious thieves in MiamiDade County history. 
capture because he was too crafty and fast for most officers, but not too fast for Robert Parker. 
adjective, something that was hard or tedious. However, he saw it as a verb. It was something that he had to do. 
spotlight or awards, but his dutiful nature and bravery made it almost impossible to deny him recognition. 
Mr. Speaker, Director Parker’s service to south Florida and our Nation had an underlying theme that permeated everything he did: his love for his community. 
He understood that the best police officers are not the police who wore the badges, but the best police officers were the people who paid their mortgages, who sent their kids to school, and who worked hard to build their community. 
Residents were always quick to ignore the false notion of no snitching and gave Director Parker information that solved crimes. 
eventually led to his promotion to director of the MiamiDade Police Department in 2004. His appointment was historic by his being the very first African American to hold that post, and he opened the door for many others to follow. 
force in the southeast United States, leading over 4,700 sworn and civilian employees. 
more diverse agency and create opportunities for minorities and women. He was an exemplary leader and even earned the respect of the police union. 
mentors look up to him. His absence will create a huge void. 
iconic law enforcement officer. His legacy will live in the hearts of all of us forever. My remarks will be entered into the official CONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD , and they will then be permanently placed in the Library of Congress. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 64. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Monuments Men. 
Senate has passed bills and a concurrent resolution of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 242. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a serviceconnected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
S. 614 An act to provide access to and use 
of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other 
S. 764. An act to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
S. Con. Res. 20. Concurrent resolution recognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. 
THE IMPROVING COAL COMBUSTION RESIDUALS REGULATION ACT OF 2015 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, responsible use and recycle of coal ash has the ability to reduce waste, provide construction materials, and keep utility costs low. 
another rule aimed at coal by mandating new standards for the disposal and storage of coal combustion residuals. 
House considered and passed H.R. 1734, the Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015. This legislation codifies the base standards of EPA’s final proposed rule, while also giving flexibility to the States to implement. 
States to create and enforce their own coal ash recycling permit programs. It also sets up enforceable State permit programs while utilizing the EPA’s minimum requirements and will protect 316,000 jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, States also have the option to make their requirements more stringent than the EPA’s final rule if they choose. I strongly support and was happy to vote for H.R. 1734 and the responsible use of coal and coal ash. 
Mr. Speaker, recently I visited the Tionesta Research Natural Area of the Allegheny National Forest. This old growth area is home to many 600year old hemlock trees. 
spoke to forestry officials about efforts to fight the woolly adelgid. I even applied a treatment designed to combat the invasive insect to one of these massive trees. 
Mr. Speaker, many States are involved in the effort to fight the adelgid, which originated in Japan and was first found in the United States in the early 1950s. It can kill a hemlock tree within a few years after it becomes infested. 
In 2012, I teamed with Federal researchers and those from my alma mater, Penn State University, at a forum I hosted to discuss efforts to save our State tree, the Eastern Hemlock. 
and Forestry Subcommittee, I am proud Pennsylvanians are among those leading the way in fighting this disease 
and protecting our forests and the economic stimulus that these forests provide both through timber and through tourism, making sure that these magnificent trees which have stood for centuries will stand tall for future generations. 
Mr. Speaker, on Sunday, July 26, we marked the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
The passage of this landmark legislation signified a commitment to eliminating barriers faced by millions of individuals with differing levels of disability. 
transportation, and other services to accommodate those living with disabilities and guaranteed equal opportunities for workers with disabilities. 
Mr. Speaker, 25 years later it is apparent that we have made tremendous strides in upholding the intent of this vastly important civil rights law. 
Today countless Americans are empowered to shape their own lives and plan their own futures as they experience their daily obstacles decreasing over time. While we have so much to celebrate, there is always more progress to be made. 
This Congress I introduced the Special Needs Trust Fairness Act with the goal of eliminating a current prohibition on a person with a disability to create his or her own special needs trust. 
recently passed by the Senate Finance Committee, and I am committed to working with my colleagues to guide this and similar measures through the legislative processes here in the House. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, we are on a dangerous path. First, my Republican colleagues pulled two critical appropriation bills from the floor simply because their party cannot come to an agreement on a flag that represents a very dark time in our Nation’s history. 
aisle, rather than focusing their energy on passing comprehensive immigration reform, passed a poisonous antiimmigrant bill in response to an isolated incident in the city of San Francisco, pulling money away from our law enforcement funding for public safety. 
ExportImport Bank, which helps ensure that Americans’ businesses can compete with their global competitors. 
refuse to come to the table yet again to provide a robust, longterm funding bill for our decaying infrastructure system in America. 
services that our communities need? The American people need goodpaying jobs, safe and modern infrastructure, and efficient transportation in order to provide a better life for themselves and for their families. We need to end these stopgap extensions. 
How do we fix a broken bridge or a 
broken highway? Two months of highway funding will not do that. In my home State of California, 60 percent of our roads are in poor or mediocre condition; and, moreover, almost 30 percent of California’s bridges have been recognized by the Department of Transportation as structurally deficient. 
California residents experienced the reallife consequences of this statistic when the Interstate 10, which connects California and Arizona, collapsed, injuring a resident and shutting down the highway for several days. This highway is critical to our Southwest economy, which is already suffering from deficiencies because of our water infrastructure and the drought that we have going on. 
throughout the United States in need of drastic repairs, failing to provide Americans with a longterm highway bill, we are putting jobs at risk, and we are putting our lives at risk, which is why my fellow House Democrats have come together to provide a 6year funding bill known as the GROW AMERICA Act. The bill will provide for $178 billion over 6 years, so that States and local municipalities can address critical infrastructure needs. 
help pay for the investments by ending an unfair tax loophole and limiting corporate inversions, meaning that big corporations, when they are renouncing their United States citizenship, they do that in order to avoid paying taxes. 
Let’s use that money for transportation investments here in America. Investing in local public transportation projects not only helps to improve our traffic flow, but it also helps create good jobs. 
As we look for ways to put our economy back on track, we must be mindful of the services that we provide to the American people. We need to stop slashing, and we need to start providing. We need to get away from sequestration and patchwork funding mentality to actually fulfill our duty as public servants to the American people. 
Our families, our roads, and our economy deserve a highway funding bill that will invest in America’s future, invest in better infrastructure, and invest in bigger paychecks for our hard working families who are trying to make it in America. RESEARCH AND SCIENTIFIC 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) for 5 minutes. 
To begin with, I am absolutely, resolutely provaccine. Advancements in medical immunization have saved countless lives and greatly benefited public health. 
that, in a recent Senate hearing on childhood vaccinations, it was never mentioned that our government has paid out over $3 billion through the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program for children who have been injured by vaccinations. 
parents making decisions about their children’s health deserve to have the best information available to them. They should be able to count on Federal agencies to tell them the truth. 
For these reasons, I bring the following matter to the House floor. In August 2014, Dr. William Thompson, a senior scientist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, worked with a whistleblower attorney to provide my office with documents related to a 2004 CDC study that examined the possibility of a relationship between the mumps, measles, and rubella vaccine and autism. 
2014, Dr. Thompson stated: ‘‘I regret that my coauthors and I omitted statistically significant information in our 2004 article published in the Journal of Pediatrics.’’ 
the immunization safety branch from 2000 to 2006 were to lead or colead three major vaccine safety studies. The MADDSP MMRAutism Cases Control Study was being carried out in response to the Wakefield Lancet study that suggested an association between the MMR vaccine and an autismlike health outcome. 
scientists and consumer advocates outside the CDC in the fall of 2000 regarding the execution of the Verstraeten study. 
One of the important goals that was determined upfront in the spring of 2001 before any of these studies started was to have all three protocols vetted outside the CDC prior to the start of the analyses so that consumer advocates could not claim that we were presenting analyses that suited our own goals and biases. 
We hypothesized that if we found statistically significant effects at either 18 or 36 month thresholds, we would conclude that vaccinating children early with MMR vaccine could lead to autismlike characteristics or features. 
and analysis plan. The goal was to not deviate from the analysis plan to avoid the debacle that occurred with the Verstraeten Thimerosal study published in Pediatrics in 2003. 
in detail how to code race for both the sample and the birth certificate sample. At the 
bottom of table 7, it also shows that for the nonbirth certificate sample, the adjusted race effect statistical significance was huge. 
sometime between August and September 2002 not to report any race effects for the paper. Sometime soon after the meeting, where we decided to exclude reporting any race effects, the coauthors scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the study. 
brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can. 
and would violate both FOIA and DOJ requests, I kept hard copies of all documents in my office, and I retained all associated computer files. 
I believe we intentionally withheld controversial findings from the final draft of the Pediatrics paper. 
to ensure that the documents Dr. Thompson provided are not ignored; therefore, I will provide them to Members of Congress and the House committees upon request. 
Considering the nature of the whistleblower’s documents, as well as the involvement of the CDC, a hearing and a thorough investigation is warranted. 
my colleagues on the Committee on Appropriations to please, please take such action. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House passed a measure I cosponsored, H.R. 427, known as the REINS Act, to end this administration’s disregard for the separation of powers. 
proper role in writing our Nation’s laws by requiring that any regulation written with a cumulative impact of over $100 million be reviewed and approved by Congress before going into effect, instead of the stifling of innovation that we have seen the effects of. 
Too often, we have seen this administration attempt to use creative interpretation of the law or aggressive rulemaking that have had a massive negative impact on our State’s economy, resulting in higher prices, thousands of dollars per cost additionally per family per year, lower wages, fewer working hours, or complete loss of job opportunities altogether. 
the United States regulation would insert the Environmental Protection Agency in local land use planning areas across the Nation. 
Do we really need the Federal Government telling us how to landscape our own backyards? Is that even proper? I think not. 
Do we really think the Federal Government should be regulating manmade ditches along country roads or fields or dry streambeds and puddles which hold water only during and immediately after rainstorms or irrigation and drainage ditches which wouldn’t even exist if not created by water districts and the people involved? 
What a giant leap of grab of power by 
the Federal Government in asserting itself over these private properties via these regulations written by bureaucrats and not overseen by Congress directly. 
are unilaterally deciding, with no evidence or science, that small depressions in fields are linked to distant waterways, placing vast areas of land out of production. Despite bipartisan congressional opposition, the administration is attempting to move forward with this aggressive regulation, waterways of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, the examples of this administration’s aggressive and careless decisions, increasing costs, eliminating jobs are almost too numerous to count. 
economy $1.88 trillion in higher prices for food, energy, and goods, averaging about $14,000 per U.S. household. This price tag has spiked, thanks to the President Obama administration, which added nearly 500 new regulations, 184 of which have combined to raise costs to Americans of about $80 billion. The result is 81 new major regulations per year. 
shouldn’t be imposing their will on the American people at a cost of billions of dollars each year. This is not the way to stop the difficult headwinds our economy faces. Indeed, this is causing more economic problems for us to recover from in this Nation. 
It is time for the Senate to join the 
House and send H.R. 427, the REINS Act, and help with our job economy, with the boost we all need—that we have needed for so long during this last 6 years. The REINS Act is needed to indeed rein in an outofcontrol government. 
his State of the Union Address in January 2011: 
To reduce barriers to growth and investment . . . when we find rules that put an unnecessary burden on businesses, we need to fix them. 
it done. Let’s get the Senate to get it done. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
gives me great privilege, first of all, to speak about the first item of interest to America and to many of us as certainly when the President represents the United States of America overseas. 
I had the privilege of traveling with the President for a most dynamic, unique, and historic mission, and that was to Kenya and Ethiopia. 
Let me congratulate him for a stupendous diplomatic success and interaction with a continent that will be the largest populated land area in the 21st century. What an amazing experience to be able to engage with businesses and see the opportunity for economic empowerment and cooperation between the United States and the many nationstates of the continent of Africa. 
businesspersons seeking an opportunity to work in their countries, but work with the United States, eager to work with U.S. businesses, welcoming U.S. investment, creating jobs in Africa, creating jobs in America—in particular, a broadcasting company that had been there for 50 years creating jobs in the United States, creating jobs in Kenya. 
story was. Along with the regional security issues, there was a commitment with the African Union to stand against Boko Haram and a commitment to establish civility and peace in South Sudan by demanding that there be a resolution of this by August 17— not the President standing alone, but working with the African Union, representing the tens upon tens of African nations, it was a resounding success, and I congratulate the President. 
As I come home and as a member of 
the Committee on the Judiciary, I am reminded of the tragedy of a young woman who had all of her life before her, and that was Sandra Bland. 
appreciation to the law enforcement officers across America and, as we all do, respect law and order; but in the instance where there is a tragic result, the death of this young woman, 28, with two undergraduate degrees and a master’s degree, her death was the result of malfeasance. 
We must walk together in a respectful manner with law enforcement and civilians. We have done it before. We must do it again. 
I believe that it is crucial for the Department of Justice to take over this investigation on a number of aspects, including patting down and other practices of law enforcement in Waller County and Hempstead, and certainly the question of this young lady’s civil rights. 
I ask that they look seriously, because even though there are alleged good intentions by the local authorities in establishing committees to review this, this is not regular order, this is not a procedure that works. No one understands the decision of a district attorney—unless he yields to an independent prosecutor, which this district attorney in Waller County is not—to have a committee of individuals with 
People and families are in pain. Certainly, we can do better as law enforcement and civilians working together. 
the 50th year of the Voting Rights Act. I join the leadership of NANCY PELOSI , 
Mr. H OYER , and Mr. C LYBURN in celebrating and acknowledging this exciting time that opened the doors of voting for everyone. One vote, one person. 
On August 6, I call upon my community in the 18th Congressional District in Houston to have a voting day—registering people to vote in a nonpartisan manner, bringing them out and celebrating the right to vote, when many countries do not have it. 
Let’s make the Voting Rights reauthorization the cause of this Congress. Let’s have Americans celebrate voting rights. 
While I was in Africa, one of the headlines was the killing of Cecil, a beautiful lion. The nations I visited were falling to their knees because they believe in wildlife preservation. We enjoy it here in our Nation’s zoos. We haven’t had that privilege of seeing these wonderful animals—giraffes, lions, tigers, and a whole array—in the wild. 
beautiful lion. What a disgrace. That individual is a disgrace. This individual had the responsibility for knowing of his guides and of the procedures of doing this kill for sport. He lured the animal out of the park. 
Ethiopia, and the other African nations in showing its outrage. Sadly, it was a citizen of the United States who was more interested in his personal privilege and pleasure than he was in understanding this iconic lion—the last male species of this kind, with a black mane and a giant of a personality—and helping to preserve this species. He couldn’t find any other joy than killing Cecil. I am saddened by this, and America should be saddened as well. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, sometimes the terrorism we witness in this day and age is a world away. Sometimes it occurs very close to home. 
Two weeks ago, terror visited Chattanooga, Tennessee, and, in so doing, hit home for us in Georgia. One of the five servicemen murdered on July 16 in Chattanooga grew up in the Sixth District of Georgia. He graduated from Sprayberry High School in 2012. Skip Wells was a marine—a proud marine, a proud American, and a hero. 
gathered to honor the life of this patriot, Skip Wells, who lost his life in the terrorist attack in Chattanooga. 
the heartbreak, and the pain of his family and friends, those who knew him best. But we can say how much heroes enlighten us—and inspire us—and strengthen the faith of our Nation and our lives. 
Skip Wells is a hero. It has been said 
that ‘‘a hero is someone who has given his life to something bigger than oneself.’’ That is precisely what Skip did. 
Wells felt called to serve, to protect. When asked why Skip joined the Marines, a friend of Skip’s told folks simply that ‘‘Skip just loved his country.’’ He knew that freedom isn’t free. He knew that liberty requires sacrifice. What an inspiration his dedication and his heroism are for all of us. 
Chesterton said that ‘‘the true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.’’ Skip Wells loved his family, his friends, the Marines— oh, how he loved the Marines—and he loved his country. 
Nation places him in the ranks of those with the greatest of valor. On behalf of all who represent this Nation, we send our deepest and heartfelt thanks and sympathy to Skip’s family and friends on their tragic loss. We all—every single American—mourn for those who make the ultimate sacrifice for this great land. 
who mourn, for they shall be comforted.’’ In its broadest sense, this verse is so very, very true. In the book of John, we read: ‘‘Greater love has no one than this, that one lay down his life for his friends.’’ 
family, you may be very, very proud of Skip and his ultimate sacrifice to our country. May God’s grace comfort you in this difficult time. Please know that a grateful Nation loves you and mourns with you. 
and the great men and women who stand in harm’s way every single day and protect this, the greatest Nation on Earth. May God bless us all, and may he continue to bless the United States of America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to recognize the 24th of August as the 23rd anniversary of Hurricane Andrew. On this date in 1992, the category 5 storm made landfall on Elliott Key, and then Homestead, Florida, killing 26 immediately, with dozens more fatalities from injuries stemming from the storm’s aftermath. We continue to mourn this loss of life. 
calculated at 164 miles per hour and completely wiped out Homestead Air 
Force Base. Until Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Andrew was the costliest storm in 
U.S. history, totaling $43.7 billion when adjusted for inflation. 
they noticed that much of the destruction was due to substandard construction methods. As a result, Florida now has the strongest building codes in the Nation. Furthermore, homes are now required to have storm shutters or impactresistant glass. 
prevent damage from a serious storm, we can mitigate the damage caused and thus reduce the costs of rebuilding our neighborhoods. 
The National Hurricane Center, located at Florida International University in my congressional district, provides important research on the effects these storms have on our coastlines and maintains a continuous watch on developing weather patterns that could become a tropical storm. I was able to tour this center earlier in the year, and I commend their efforts. 
remain cautious and vigilant so our communities and homes are protected. In the midst of this hurricane season, I strongly encourage all those in the potential paths of these storms to have a plan already in place to secure property and protect loved ones. By taking the appropriate preventative measures, we can assure that our families and neighborhoods remain safe. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer my sincere gratitude to the brave law enforcement officials who prevented a terrorist plot from unfolding in Key West. 
Key West man was arrested and charged with attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction. Key West is the southernmost point of not only my congressional district, but the entire United States. Anyone who has visited the Keys knows how truly special this part of our country is, not just for its natural beauty, but for the welcoming and creative people who call the Keys home. 
A terrorist attack occurring anywhere in the United States is a cause for serious alarm, and I am glad the efforts of one lone wolf were thwarted. 
the U.S. Attorneys Office, the South Florida Joint Terrorism Task Force, the Key West Police Department, the Monroe County Sheriff’s Office, and other law enforcement agencies for working together to neutralize this threat to Key West and our country. Because of their efforts, an untold number of lives were saved. 
us that we continue to be targeted by those who wish to do us harm. We must remain vigilant against these ongoing threats and ensure our law enforcement agencies continue to have the necessary resources to execute their critical mission. MIAMI DADE COLLEGE /JOB FAIR  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank all those who attended the job fair in my district office hosted last month for employers and workers in the Kendall area of south Florida. We were able to connect over 1,000 of our friends and neighbors who are looking for work with hundreds of businesses, agencies, and nonprofit organizations. The feedback was positive from countless participants who said they were able to collect resumes from wellqualified potential candidates for job opportunities. 
Congress is helping those who are most in need, and events like this job fair are an excellent way for our communities to come together and find opportunities for people with all sorts of different skill sets. 
thanks to Miami Dade College for hosting this terrific event. They provide excellent opportunities to south Florida residents who are looking to further their education and learn new skills to enhance their job credentials. 
Miami Dade College was recently named a ‘‘great college to work for’’ for the seventh consecutive year by the Chronicle of Higher Education. 
strong network of business leaders who work closely with educational institutions to help people find work. Every job is an opportunity, and today we celebrate the constituents in my district who have found gainful new employment as a result of the job fair at Miami Dade College. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) for 5 minutes. 
today to recognize Jenna McGivney of Southwood JuniorSenior High School for being selected to participate in the Library of Congress Teaching with Primary Sources Summer Teacher Institute. Her dedication to providing the highest quality of education to young Hoosiers is nothing short of remarkable. 
Educators attending the teacher institute participate in and develop primary sourcebased teaching strategies that they can take back to their school districts, apply in the classroom, and share with their colleagues. This is an opportunity reserved for only the finest teachers in the country and is a testament to Ms. McGivney’s success as an educator. 
like her that make me so grateful to represent Indiana’s Second Congressional District. The future of Indiana’s children lies in the hands of our educators. Because of that, they deserve our support and recognition. 
and thank her for her dedication to educating young Hoosiers. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I am grateful to cosponsor the Employee Rights Act, introduced by Chairman TOMPRICE, which establishes protections for American workers—to not join a union; to have a secret ballot; and, if they choose to join a union, to know how their dues are being spent. This legislation is critical to empowering American workers and shielding them from unfair treatment in the workplace. 
of righttowork protections, even when threatened by the National Labor Relations Board. For years, the NLRB has threatened to destroy jobs, particularly in the Charleston community. It has invaded employee privacy and encroached upon their rights. 
Nikki Haley, and South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson for their leadership in protecting our State’s righttowork laws. 
Carolina have seen firsthand that job creation and economic growth come from expanded freedoms. We need to expand commonsense reforms like those in the Employee Rights Act to protect American workers and create jobs. 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at noon. 
We pray You, O God, to be with the 
Members of this House today and as they return to their home districts during the August recess. Give them sound judgment and make them as practical as the American people who sent them here as their Representatives. 
Help them to withstand open criticism when they know what is right before You and conscience. Often, they 
are characterized by halftruths and attributed motives that are far beneath them. Uphold them at such times with personal integrity and compassion for those most in need. 
the best of their abilities, lift them even higher by Your grace and power to live and work for Your greater honor and glory, both this day and throughout the remainder of the summer. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
gentleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS) come forward and lead the House 
Mr. HIGGINS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
today to recognize the service of Plymouth Fire Chief Richard Kline, who has announced that he will be retiring at the end of this year. For over 20 years, Chief Kline has 
diligently served as the head of the Plymouth Fire Department during a period of tremendous growth and change. 
comes to bringing firefighting into the 21st century by embracing new technology and equipment techniques not only locally, but also being involved at the national level through education and speaking engagements. 
He also serves as chair of the Minnesota State Fire Chiefs Association Safety and Health Committee where his influence is felt throughout the State of Minnesota. 
Chief Kline for his service, for his dedication in leading our first responders, and keeping our community safe. 
will miss him, but Chief Kline’s steadfast leadership leaves Plymouth on a firm foundation for the future. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
past Sunday marked the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Since its enactment, the ADA has been a beacon of hope for millions of people with disabilities, both throughout the United States and around the world. 
champions fought for the rights and protections enshrined in this law. Thanks to their pioneering efforts, people with disabilities can participate in more aspects of society than ever before. Where barriers exist, so, too, do the opportunities to remove them, thanks to the protections and accommodations afforded under the ADA. 
of the ADA, but we still have much more work ahead. As we commemorate the silver anniversary of the ADA, I hope everyone will join me in celebrating the strides we have made, while also committing our efforts to achieving the full equality and opportunity on which the ADA and our country were founded. 
today with a heavy heart to remember the life of Terry Stambaugh of Harrison, Arkansas. 
was struck head on by a vehicle traveling at a high rate of speed, fleeing from police. It is heartbreaking to see the life of a community servant taken 
at the age of 61—or for any age, for 
the board of the Harrison, Arkansas, regional chamber of commerce; president of the Harrison Rotary Club; board member of the 14th judicial district’s court appointed special advocates program; past president of the Harrison District Board of Realtors; and had a long history working in the trucking industry. In addition, he was a deacon at the First Christian Church of Harrison. 
Mr. Speaker, Terry was a man of tremendous faith. While I know the entire Harrison community will forever mourn his loss, we take comfort in the fact that God is real, as Terry stated in his final Facebook posting, and that Terry is now at his side. 
I stand in this well today, Mr. Speaker, to honor Terry for his many years of service to his faith, his family, and his beloved city of Harrison and say a final thank you to this dedicated community leader. 
his children, Angela Keys, Sarah Stambaugh, and Hannah Lutz; and his stepchildren, Blake and Logan Cook, during this very difficult time for the family. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise with great excitement to congratulate the Houston City Council and our chief, Charles McClelland, for naming our beacon of law enforcement building after Edward Alfred Thomas, the longest serving and greatest patrol officer in the history of the Houston Police Department, so noted by fellow officers. 
Shreveport, Louisiana, in 1920. He played football for Southern University. As well, he was drafted in World War II, where he saw action with the United States Army in Normandy, in northern Africa, and during the Battle of the Bulge. 
After the war, with his honorable discharge, Edward Thomas became one of the first African American police officers in the city of Houston—when he started, he could not vote without a poll tax—where he worked for 63 years until his retirement on July 23, 2011. He worked for more than six decades, way before the civil rights movement. 
Because of his work and because of his race, Officer Thomas was not allowed to drive a squad car or arrest White suspects without obtaining permission from his supervisor. 
At one point in his career, he was disciplined for speaking to a White meter maid, who asked him to walk with her in order to avoid the unwanted attention and advances of nearby construction workers, just extending himself 
name on the 26story headquarters building, and I would offer to say that, to this great leader, I will be coming home to present you with a number of resolutions and honor. 
Rights Act reauthorized because he couldn’t vote then, but now, he stands as the longest serving police officer and one of great service. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I am grateful to congratulate the Army Chaplain Corps on their 240th birthday. 
29, 1775, by the Continental Congress, at the request of General George Washington, military chaplains have served with courage, honor, and selflessness. 
I am grateful that Fort Jackson, located in the Midlands of South Carolina, serves as a training facility for this distinct group of individuals who do so much to fulfill the religious needs of our men and women in uniform. 
It is home to the Chaplain Regimental Museum Association. This museum highlights those who have a shared desire to minister to soldiers and their families. I appreciate the president of the association, Chaplain Brigadier General Don Rutherford, and the board of directors for their dedicated service to our men and women in uniform. 
I know firsthand of chaplains’ extraordinary service to my and my son’s National Guard duty. I appreciate Army Colonel Steve Shugart, who was my son Alan’s roommate in Iraq. I am grateful to work with Air National Guard Chaplain Lieutenant Colonel Brian Bohlman, for his military family nonprofit foundation, Operation Thank You. 
Congratulations to the Army Chaplain Corps on their 240th birthday. Chaplains make a difference helping servicemembers and military families have a more fulfilling life. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
past 40 years, antichoice politicians have convinced Congress to maintain Hyde amendment language while pushing for restricting access even further. 
For four decades, the Hyde amendment has denied too many women their constitutional right to choose by prohibiting the use of Federal funds to pay 
for abortion services. The fact that this restriction discriminates against women with limited resources at the very time in which they need the support the most is unconscionable. 
majority restrict access to abortion services when the majority of Americans support a woman’s right to choose. It is time to change course. 
health coverage of these services for every woman, no matter how much she earns, how she is insured, or where she lives. 
RECOGNIZING UNITED STATES MARINE PRIVATE FIRST CLASS ATTILIO M. LUPACCHINI 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today in recognition of the life and service of United States Marine Private First Class Attilio M. Lupacchini, who was laid to rest with full military honors this morning. 
Yardley, Bucks County, in my district in Pennsylvania—was just 2 years out of high school, when, on December 9, 1950, he made the ultimate sacrifice for his Nation in the mountains of North Korea while on a mission to rescue a group of fellow marines. 
Lupacchini as a true fighting marine who was small in stature but enormously courageous. 
Lupacchini’s spirit has returned home and now rests among our Nation’s bravest at Arlington National Cemetery, forever providing a place of reflection and remembrance for generations of family members and grateful Americans. 
From the bottom of my heart, I express my gratitude to Attilio Lupacchini for his membership in the internal ranks of those who sacrificed at freedom’s altar. 
to the 1901 PanAmerican Exposition, which was held in western New York, were so astounded with the electric light powered by Niagara Falls that Buffalo became known across the world as The City of Light. 
Last week, The New York Times reported to the Nation Buffalo is back, due again to our investments in renewable energy. 
settlement that directed $279 million from local hydropower proceeds to redevelop Buffalo’s waterfront, a transformation that has attracted hundreds of millions of dollars in private investment. 
convinced Yahoo to locate its data and call center in Niagara County, again creating hundreds of jobs. 
has built 14 wind turbines along Lake Erie in Lackawanna, creating enough electricity to power 15,000 homes. Along the Buffalo River, the largest solar panel manufacturer in the Western Hemisphere is under construction, which will create 3,500 jobs in the solar industry. 
At the turn of the 20th century, Buffalo led on energy innovation and thrived because of it. By embracing its past, Buffalo has reclaimed its future. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, yesterday, a third Planned Parenthood video was released regarding the selling of aborted baby body parts and organs. 
The fact that this is going on is just 
vile. Our Constitution protects the right to life, and it is unforgiveable for any organization to engage in this kind of trafficking. 
Parenthood receives taxpayer dollars that ultimately help support these vile acts. 
I fully support the House investigation into Planned Parenthood, and I am proud to support legislation that would stop all Federal funding for Planned Parenthood until these investigations are over. 
should follow Texas’ lead and permanently defund Planned Parenthood. 
to do all I can to protect the lives of the unborn. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, July 30, marks the 50th anniversary of Lyndon Johnson’s signing of the Social Security Act Amendments of 1965 into law and of creating Medicare and Medicaid in order to meet the healthcare needs of seniors, individuals with disabilities, and working families. 
Medicare benefits, and 69 million Americans rely on the healthcare safety net that Medicaid provides. One in three American children receives his 
health insurance coverage through Medicaid. In Rhode Island’s First District, which I am proud to represent, more than 92,000 individuals receive Medicare benefits, and almost 100,000 receive Medicaid coverage. 
Mr. Speaker, health care is a necessity of life, and access to quality health care should be a right for everyone and never a privilege of the few. Over the last half century, Medicare and Medicaid have provided millions of Americans with access to quality, affordable health care. It is critical that we strengthen these essential programs, enhance benefits, and make sure that all Americans can live with healthcare security and dignity. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Washington Post reports that the President knew of two secret side deals in the agreement with Iran but failed to inform Congress. More troubling, The Washington Post reports that, while the President and the Secretary of State know the agreements exist, neither has seen them. 
Iran and the U.N.’s International Atomic Energy Agency, govern the inspections of Iran’s nuclear facilities. In its article, The Washington Post quotes the Deputy Director of the U.N. agency as saying, ‘‘No American is ever going to get to see them,’’ in speaking of these side agreements. 
deal with Iran with a gentlemanly handshake, so the linchpin to any agreement is inspections. Why on Earth would the President make an agreement that includes secret deals between Iran and the U.N. agency which is doing the inspections that no American, including him, will ever see? 
It is beyond my comprehension. Congress needs to reject this bad deal. 
Sunday marked the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
This historic piece of legislation prohibits discrimination against those with disabilities, giving them greater access and protections; but the ADA does more than just open doors—it recognizes every individual’s ability to succeed. 
Yesterday, I met with Sarah Goldman, a young woman with cerebral palsy who is earning her master’s degree at Florida State University. She visited my office to advocate on behalf of ADA protections. As Sarah said, we 
have made great progress in the last 25 years, but there is still so much more work to be done. 
words and continue the fight to make sure all Americans are empowered to achieve their own American dreams. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to bid farewell and good luck to Josh Zarka, who for the past 4 years has been the Minister for Congressional Affairs at the Embassy of Israel here in Washington, D.C. 
distinguished career with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, representing the Jewish State in Israel and, indeed, around the world. 
has been a major influence in strengthening the U.S.Israel relationship; and there is no doubt that his tireless work to promote and strengthen the ties between our two countries has contributed greatly to the safety and security of Israel, of its citizens, and of us here in the United States. 
he has done here; yet I know that what he values the most is his family—his wife, Esther, and their four children. I wish Josh and his family much success, especially as they prepare for his daughter, Adi’s, upcoming wedding. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, 50 years ago, hundreds of courageous, unarmed men and women marched from Selma to Montgomery to call for the right to vote. They were met with violence, prejudice, and hate; but these brave men and women continued their push for equality. Because of their sacrifice and determination, the historic Voting Rights Act was passed. 
Act was one of our best tools to combat historic discrimination. It provided critical voter protections to ensure that Americans of all backgrounds had equal access to the ballot box; but with the Supreme Court’s Shelby County decision 2 years ago, key provisions were gutted from this act that must be restored. 
As we commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, I urge my Republican colleagues to restore dignity to our electoral process and ensure that this is a democracy of 
to vote on meaningful legislation to restore the Voting Rights Act. 
(Mr. BOST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize an everyday hero from southern Illinois today—U.S. mail carrier Don Fix, who has worked his route in Belleville, Illinois, for over 20 years. 
wrong when he noticed mail piled high at a home in Swansea. Don knew both residents were elderly and had difficulty getting around, so he checked around to the back door and called out their names. He heard Mr. David Nelson yell back that he and his wife had fallen. Don immediately called the paramedics, who arrived on the scene and took the couple to the hospital. 
action as he is more than just a neighborhood mailman. Don delivers more than just the mail to the residents he cares about—he also delivers compassion. 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, in Connecticut, we know all too well the devastation caused by gun violence. We will never stop mourning the lives of the 26 people who were ripped from us by the horrific shootings in Newtown, but just as tragic are the deaths that don’t make national headlines. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a serious problem with gun violence in this country from which no person, no community is protected. This year alone, in the capital city of Hartford, gun violence has claimed 19 lives. Yet, today, this House is scheduled to adjourn for the next 5 weeks, refusing to bring this urgent public health matter to the House floor, refusing to address gun violence, which is hurting America. 
across the aisle to propose a bipartisan bill to expand background checks to all commercial gun sales—legislation that, if enacted, would have prevented several of the most recent mass shootings. 
spend August thinking about the 30,000 Americans we lose each year to gun violence and to bring this urgent matter to the full House for a vote when we reconvene in September. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to discuss a simple solution to a straightforward problem. 
military, one of my constituents received a bill for $1,500 for an alleged overpayment by the Department of Defense. This is more than a decade later, and the first she is hearing about it is in a letter, demanding payment. Moreover, the servicemember is expected to track down and find whatever receipts or documents may be relevant from 11 years ago. 
happening to veterans across this Nation. Often, these bills are the result of DOD accounting or system errors. Certainly, if there were an error, whether it be the fault of the servicemember or of the DOD, steps should be taken to remedy that; but the government should not wait a decade before sending the first letter. 
would place a statute of limitations on DOD’s authority to initiate the collection process. This does not prevent the DOD from collecting debts; it simply says it must do it in a timely fashion. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the SOLDIER Act. 
we return from our recess, we need to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. ExIm has helped Nebraska businesses grow and export U.S.made products overseas. In fact, last year, my district exported over $60 million of Nebraska manufactured goods all over the world. Growing U.S. exports mean growing jobs at home. 
and pass a longterm transportation bill. According to a recent report, nearly a quarter of Nebraska’s bridges are structurally unsound. Beyond safety, investments in infrastructure can create immediate jobs and longterm economic growth. 
comprehensive immigration reform bill. This would pull hardworking people out of the shadows, work to attract the best, talented people across the globe, and make our businesses more competitive in the world economy. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
here profoundly disappointed that the House will leave town today without taking a vote on my legislation to defund Planned Parenthood. Over the past 2 weeks, we have all 
seen the gruesome videos showing the heartless depravity of this organization. We have issued statements; we have made passionate floor speeches; and we have pledged action. Now our constituents would like to know when we are going to follow through on that promise. 
Dietrich Bonhoeffer: ‘‘Silence in the face of evil is itself evil. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we have a moral obligation to defund Planned Parenthood, and we must do it now—not when politicians and pundits think it is most politically expedient. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in recognition of the upcoming 50th anniversary of the signing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
forward 50 years ago when, on August 6, 1965, President Johnson signed into law this landmark legislation. It was a moment that brave men and women, like our colleague JOHN LEWIS, 
marched for and were willing to die for as they dared to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama. 
Unfortunately, 2 years ago, the Supreme Court struck down section 4, and preclearance and Federal protections for vulnerable communities went away. When the Supreme Court struck down section 4, it did not say that protections were not needed. Rather, it issued a challenge to us here in this House to come up with a modern day formula. I see that as a challenge for all of us in this great House—to come up with a modern day formula to provide protections for vulnerable communities. 
On this 50th anniversary of the landmark Voting Rights Act, let us answer this call to action. It is a call worthy of all of our attention. On this recess, let us remark about how wonderful it was that we all came together on March 7, 1965, in order to do what was right. I ask all of you to please consider restoring the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It is important for all Americans. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the upcoming Sturgis motorcycle rally, which will be celebrating its 75th anniversary this year in Sturgis, South Dakota. 
of thousands from across the United States and, indeed, around the globe. 
using their motorcycles to go to the store, go to work, or just go for a ride. 
our Nation. Motorcyclists ease road congestion, reduce overall fuel consumption, and decrease wear and tear on our Nation’s infrastructure. 
Motorcycle Caucus, I offer my best wishes to the attendees of this year’s event. Here is to good weather and safe travels while celebrating the freedom to ride. 
today to discuss and raise the dire situation of religious minorities in Bangladesh. 
There are many concerns about the stability of the country, particularly since flawed elections were held last year and the political violence that has ensued. 
issues of religious freedom and, specifically, attacks against the minority Hindus, Christians, Buddhists, and others in Bangladesh. 
against minorities go unpunished. It is up to the Government of Bangladesh to take action to stop those who incite and commit violence and to protect the rights of these minorities. 
calling on the Government of Bangladesh to protect human rights of all its citizens, particularly its vulnerable minorities, strengthen democratic institutions and rule of law, and prevent the growth of extremist groups. 
resolution to help protect the religious freedoms of all people in Bangladesh. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today, as did my colleague, the gentleman from South Carolina, to note that today marks the 240th birthday of the military Chaplain Corps, which was originally founded by the Continental Congress. 
women who serve the spiritual needs of those in uniform. The military chaplains who serve and have served bravely go with their fellow soldiers into combat theaters not to fight, but to fill the role of pastor, counselor, and listener for our armed services. 
Military chaplains are held in especially high regard within my own office, with Arkansas National Guard 
Captain David Wittee serving as an Army chaplain in addition to serving as my military affairs liaison and a field representative in the Fourth District of Arkansas. 
all military chaplains, both current and past, for their service to their fellow soldiers and for their service to our Nation. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this Confederate flag, which is a symbol of systemic oppression and racial subjugation, was recently lowered in the State of South Carolina. 
so many inequities in our country, is still flying high in a figurative sense over our country. 
down the heart of the Voting Rights Act, it signaled that African American voting rights would no longer be protected. 
taxes, literacy tests, and blatant discrimination was no longer taking place, the Supreme Court symbolically raised this flag when it gutted the Voting Rights Act. 
from the halls of South Carolina, it is time that we lower this flag from its perch over the voting rights of African Americans by passing the legislation in the U.S. Congress to restore the Voting Rights Act. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
IRS targeted, intimidated, and harassed many Americans because of their political philosophy. The people are still waiting for answers about why their government is engaged in this Sovietstyle behavior. 
Now we learn that the IRS purposely used an internal messaging system—an office communication server—on the sly. They opted not to archive these messages and kept them secret from the eyes of the citizens and Congress. In one email Lois Lerner apparently was told the messaging system was not archived. Her response? ‘‘Perfect.’’ 
There is a pattern here. The Secretary of State was conducting official business on her own untraceable secret email server, and the taxman used its own ‘‘go dark system’’ to evade transparency. It is just 
another day with the ‘‘most transparent administration in history.’’ 
know and get answers to all these scandals. After years of stonewalling, it is painfully obvious that this administration will not investigate this administration. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to recognize the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid. 
signed Medicare and Medicaid into law, he proclaimed that: 
denied the healing miracle of modern medicine. No longer will illness crush and destroy the savings that they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dignity in their later years. No longer will young families see their own incomes and their own hopes eaten away simply because they are carrying out their deep moral obligations to their parents.’’ 
promises by protecting and expanding Medicare and Medicaid. Together, these two programs provide health coverage for our Nation’s seniors, people with disabilities, and moms and families. We must ensure that these programs are here for now and for future generations. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
time in Congress, if someone had told me that I would spend 90 percent of my time fighting executive regulatory overreach, nobody would have believed me, but it is the truth. 
out how out of control the overreach of this administration truly is. With rules such as the Waters of the United States and the Clean Power Plan from EPA, this administration continues to trample on the rights of our citizens and States while hurting our economy along the way. 
That is why I was pleased to cosponsor and vote for the REINS Act. This important legislation requires Congress to have 70 legislative days to review any rules with an economic impact over $100 million and ensures Congress has oversight before any major rule goes to the President for a signature. 
rules, we can restore accountability and the power of legislating to the legislative branch. 
for passing this important legislation and call on those in the Senate to take swift action to reduce regulatory overreach. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, on August 6, we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
Mr. Speaker, this landmark law codified protections to guarantee every American’s right to vote. For the past five decades, the Voting Rights Act has broken down barriers that discouraged or outright prohibited citizens from voting. 
electoral system that increasingly reflected the diversity of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, the right to vote is central to who we are as Americans and to our democracy. 
civil rights is unfortunately being threatened today. In too many places across the country, we have seen new measures that create barriers that make it harder to register or vote. 
On this 50th anniversary, we must redouble our commitment to strengthening the Voting Rights Act. We can start by restoring the Voting Rights Act to ensure that the rights of all Americans that go to the ballot box and cast a ballot are protected. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the ‘‘Father of Swimming,’’ Adolph Kiefer, from Wadsworth, Illinois. 
meter gold medal winner at the 1936 Berlin Olympics. In addition to earning 17 world records, Adolph was the first man in the world to swim the 100yard backstroke in under a minute and invented a flip turn, still used today. 
In 1947, Adolph founded his own company, inventing the first plastic kickboard and the first nylon swimsuit. Yet, he has considered teaching others his greatest success. 
shocked to learn many of his comrades couldn’t swim. He designed a program to teach millions of recruits what he dubbed the victory backstroke. 
served the Red Cross for 25 years, coordinating the learntoswim campaign for Chicago and overseeing lessons for thousands of children. 
birthday and still swims every day. I have submitted a letter of support 
for Mr. Kiefer for the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I urge our country to honor a great man from Illinois’ 14th Congressional District. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
upset that the House is heading to August recess today with so much unfinished work in front of us. 
We could be working to find a transportation bill that both we and the Senate can agree on, a bill that would begin to fix our broken roads, bridges, and highways. My district, the Virgin Islands, has been hit by nearly 6 years of substantially reduced Federal highway funding. 
We could be working on an appropriations bill to fund important work for this country. In my district, the Virgin Islands, the Interior Appropriations bill is vitally important. 
children in our schools. Right now the schools are not structurally sound and are decaying. In fact, a new school hasn’t been built in my home district on the island of St. Croix or St. Thomas in the last two decades. 
working on a Voting Rights Act. The ability and ease of access to voting must be expanded, not restricted. It must also be further expanded to include the 4 million Americans who do not have the right to vote for their President simply because they live in a territory. 
country, they fight for their country, but they are excluded from the most basic democratic function. 
a myriad of other things, but, instead, we are leaving with these matters unattended. This is an embarrassment to this body and must not happen again. 
OF H.R. 1994, VA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3236, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND VETERANS HEALTH CARE CHOICE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 388 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs now printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), my friend, 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, we are 
here at the end of the work that we have done before our break home for the August recess, where we will have an opportunity to go back to the American people and talk with them as they are in our homes, our cities, our neighborhoods, our schools, our firehouses, and our places of worship; and we will have a chance to meet and talk with them about the great work that Republicans have achieved and done up here in Washington, D.C., during this first half of the year. 
today, as we are preparing to leave to go back home for our district work session, that we are going to be presenting several bills on the floor that are done to try and move forward not only thoughts and ideas that we have for the House of Representatives but, really, to work in the spirit of things with the other body, the United States Senate, so that we can make sure that the American people, their vision, their needs are before the American people. That is why I am here today. 
people were shocked, once again, by the news that dozens of our Nation’s veterans were left to die while they waited for medical care in the VA. The VA hospital, which is located in so many of our communities around this great Nation, has simply not performed well and, in several instances, has had shocking results. That is also why we are here today. 
In response, Congress passed something called the Choice Act, which makes it easier to remove senior executives at the VA who had underperformed, who have not done their job properly on behalf of not just the taxpayers of this country, but on behalf of a grateful Nation who is serving the men and women who have given their very best years and lives to this country through their service to the United States military. 
cannot make wise choices and decisions at the VA was the right thing to do. We were trying to put the President, his administration, the Secretary, and senior managers at the VA not only on notice that we would not tolerate bad behavior, poor decisions, and ineffective management, but that we were going to do something about it. By the way, we felt like they were underperforming to a deserving crowd, and that is our veterans. 
too. The bill was signed into law. We got that done last year, the Choice Act. It was a good decision by this body when we faced the times where we recognized in not only a public way, but in 
an outpouring of support from veterans who said this has to change. The Republican Congress did just that. 
Veterans’ Affairs from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) very quickly and clearly went 
and did an investigation on a bipartisan basis, looked at the VA, and made these decisions. That was what we did a year ago. 
have been fired for their role in what is now known as the waiting list scandal. What is this waiting list scandal? The waiting list scandal is a way by which the VA denied veterans an opportunity to come and get the health care that they needed by stringing them out and then deceiving others—including themselves in the VA—about what the waiting times were. They deceived not only these people who were given these long dates; they deceived the management. They also deceived the United States Congress. 
find out. Well, we did find out. This meant that the deaths that were covered up, the veterans that were neglected, and the statistics that were provided to us and others were altered. 
longer and longer and longer for everyone. No doubt, we gave the administration the tools that they asked for that they agree with. Only two people have been fired. 
what we did by giving them the authority and the responsibility. We expected them to clean it up. I look to not only our chairman, JEFF MILLER , but we 
look to the VA also to stand up and say they disagreed with that. Not much has happened—certainly not enough. 
We are back here again. Poor performances and bad actors still continue to undermine the VA. They continue to undermine not only the scheduling, they undermine the service; they undermine the quality that should be available to our veterans. As a result of this, the ability that we think we are providing to our veterans is diminished. The care for our veterans, wounded and sick veterans, continues to lag. 
stayed at the table. He has stayed working on this issue on a bipartisan basis with the members of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs by knowing what is happening all across this country, learning more about not just the facts of the case, but the stories that come from the veterans themselves, the stories that may come from people who are inside the VA. They are important to us learning what is really happening. 
documented history of failing to hold employees accountable, we are back here today with another bill. That is right, another bill that we are going to handle on the floor by this Republican House with Democrats on a bipartisan 
basis, to make it easier to remove or demote employees who do not do their job and who need to be out of that organization. 
We are going to give this organization exactly what they are asking for again. We are going to give the VA and their new Veterans Secretary the ability to clean up their mess. We are trying our best to hold them accountable yet, at the same time, expect them to do the right thing. 
chairman say he has confidence in the Secretary; he has confidence that the Secretary can adjust and make these changes, but the law needs to be updated and changed. 
give the VA the tools that they need— just like when I was a manager in the private sector, I needed the tools to run my organization properly and effectively—the ability to move employees that were not doing their job—perhaps it is a bad fit—or to get rid of employees or even fire them if they are not only not performing their job, but deceptively trying to harm patients in the process. 
clear message to employees of the VA, and we intend to do that today. We are going to send a very clear message to them that they either perform properly or, if they are harming our effort to help our veterans, it is time for them to leave. If they are not up to doing the task very well, this Department will be given the opportunity, the law, and the leverage to do just that. 
This bill would send another important signal also. If you choose to demonstrate the moral courage necessary to stand up for veterans and to blow the whistle on those who are not, we want to make sure that you are protected, that you can come forth inside your own organization of the VA to report and root out bad behavior. We must fix this. 
testimony yesterday revealed that these VA facilities in location after location after location around this country are deathtraps for our veterans. 
go to seek help, they know it is a deathtrap; and that is why we need to also address this, for the safety of men and women who have protected this great Nation. 
we can today—that supervisors at the VA cannot retaliate against whistleblowers. 
If there is somebody in the organization who is willing to tell the truth and come forward, you cannot retaliate against them because they are going to tell the truth about the poor service and responsibility toward aiding our veterans. It will not be tolerated. 
an equal opportunity today to say that is the right thing to do because this is what the Secretary is asking for. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve to know that, when our veterans are treated poorly, this bill would help them; when our VA employees understand that somebody who was going to turn a blind eye before now, we will no longer do that. 
We are going to give the VA the tools 
to root out the problems, to make this better, so that we can honestly look at our men and women and say: Thank you for your service; this grateful Nation does care about you. 
cultural changes at the VA. It is time to remove the bureaucrats who will make excuses, who will hide things, and who will make circumstances dangerous and worse for our veterans. 
accountable when the VA underperforms, and that is why I am joining the American Legion, the VFW, and other veterans associations in supporting H.R. 1994. That is what the testimony revealed yesterday at the Committee on Rules when we heard from not only the chairman of the committee, but others about the importance of this bill. 
This rule would also provide for debate for H.R. 3236, the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015. We have two specific purposes that we are here for: first, for the VA; and, second, to make sure that we authorize an extension for the Federal surface transportation program through October 29. 
that our young chairman, BILLSHUSTER , of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has been working and working and working. We indicated last year in November and, again, in December that we would allow an extension to this date from last year; and Chairman SHUSTER said 
he thought he could have a deal by now. 
States Senate is debating that this week. They are going through a weeklong process to determine what they would like their transportation bill to be like. The bottom line is a thousandpage bill that has not yet passed, that we do not know the substance of, and we are not going to agree with sight unseen. 
has asked that we offer a very polite and reasonable option, and that is give us an opportunity to review this. They have done the hard work, the United States Senate. We will do the same, and we will get that done by October 29. 
would keep the VA from closing hospitals across this country. 
what this rule and the underlying legislation is all about. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield 
the rule and the underlying bills, H.R. 3236, the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act, and H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act. 
that covers multiple bills on wildly different subjects—in this case, transportation and veterans care—in one bill; and yet we have a closed rule that is pushing through a lastminute deal that kicks the can down the road yet again on highway reauthorization when there is reason to believe that, if we simply stayed in town and worked another week, we might be able to work with the Senate to get to an end point with regard to a longterm reauthorization. 
The closed rule here limits the discussion of alternatives on the issue of transportation funding. Even worse, the bill has two entirely unrelated aspects. I have never heard of a crazier name than the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act. 
body over the last several years. Republican leadership has moved towards doing more and more omnibuses and minibuses. That means combining disparate bills—transportation, veterans—into one bill, which isn’t healthy for the accountability of this body among the electorate. 
If you vote against this bill, for instance, because you don’t like the transportation provisions, does that mean you are against veterans? If you don’t like the veterans provisions and you vote against this bill, does that mean you are against transportation? How easy it would be to simply have two votes on each of these bills so Members on both sides of the aisle can vote their conscience and our constituents can hold us accountable. 
VA the authority to transfer $3.3 billion for healthcare services. There is strong agreement on both sides. We could run the bill through on suspension. We wouldn’t even need to open it up for a rule. It would pass with more than a twothirds vote. But there are problematic additions attached to that part of the bill. It is also combined with yet another temporary fix for our Nation’s highway system, instead of trying to stay in town another week and work on a more permanent fix to help meet the needs of the transportation arteries of our country. 
of our Nation’s major roads and bridges are rated poor or mediocre. Fortyfive percent of Americans don’t have access to public transit. Congestion produced by our legislative failures here wastes valuable time and money and detracts from the growth of the American economy. It is estimated Americans will lose 8.4 billion hours and 4.45 billion gallons of gas over a decade. That means the average consumer is wasting 
$800 a year and 5 full days of their life away from their kids, away from their family, simply sitting in traffic. Mr. Speaker, that is unacceptable. 
traffic. If you have been to Fort Collins, one of the largest cities in my district and home to one of our great universities, you will find that on highway 25 my constituents endure gridlocked traffic at rush hour, doubling or tripling their commuting times. 
speed rail along highway 70 and highway 36 have been given completion dates of decades from now—60 years, in some cases. Try to imagine being told your doctor wants to slowly break down blockages in your arteries over a period of 60 years. You won’t make it that far. 
Our communities need to do something about traffic now. Tourism and commerce are the lifeblood of Fort Collins, Boulder, and our mountain communities like Vail, Frisco, and Breckenridge. For these towns to survive and thrive, we need to tackle our transportation funding needs headon. 
hear a lot about the ExportImport Bank, the one item that somehow, with this grab bag that includes veterans and transportation, there is a strong bipartisan majority for reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank. In fact, 67 Senators in the Republicanled Senate voted to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank, and yet somehow that item didn’t make the grab bag. 
most important items is it will result concretely in the loss of tens of thousands of American jobs and make American companies less competitive for exports at a time when global competitiveness and the global economy is more important than ever, which was left out of this grab bag of bills. 
the ExportImport Bank. In a perfect world, I would agree with my colleagues who argue we shouldn’t need to do this kind of effective subsidy for exporters; but if other countries are doing it and it is permissible under WTO and trade rules, we would truly be idiots to unilaterally disarm and not engage in a legal practice that facilitates the credit of American exporting businesses. Effectively, it would lead to the exporting of more jobs overseas and making American companies less competitive in selling their products. 
So, by all means, let’s have the discussion around multilateral adjustments to the type of credit facilities that countries can engage in with exporting countries, but let’s not look at unilateral disarmament that makes America less competitive and destroys jobs. 
it would be, my colleagues would indicate, to simply get this done before we leave. Isn’t it worth another week of our time to save tens of thousands of American jobs? 
the VA Accountability Act, one of the main problems with it is it would create a culture of fear that would imperil the services our veterans need and deserve. 
The tragedy in the Phoenix VA system is an example. It became known because of a few courageous whistleblowers. Had this legislation been in place, this tragedy could have been swept under the rug for many more years. 
whistleblower protections, the VA hospital debacle in my State of Colorado, in Aurora, could have even been a worse situation, if you can imagine that. 
whistleblowers, it is also unconstitutional. Supreme Court case law has clearly outlined the due process that employees have before their jobs are taken away. This bill turns its back on due process and allows any VA employee to be fired on the spot for retribution. 
legislation is far below the constitutional requirements, which is why the President has promised to veto this bill. All this bill is attempting to do is destroy the whistleblower and professional civil service system and, thus, the livelihood of thousands and the quality of service to our veterans. 
VA to do their job through appropriate legislation which creates true accountability, which this bill fails to achieve, or discuss how we might reform the dollars we allocate to the VA to best serve our veterans, however possible. 
by my colleague, Mr. TAKANO of California, that would retain due process but allows the VA to immediately fire any employee who poses a health or safety risk to veterans. Additionally, it prevents employees from staying on paid administrative leave—even being bounced around the VA—by limiting the time to 2 weeks, a similarity to one of the positive aspects of the bill before us today. 
Mr. TAKANO ’s legislation, for example, would have allowed the VA to immediately fire those responsible for the Phoenix scandal and kept in place the whistleblower protections that allowed us to find out about the Phoenix scandal. 
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I oppose the rule and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
We work very well together. But I think it is a misstatement to say that this bill would allow people to be fired on the spot at the VA. That is certainly, I don’t believe, true at all. I believe it would have to be with cause, and the VA would have to have a reason. There is nothing in this legislation 
where we would empower people to do things that would not follow proper Federal law nor established rules of procedure for the employee to have the proper amount of protection. But what is stated and understood is, where an employee has been underperforming, misperforming, or has violated their oath of office, where they have a diligence to people under their care or where they have done intentional deeds and then tried to cover it up, that would be cause, and that is what this is about. 
the spot. I think it would be a misstatement to try and characterize this important legislation that has been well thought through, as well as worked out with the VA, as being from that perspective. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat 
the previous question, I will offer an amendment to allow the House to vote on reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank, as proposed by Mr. FINCHER yesterday. It is the same exact language that passed the Senate by a vote of 67– 29. 
Bank allows American businesses to compete in global markets and supports hundreds of thousands of jobs. 
is our last day in session before we leave for 5 or 6 weeks. We then will have 13 days before the end of the fiscal year. We have a number of things that the American public expects us to do that enjoys almost universal support on this floor, one of which enjoys a significant majority of support on this floor. 
Mr. Speaker, let me quote the Speaker of this House, JOHN BOEHNER . 
‘‘Above all else,’’ he said as he assumed the Speakership, ‘‘we will welcome the battle of ideas, encourage it, engage in it—openly, honestly, and respectfully.’’ 
say, ‘‘closest to the people, the House works best when it is allowed to work its will.’’ He then said, ‘‘I ask all Members of this body to join me in recognizing this common truth.’’ Al Gore, the former VicePresident of the United States, would observe, however, that is an inconvenient truth. 
the chairman of the Financial Services Committee, representing the minority of this House, is opposed to the Export Import Bank. He has been opposed to it since we adopted it in 2012, with an overwhelming majority of votes from both sides of the aisle—as a matter of fact, a unanimous vote from the Democratic side of the aisle and over 140 Members from the Republican side of the aisle—just 3 years ago. This rule makes in order, as the gentleman noticed, two bills, one of which I vigorously oppose but won’t spend a lot of time on. While the gentleman is probably correct that it is not immediate firing, it is a substantial undermining of the Civil Service Act adopted so that we would not have a patronage, politically ridden system, but a civil service system based on merit. 
This bill then makes in order an extension of the highway bill, which certainly we ought to do. It is somewhat ironic that we say it is a 3month extension. We passed a 5month extension. I voted for the 5month extension. Everybody ought to know that we fund it for 5 months, of course. We call it a 3month extension. I hope that will satisfy Senator MCCONNELL so that he can 
that we will make sure our veterans hospitals and medical care stays in operation. Both of those could have been passed on this House floor by unanimous consent. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. We now leave for another month the 
ExportImport Bank, which is responsible for the creation and retaining of jobs in America. 
but the Speaker has said, again, that the failure to pass this bill is losing jobs right now. And yet my Republican friends, in tipping their hat to the chairman of the Financial Services Committee, say we are not going to consider that, as they did last month in July. I know we haven’t gotten out of July yet, but we will go through August, and then we will go through September. 
bill will be brought to the floor in some form or another in September, but it will have cost us jobs and competitiveness overseas with the 60 countries that have an exportimport bank that are making sure that the purchases of their goods made in their countries are cheaper than the goods sold in our country. That costs American jobs. 
ought to do what the Speaker of the House said we ought to do; treat one another with respect, and let the House work its will. 
260, maybe 270 votes. You only need 218 to pass the ExportImport Bank on this floor. 
on this floor who will say: Mr. HOYER , 
floor who is going to suggest that the will of this House, as represented by a majority that would vote on this bill, would not be for extending the Export Import Bank, saving American jobs, making sure that America is competitive in the international markets. 
My colleagues, reject this rule. Exercise our responsibility to the American people and to American workers, and let’s pass the ExportImport Bank today before we go home. 
gentleman for not only his words and the spirit of what he said, but I want him to know that, several years ago, as he approached me as I became chairman of the Rules Committee, I assured the gentleman that I would do my very best, within my ability, and he has done also, as well as his team that also sits at the Rules Committee. 
gentleman because part of what our job is, yes, to represent our Speaker and the things that are done, but also to make sure the spirit in which we do it is done properly, and I appreciate the 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), a member of the 
Oversight and Government Reform committee and a former member of the Rules Committee. 
things a proud and confident and responsible nation will do—no matter how challenging—are, one, to invest in its future and, two, to care for its veterans. This bill pretends to do both. Actually, it does neither. 
life support for another shortterm extension. It used to be 5 months. Now, it is going to be 3 months. 
Yes, it will allow the VA to make internal fund transfers to keep our hospitals open through September, but once again, in another act of serial irresponsibility, Congress is ignoring its duty to do its job of passing a long term transportation bill. 
in suspension. It recklessly adds unnecessary construction costs to our taxpayers and lets potholes get deeper and bridges more dangerous. We need a longterm transportation bill—6 years, not 3 months. 
obligations to provide for the health care of our veterans through internal fund transfers? Our veterans and our VA need a fully funded budget. It needs funds, not fund transfers. 
10 percent, but the budget is only up 2.8 percent, shackled by mindless and destructive sequester caps. We should end them. 
to address problems; it is designed to deny they exist. Mr. Speaker, this bill is not an example of Congress doing its job; it is yet another example of Congress evading 
I will vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
me thank the gentleman from Colorado, and let me thank my good friend from Texas as well. Let me use a great philosopher’s statement of a couple of decades ago: ‘‘Can we all get along?’’ 
Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 that is now with the rule before us, it is obvious that we are trying to take a divergent pathway. 
Congress to go down in front of my veterans hospital to stand and to demand quality health care for our veterans, to ask that the system be fixed. I take no backseat, along with other Members, to ensuring that our veterans get what they need, and stand in line to make sure that they are not defaulted on by the American people. 
rights of whistleblowers who have been key to drawing attention to any manipulation or coverups taking place. They are bringing back to the floor this bill, calling it an accountability bill; but, in essence, it is to go after hardworking employees and fire them and eliminating their opportunity to explain or to have due process. That is not the American way. 
In fact, it takes away consistent, long working employers who see something and say something, and so I am voting ‘‘no’’ on the bill and this rule. 
a wonderful opportunity to do a 6year bill, to look for payfors that Members could bring together and support; yet my metro, the Houston metro, will be suffering. Our highways and other surface transportation entities, safety will be suffering. Employees will not be paid. 
opportunity. I remember doing a 6year transportation bill, where I opened up the hike and bike trails of my community in Houston. 
say that a highway bill, 6 years, or a surface transportation bill for 6 years is a bipartisan American way to do things. 
Why don’t we do that for the American people and do it now? Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
Homeland Security, I rise to speak on H.R. 3236, Surface Transportation and Veterans 
Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015,’’ which reauthorizes federalaid highway and transit programs for three months— through October 29, 2015—by transferring $8.1 billion from other federal funds to the Highway Trust Fund to cover projected trust fund shortfalls over that time period. 
The bill also allows the Veterans Affairs Department (VA) to use $3.4 billion provided last year for the Veterans Choice health care program to pay for care provided since May 1 to veteran patients by nonVA providers under VA Care in the Community programs. 
The bill also is intended to give the VA the 
funding flexibility needed to prevent the possible closure of some VA hospitals in coming weeks. 
Mr. Speaker, instead of this 90day temporary extension, I would have strongly preferred that we were debating a comprehensive, fair, equitable, and longterm transportation reauthorization bill the nation desperately needs. We have had two years to do so. 
President, but apparently our friends across the aisle do not since they have spent the last two years wasting time on advocating policies wanted by no one except for the rightwing extremists of the Tea Party. 
temporary measure because as the Department of Transportation has reported, if we do not act now highway trust fund balances by the beginning of August will reach dangerously low levels and result in a reduction of payments to states by an average of 28 percent. 
or delay planned construction projects, threatening 700,000 thousands of jobs, including 106,100 jobs in my home state of Texas. 
created in 1956 during the Eisenhower Administration to help finance construction of the Interstate Highway System, which modernized the nation’s transportation infrastructure and was instrumental in making the United States the world’s dominant economic power for two generations. 
investing in our roads and bridges strengthened our economy, created millions of good paying jobs, and improved the quality of life for all Americans. 
that fund federalaid highway and transit projects built by states. Federal funding from the trust fund accounts for a major portion of state transportation spending. 
The Highway Trust Fund is financed by gasoline and diesel taxes, which until the last decade produced a steady increase in revenues sufficient to accommodate increased levels of spending on highway and transit projects. 
federal tax on gasoline and a 24.4 cents/gallon tax on diesel fuel—have remained unchanged since 1993 and were not indexed to inflation so the value of those revenues has eroded over the years, and, combined with the fact that vehicles have been getting increasingly better mileage, the revenues deposited into the Highway Trust Fund beginning last decade have not kept pace with highway and transit spending from the trust fund. 
to pay for authorized highway and transit spending levels and avoid a funding shortfall. 
The total amount to date is more than $54 
Obviously, this practice is economically inefficient and injects uncertainty in the highway construction plans, projects, and schedules of state and local transportation agencies, not to mention the anxiety it causes to workers and businesses whose economic livelihood is dependent on those projects. 
Mr. Speaker, the last transportation authorized by Congress for 4 years or more, SAFETEA–LU, expired on September 30, 2009, at the end of FY 2009. 
could not agree to a new reauthorization, it was necessary to resort to stopgap temporary extensions on no less than eight occasions spanning a period of 910 days before Congress finally enacted the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act’’ (MAP–21 Act) on July 6, 2012, which reauthorized highway and transportation programs through Fiscal Year 2014, a little more than two years, or until September 30, 2014. 
measure to give Congress and the Administration breathing room to reach agreement on a longterm reauthorization bill. 
the Ways and Means Committee, has often pointed out, since gaining the majority in 2010, our Republican colleagues have failed to take any action to sustain the Highway Trust Fund over the longterm and shore up vital infrastructure projects and has not held even a single hearing on financing options for the Highway Trust Fund. 
the nation’s time voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act at least 59 times, waging a War on Women, pursuing partisan investigations into Benghazi, the IRS, and the trying to overturn President Obama’s executive actions that make our immigration enforcement laws less inhumane. 
Instead of doing their job, House Republicans big new idea is to attack the President for doing his job. 
Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for this 
Congress, and especially the House majority, to focus on the real problems and challenges facing the American people. 
is ensuring that America has a transportation policy and the infrastructure needed to compete and win in the global economy of the 21st Century. 
To do that we have to extend the reauthorization of current transportation programs and to authorize the transfer of the funds to the Highway Trust Fund needed to fund authorized construction projects and keep 700,000 workers, including 106,100 in Texas on the job. 
But that is only a start and just a part of our 
The real work that needs to be done in the 
remaining days of this Congress is to reach an agreement on a longterm highway and transportation bill that is fair, equitable, fiscally responsible, creates jobs and leads to sustained economic growth. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the 
ranking member of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises. 
York. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, 64 Senators voted to renew the Export Import Bank’s charter, which expired on June 30. More than 240 Members are on record supporting the Bank, and according to The Wall Street Journal, there are many more. 
As I quote, ‘‘some Republicans estimated that as many as 300 of the 434 current House Members’’ would support a measure similar to the one that passed the Senate; yet despite this overwhelming support, we have been denied a vote on the House of Representatives to renew the ExportImport Bank. 
over $27 billion in U.S. exports. It supported thousands of small businesses and about 164,000 jobs across our country. Since 2009, the Bank has supported over 1.3 million jobs. The Bank does all of this at no cost—no cost—to the American taxpayer. In fact, the ExIm Bank sent over $675 million to the Treasury last year—actual dollars—to help pay down the deficit. 
just last week, using accounting standards, reauthorizing the ExIm would save taxpayers $2.3 billion over the next 5 years; yet American companies have been disadvantaged. They have been unilaterally disadvantaged of having the export assistance that over 60 different nations are providing their exportimport banks. 
Only 1 of the top 10 exporting countries in the world does not have an export credit agency now that can finance export deals—just one—and that is the United States of America. That is because this Congress failed to do what every other Congress has done since FDR, and that is to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
‘‘no’’ on the rule. Let’s bring it to the floor today for a vote. 
managed to shut the U.S. ExportImport Bank for the most of the summer by arguing it rewards politically connected corporate giants. 
burden of the agency’s shutdown for now will hit small businesses that lack the resources of industrial titans such as Boeing Co. and General Electric Co. 
going to be hurt first and the most,’’ said Rep. Denny Heck (D., Wash.), a proponent of reauthorizing the bank’s charter. 
The ExIm Bank, a federal agency that finances exports, stopped accepting new loans at the beginning of July after Congress allowed its charter to expire. While a majority of lawmakers in Congress support reauthorizing the 81yearold agency in some form, conservative Republicans who control key leadership positions have so far prevented a vote in the House of Representatives. 
Supporters had pinned their hopes on reopening the bank as part of a bill extending highway funding that expires Friday. But House and Senate leaders have had trouble agreeing on that transportation measure before their annual August recess that begins this week, which means they are likely to leave Washington without addressing the Ex Im Bank. 
support in recent weeks by highlighting the potential for lost sales at small businesses, a group that is both politically sympathetic and close to lawmakers in almost every congressional district. 
Congress to reauthorize the agency, and most of the bank’s supporters expect lawmakers to follow suit later this year. On Monday, 64 senators voted for an amendment to reopen the bank, and some Republicans estimated that at least 300 of the 434 current House lawmakers would vote similarly, given the chance. 
‘‘At some point we’ll miss out on a business opportunity that will be of such magnitude that it will catch the attention of the public, and we’ll respond,’’ said Rep. Frank Lucas (R., Okla.), who supports the bank’s reauthorization. 
agency will arrive when Congress passes a spending measure needed to avoid a partial government shutdown by Oct. 1 or if the House and Senate negotiate a longterm highway bill in the fall. 
which the bank has missed multiple opportunities to stay open exposes the political challenges ahead. ‘‘I wouldn’t hold my breath that it’s going to get funded in September,’’ said Rep. Matt Salmon, an Arizona Republican who supports the bank. 
good will leave them at enough of a disadvantage against European and Asian competitors, which benefit from exportcredit agencies at home, that they will move production abroad. For now, they say they are getting along fine. 
term financial risk for Boeing,’’ said Dennis Muilenburg, the company’s chief executive, on a conference call with reporters last week. 
Indeed, one risk for the bank is that its absence hasn’t had any immediate shock. ‘‘The ExportImport Bank expired,’’ said Sen. Ted Cruz (R., Texas), one of the bank’s loudest critics, at a recent rally on Capitol Hill. ‘‘You notice the sky hasn’t fallen?’’ 
shouldn’t be picking winners and losers, and that any hardship for businesses is part of a necessary recalibration. 
‘‘When our charter lapses, you won’t read about massive layoffs in the paper. Small businesses don’t put out press releases when they lose out on a sale,’’ Fred Hochberg, chairman of the ExIm Bank who in the 1990s worked closely with entrepreneurs as an official at the Small Business Administration, said before the bank closed last month. 
Bank last year went to small businesses, the highest level in more than a decade. Small businesses represent a much smaller share of loans by dollar volume, around 25%, because ExIm backs expensive loans for aircraft and other industrial equipment makers. 
that count overlooks firms that don’t export directly but feed into supply chains. Yanke Machine Shop Inc. in Boise, Idaho, was one of 22 different U.S. companies that fulfilled an order for 150 pieces of construction equipment worth $37 million for a 2013 engineering project in Cameroon. 
You’ve got to have opportunity before you have work on the floor,’’ said Dirk Christison, who works in customer support for the heavysteel fabrication company. 
At risk could be deals like one that Ray 
Garcia Jr., the principal of an energy consulting firm that arranges investment for infrastructure projects in Latin America, has put together to export American equipment for a $300 million gastoliquid plant in Paraguay. 
He said the project is one of three in South 
and Central America that is now in limbo. ‘‘We have spent two years developing these projects just to have the rug pulled out from under us for political reasons,’’ said Mr. Garcia, a selfdescribed conservative Republican from Houston. 
deal would go to a foreign company or large multinational, leaving his U.S. manufacturers without contracts. ‘‘Small businesses that do not have $1 billion in capital to facilitate projects like these do benefit and can compete on a global platform armed with ExIm Bank,’’ he said. 
ExIm’s Bank limbo state stands in contrast to those of a similar agency. When the Small Business Administration last week stopped accepting new loans under its flagship program, which reached its borrowing limit on Thursday, the House and Senate quickly passed an extension. 
the ExIm Bank’s shutdown, the lapse created a ‘‘soft landing’’ for most customers, said Gary Mendell, president of Meridian Finance Group in Santa Monica, Calif., which arranges financing for exporters. ‘‘We’ve been telling customers to see if you can stand tough until the end of July,’’ he said. 
As the prospect of ExIm Bank’s reauthorization grows more distant, Mr. Mendell said more firms will run into difficulty as their workingcapital loans or credit insurance expires. An overlooked casualty, he added, is that small businesses that have never exported have virtually no financing options right now. 
doing this, they would be doing it by now,’’ said Mr. Mendell. 
the potential plight of small firms. On the eve of the agency’s shutdown last month, Sen. David Vitter (R., La.), expressed alarm that financing for thousands of small businesses might be at stake and said the agency should come up with a way for those companies to secure financing from the SBA. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), a member of the Financial Services Committee and a leader in the effort to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask the Chamber to reject the rule so that we might, indeed, offer an amendment to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank for three reasons. 
States Congress; two, it does good; three, if we don’t do it, great harm will 
clearly demonstrated it is the will of this body, both in the Senate and here. 
I do want to remind you that, for 81 
years, 16 times, Democrats and Republicans, no matter how conservative or how liberal, the United States has reauthorized the ExportImport Bank. It does good. That is why they do it. 
that the votes were there in Rules Committee yesterday to allow this amendment. The good gentleman from Texas who chairs—and he is a gentleman; he is a good gentleman— opened up his comments by saying 9,000 jobs in and around his district in the State of Texas, attributable to the ExportImport Bank, they hang in the balance. 
supported by the ExportImport Bank, $675 million transferred to the Treasury. It reduces the deficit. It creates jobs. Why don’t we want more of this? Call me crazy, I guess. 
If we don’t do it, harm will come to 
us. Read this morning’s Wall Street Journal. Small businesses already—not prospectively—are already suffering job loss in States throughout this great country. 
The fact of the matter is not reauthorizing does constitute unilateral disarmament. About 3 weeks ago, two academics, one from Canada, one from New York, concluded the big winner if we fail to reauthorize. It is China. They are rubbing their hands. They are rubbing their hands. 
our manufacturing base. Who says we don’t need more good manufacturing jobs? We need more good manufacturing jobs. 
Let me conclude on this note. Ominously, and without drama, hear me, from my heart to your ears. In the very near future, major manufacturers will announce that they are offshoring certain manufacturing capacity because they have to, to compete in a global economy. The global economy has increased fivefold since 1980. 
to thank the gentleman for his kind words, not only of truth, but also I want to thank him for coming up and being with several other Members who sat through hours’ worth of debate and discussion. 
Mr. HECKserved honorably well yesterday, and he does again today, and I thank him very much. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I say to my 
colleague from Texas, we have so many speakers on our side of the aisle—in 
fact, both sides of the aisle—folks like Mr. FINCHER and others who want to 
our Members would also appreciate the opportunity to talk about it, as our time is running short. 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE), a member of the Financial Services Committee. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this rule so 
that we can bring up, as my colleagues have said, something that ought to be done in a bipartisan fashion, with little significant opposition, and that is the reauthorization of an entity that helps drive the American economy, put Americans to work, and helps us to compete in an increasingly competitive global environment, and that is the ExportImport Bank. 
votes in the House, 78 in the Senate, 60 percent of Republicans in both bodies supporting the ExportImport Bank, joining Democrats in doing so. 
invades and infects this place. But when it comes to American jobs, supporting American manufacturers, putting hardworking Americans to work in jobs that have higher wages, we have great discussions here about the growing inequality in wages. 
But one solution we ought to agree on is the reauthorization of the Export Import Bank because we know export jobs pay higher wages. This ought to be a nobrainer. 
of Michigan as a result of the Export Import Bank and the work that they do. In the last 6 years, there have been $200 billion in exports. 
how we ought to deal with income inequality in this country, but we ought not have any disagreement when we see the ExportImport Bank, which delivers money to the Federal Treasury, helps us deal with that problem, puts Americans to work, and makes us more competitive. We ought to do this in a bipartisan fashion, and we ought to do it now. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), a member of the 
gentleman’s courtesy, and I appreciate the way he framed this rule debate. 
Mr. Speaker, we have sort of a hodgepodge here of items that really deserve careful, sustained attention. There is no reason to lump this together. These are important items. And, sadly, the way it has been structured shuts down debate. 
the ExIm Bank. I appreciate person after person coming to the floor, acknowledging that there is broad bipartisan interest in the reauthorization of the ExIm Bank and no rational reason to reject it. It is going to have serious consequences, as my friend from Washington pointed out. 
discussing here today that could also make a huge difference for our economy because we are dodging again our responsibilities to deal with a country that is falling apart as it is falling behind. 
The reason we don’t have a 6year reauthorization is because the House has not met its responsibility to outline how we pay for it. We are still trying to pay for 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dollars. 
Now we have got legislation that actually mirrors what Ronald Reagan did in 1982, when he called upon Congress to come back, raise the user fee 125 percent, and be able to put hundreds of thousands of Americans to work, and maintain our roads and bridges and transit. We are not doing that. 
Means that has the broadest support of any major piece of legislation in Congress—organized labor, business, contractors, truckers, AAA, engineers—all committed to raising the user fee. They say: Charge us more so that we are going to be able to thrive. 
that the American public is paying now in congestion, in damage to their cars. 
week. Fund the transportation bill. Let the committee know what parameters they have and be able to revitalize and rebuild this country. It is time for us to step up. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, our colleagues are making really, really good points about what we need to do. 
BILLSHUSTER , and the Republican majority is committed to doing exactly what they have talked about: getting our work done. 
States Senate until this week, and they have a 1,000page transportation bill that we are not simply going to say: Let’s just agree to that. 
It is going to come over to us after 
they have done their work. With great respect, we are trying to make sure that we are continuing the funding. We are using mechanisms that would be available. 
three times and saw once. We are not going to accept, by unanimous consent or another agreement, a 1,000page bill. 
before we pass them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), a leader in the bipartisan efforts to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank and a member of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I said earlier that the first, most immediate damage as a result of our failure to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank will be visited upon small businesses. 
It occurs to me that a little bit of 
color in that regard would serve us well, giving the benefit of the doubt to those who are opposing our opposition to the rule so that we can reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
Let me give you the data. The ExportImport Bank has approximately 90 percent of its transactions going to small businesses, about 90 percent. 
as all direct loans, but they aren’t. The fact of the matter is the bulk of them are what we would call accounts receivable insurance. 
credit. There are also loan guarantees, not actual direct loans. And these, again, are small businesses. 
Specialty Company in Yakima, Washington, which makes music stands and has a global market. Thirtyfive percent of its sales are exports, and a good portion of them are assisted by the ExportImport Bank. 
In my district, Pexco in Fife, Washington, makes traffic control equipment. They are growing their export business with the assistance of the ExportImport Bank. So it is the small businesses that first will feel the damage. 
But for those of you who say, yes, but 
the biggest share of the dollars go to big businesses, let’s go back to Economics 101. 
A lot of people point to Boeing. Ladies and gentlemen, Boeing does not manufacture airplanes. If that surprises you, please pay attention to what I am about to say. 
Boeing does not manufacture airplanes. They design them. They assemble them with the assistance of 15,000 businesses in their supply chain, about half of whom are small businesses. 
In the tiny town of Puyallup, relatively speaking, in my district, there are 17 businesses within the city limits whose principal customer is Boeing. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Small businesses will be hurt first. Over the long term, big businesses will be hurt. 
I did not say earlier lightly. I did not 
say earlier in hyperbole that we will have major announcements causing grievous damage to the manufacturing base of America. We cannot allow that to happen. We simply must, for the sake of 
small businesses and for the sake of our manufacturing base, reauthorize 
the ExportImport Bank. It reduces the deficit. It creates jobs. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I strongly 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question so we can bring forward the bipartisan effort to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
sympathy and respect for my colleagues who believe that these kinds of backdoor subsidies have no place in a global trade regime. That is a reasonable and defensible viewpoint. 
that is multilaterally. There are a lot of ways that companies have and will and governments have and do try to give themselves a nationalistic advantage in international trade. 
and Boeing alone, books could be written about the efforts of both sides— whether it is our side through military contracts; whether it is their side, Europe—to give backdoor allowable subsidies that put their own companies at an advantage. 
the ExportImport Bank, we are putting American exporters at a disadvantage because the dozens of other countries that engage in these allowable kinds of credit facilities will still do so to the detriment of American jobs and American businesses. 
very Chambers about trade promotion authority. Soon there will be discussions about TPP and TTIP. 
TPA in the instructions to the President about credit facilities and Export Import Bank and what would and wouldn’t be allowable? 
that we should not be engaging in these efforts, surely what is more important and what trumps that is to make sure that this is not a part of the global trade regime. 
So long as it is, for America not to 
engage in this allowable practice of credit facilities extended through the ExportImport Bank puts American jobs at a disadvantage, will lead to further outsourcing of American jobs and hurt American businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule covers two significant, but wholly unrelated, bills. 
limited time, this limited debate, about Federal highway funding, about veterans’ care and VA workers, about the ExportImport Bank. 
viewers are confused as to what we are even talking about or how is it even possible that, in 1 hour, we are covering the transportation needs of our 
country, the VA system, and a program allowable under trade rules that helps make American companies more competitive. 
Unfortunately, rather than continuing our work next week, the majority has put several pieces of disparate legislation into a grab bag in a smoky backroom manner that, unfortunately, will continue to fail to address the most important transportation concerns or the already expiration of the ExportImport Bank before this body goes home for a month. 
rule, this institution is not even allowed to bring forward an amendment we know would pass to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
have somehow been combined with a highway issue and a minibus that detracts from transparency. 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I want to thank not only the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), but 
also our colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle who I thought most generously fought this battle today. 
and we know, Mr. Speaker, that we are addressing two vitally important issues that Congress must step up to the plate on. 
from the VA, for us to fund a gap of $3.4 billion that is necessary to fund hospitals of the VA to make sure that they are able to provide services to our veterans. It is critical. To vote against that I think is a mistake. 
Republicans are trying to balance the needs through not only the appropriators—HAL ROGERS , our chairman, 
chairman, are trying to come together, Mr. Speaker, to put together the money and the need to run the business based upon a reality discussion with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of their need to run the business, to have the money, but also to have the managerial abilities to move their employees that are not performing satisfactorily, employees who do have an oath as healthcare providers to do their very best and to be honest about the scheduling and the proper procedures necessary to our veterans. 
What this rule is about and the underlying legislation is vital—vital—to our Nation’s veterans. That is why we 
Republicans want to make sure that we are faithful. We understand that, in each of our congressional districts, that we are active and involved to try and ensure that the roads and bridges and railways and ports and all these activities that deal with infrastructure and transportation are continuing down a pathway without us getting frustrated, without us throwing up our hands and giving up, but actually to work with the existing chairman, who is doing an awesome job, BILLSHUSTER , 
to make sure that we are putting forth the money—PAUL RYAN, chairman of 
the Ways and Means Committee—trying to find the money necessary, lots of hard work, hours of discussion, moving towards a correct target. 
In this process, we have our colleagues on the other side of this wall— who are literally there now as they are working in the Rotunda—to move legislation; we are allowing them that time because they are moving a transportation bill as we speak, but it is a 1,000page bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I am not in favor and I 
think my colleagues in here are not in favor and BILLSHUSTER is not, which is 
really what matters, as the chairman, to say give me a shot at looking at the bill when they finish it. 
make sure we deal with the things that must be dealt with before we go on our work time back home for the month, where we go back home and deal with the American people, because we plan to do this. That is what we are doing. 
normal, but I think we are doing a heck of a job and the right thing to address the issues—veterans, straight up, money, the ability to run their business right, so that we know we have done what we can do; and, secondly, to move transportation. 
body, Democrat and Republican, should support these because they are worthy ideas about moving us forward, our country. We can look at the American people straight on and say we have addressed two of the issues that were on our plate. 
that our colleagues want to get moving today, so I am going to look forward to debate that will follow. I urge support of the underlying legislation in the bills. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this rule and support the gentleman’s motion to defeat the previous question—in order to allow for a vote on the ExportImport Bank reauthorization. 
economic imperative and letting it lapse before Congress goes on Recess is completely irresponsible and inexcusable. 
success story which has broad bipartisan support in both Houses of this Congress as well as support from the majority of Americans. The bank supports hundreds of thousands 
of good paying jobs in this country. If we fail to act, we will shut off a lifeline for many of our small businesses and exporters. 
thousands of small business and manufacturing jobs. These are good jobs in a very highneed area that would not have been possible without the Bank, and which now are in danger. 
Mr. Speaker, we should let the will of the 
people work its way and allow a vote on the Reauthorization of the ExIm Bank. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 388 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amended— 
shall build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guarantees, and insurance of the Bank.’’. 
later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
effectiveness of the controls used by the ExportImport Bank of the United States to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the controls, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
an Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
days after the date of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position requiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the designated agency ethics official for the Bank pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct established by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
authorities substantial evidence of a violation of any law applicable to the performance of official duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
the propriety of any current or proposed conduct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as necessary.’’. 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 5104, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
general management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, financial risk evaluation practices in large governmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position requiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
risk oversight, the monitoring of management compliance with risk limits, and the management of risk exposures and risk controls across the Bank; 
execution of all Bank risk management activities, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
the Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 5104 and 5105, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
a management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
Risk Management Committee shall be the members of the Board of Directors, with the President and First Vice President of the Bank serving as ex officio members. 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
Bank portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of commercial and multilateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geographic, and obligor exposure levels; and 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Directors of the ExportImport Bank of the United States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and 
this section shall be construed to affect, impede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
respect to transactions whenever possible, including copies of bills of lading, certifications, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential civil or criminal enforcement related to the transactions; and 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the ExportImport Bank of the United States expires under section of the Export Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
based solely on the industry, sector, or business that the application concerns; or 
that discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or business that the application concerns. 
Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this section referred to as the ’Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of eliminating’’ and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, before the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’; 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strategy for achieving the proposal, that the United States Government will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and nonOECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized exportfmancing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of governmentsupported export subsidies. 
of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by companies that export information and communications technology services and related goods. 
that are supported by the export of information and communications technology services and related goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase exports of such services and related goods. 
Bank of exports of information and communications technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
agencies to facilitate the export of information and communications technology services and related goods. 
could provide additional financing for the exportation of information and communications technology services and related goods through risksharing with other export credit agencies and other third parties. 
could offer to provide financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods, including— 
need additional authority to offer new products to meet the needs of the information and communications technology industry; 
that would enable the Bank to provide increased financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
the Bank to provide increased outreach to the information and communications technology industry about the products the Bank offers; and 
that would enable the Bank to provide the financing to build information and communications technology infrastructure, in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access opportunities for United States information and communications technology companies to provide services on the infrastructure being financed by the Bank. 
the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting the resolution, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1300. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 180, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present during rollcall vote No. 483. I would like to reflect that on rollcall vote No. 483 I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
was allowed to speak out of order.) WASHINGTON KASTLES CHARITY CLASSIC  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I am gathered here today with some of my colleagues because we participated in the Washington Kastles Charity Classic. We had a wonderful time for charity. 
Washington Kastles, who were founded in 2008 and is the tennis team for the city of Washington, have made more than $1 million in charitable donations. 
of those efforts, with 100 percent of the ticket proceeds benefiting Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, or TAPS, the DC Public Education Fund, and Food & Friends. 
Stripes. I am sorry to report that the Stars defeated the Stripes, having been in the Stripes the last 3 years. They finally won one, but we are very excited for them. It is nice to be talking about something other than golf on the House floor. 
person with us here today, Martina Hingis, who is in the audience. She is up there in the gallery. She just won Wimbledon Doubles Championship, women’s and mixed doubles. She won both the women’s doubles title and the mixed doubles title. She is on the Washington Kastles. 
the folks who played: Representatives SCOTT, D OLD, Y ODER , B USTOS and 
FLAKE , Senator M ERKLEY , and the rest 
of the Kastles could not be with us today. They are traveling. But we just wanted to thank them all for this wonderful effort. We need more tennis. 
this trophy, this cup, from the Stripes to the Stars, who defeated us. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 243, noes 183, not voting 7, as follows: 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1300) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KING) that the House suspend the rules 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 424, nays 0, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson 
Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent 
Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add any extraneous material in the RECORD on H.R. 1994, as 
WALORSKI ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 388 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1994. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
MILLER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T AKANO ) each will control 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs with yet another tool to instill accountability, muchneeded accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs, by allowing him or her to remove or demote any employee for poor performance or misconduct. 
protect—and let me say that again to the Members here on the floor, to protect—whistleblowers by stipulating that an employee may not be removed under this new authority if they have an open claim at the Office of Special Counsel until that claim is closed. 
for those who blow the whistle at VA, my bill would also set up a new process to be used in addition to any other process that is currently allowed by law, which would protect whistleblowers from retaliation by removal while they bring issues to light up through their chain of command. 
Senior Executive Service performance evaluation system. It also allows the Secretary to recoup a portion of an SES employee’s retirement benefits if they are convicted of a felony related to their work performance and limits paid administrative leave to 14 days within a 1year timeframe for any VA employee. H.R. 1994, as amended, would also extend to 18 months the probationary period for all new VA employees to ensure a complete evaluation before offering permanent status. 
Finally, Mr. Chairman, my bill requires that GAO do a study on time and space that is spent on union activities. I agree with all of my colleagues that a great majority of VA’s employees are hardworking public servants who are dedicated to providing the quality health care and benefits that our veterans have earned, and I am sure that the majority of these employees who are dedicated to the mission of the Department are just as frustrated as most of us are that problem employees continue to be moved to new positions or placed in a corner as opposed to removing them from the payroll. 
poor performers and misconduct ranging from unethical practices to outright criminal behavior can spread like a cancer throughout the workforce. When the Secretary comes across this presence of poor performance or misconduct, as we have seen time and time again across our country, such as Phoenix, Denver, central Alabama, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, in my home State of Florida, and in many other places across our Nation, it is nearly impossible to remove that cancer in a reasonable amount of time due to current civil service rules. 
GAO study found that it can take 6 months to a year, or sometimes significantly longer, Mr. Chairman, to fire poor performing government employees. More telling, last month, VA’s Deputy Secretary Gibson sat before our Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and admitted that it was too difficult to fire a substandard employee. We should all agree that it defies common sense for it to take many months or even years to fire a poor performing employee at VA. 
American citizens appreciate the sacrifices that our veterans have made and always argue that they deserve nothing but the highest quality care and treatment, but in my view, bad employees mean bad customer service and an impediment to the quality services that our veterans have earned. If we truly want for our veterans to have the very best, then the status quo simply is no longer acceptable. 
bill will hurt the Department’s ability to recruit and retain good employees and hurt employee morale, but I think nothing could be further from the truth. The best way to improve morale is to get rid of the causes of the dysfunction that we currently see at the VA. Nobody enjoys working for an organization that fails to hold poor performance accountable, and the only employees the VA should want to recruit are those who want to work in an environment where they know everyone is respected and can be held accountable for their actions. 
not needed because VA fires employees all the time, but the raw numbers, Mr. Chairman, just don’t tell that story. Following a year in which we witnessed the biggest scandal in VA history, only three—let me repeat, three—employees of a workforce of over 340,000 people have been successfully fired for wait time manipulation. These numbers, or lack thereof, make it clear that more work needs to be done to turn the tide at VA and change the culture within the Department. 
punitive but is necessary if we truly want the Secretary to make the changes this Congress, the American people, and, most importantly, our veterans expect to see made. 
and continue to compare my bill to current law in an attempt to illustrate what they think my bill is lacking, in their opinion; but comparing my bill to current law ignores the far too often egregious effects of current civil service laws which have contributed to the 
Yes, the bill before us today is different from current law, because the current law needs to be changed, and that is what I and many of my colleagues are trying to accomplish with this legislation. Despite our attempts to reach a measure of common ground with the unions, they have made it clear from the beginning that pretty much anything but the status quo will not garner their support. 
quo is not working. It is failing the mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and it is failing the veterans the VA is supposed to serve. Mr. Chairman, it is time for a change. The Secretary needs the ability to make real reforms, and he needs to be able to do it quicker than the current average timeline of 6 to 12 months to remove a single employee. 
that the administration has recently come out saying that they strongly oppose the bill and could potentially veto it if it arrives at the President’s desk; but this removal authority for all VA employees is modeled after the same authority provided in the Choice Act that was passed by the House and the Senate and signed by the President last summer, the same authority that, at the bill signing almost exactly this time last year, the President said: ‘‘If you engage in an unethical practice, if you cover up a serious problem, you should be fired . . . It shouldn’t be that difficult.’’ 
President has changed his position almost exactly a year later. 
heard over the voice of our veterans. We need to continue to push for the same change we pushed for last year. Now is not the time to change our belief in the need for greater accountability within VA. 
Our veterans still expect us to continue to advocate for them as more and more of VA’s missteps are brought to light every single day, whether they are on the front page of the paper or not. We cannot continue to put the needs of employees whose performance or misconduct would not be tolerated in the private sector ahead of our Nation’s veterans because we are scared of change or because we don’t want to upset the unions. 
least try to give the Secretary the tools he or she needs to hold VA employees accountable, then we as a Congress are just as culpable for any future VA failures as the antiquated civil service laws that foster those failures now. 
There is not a doubt in my mind that 
all of my colleagues here today care for our Nation’s veterans; but today, we can decide to stand with our veterans 
or we can decide to stand with the status quo, which I believe has failed them and the American public for far too long. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , 
H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act of 2015, as amended by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. As you know, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on April 23, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill, as amended. 
mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1994, as amended, at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. 
Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. 
your letter on July 27, 2015, I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 1994, as amended, the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015.’’ 
I appreciate the house Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s waiver of consideration of provisions under its jurisdiction and its subject matter as specified in your letter. I acknowledge that the waiver was granted only to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 1994, as amended, and does not in any way waive or diminish the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s jurisdictional interests over this legislation or similar legislation. I will support a request from the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for appointment to any HouseSenate conference on H.R. 1994, as amended. Finally, I will also support your request to include a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration. 
are all frustrated that the VA is not moving fast enough to hold bad employees accountable, but I do not believe H.R. 1994 would lead to real, long term accountability at the VA. In fact, I believe it would have the opposite effect by possibly shielding poorperforming VA employees from ever being removed. 
This bill violates longstanding Supreme Court precedent regarding our Constitution’s promise of due process rights. Our Constitution guarantees that we cannot be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. Our veterans were willing to lay down their lives to defend this basic promise. 
States has determined that our Constitution gives Federal employees the right to due process, meaning fair notice and a chance to respond, before losing their jobs. As lawmakers, we do not have the power to revoke this constitutional principle of fairness and due process for a select group of people, no matter how outraged we may feel. I believe it is wrong to assume that VA employees are guilty until proven innocent. 
courts could very well overturn any removals as a violation of those employees’ due process rights. They could then reinstate and give backpay to those who were removed. Bad employees would become permanent fixtures at the VA. 
We all agree that VA needs to use the 
current tools it has more vigorously to remove poorperforming employees, but we should not throw out important constitutional protections to arbitrary actions simply because some claim it is too difficult to follow the law or be faithful to our basic principles of fairness. 
VA managers, but perhaps not the tool imagined by its supporters. Bad managers and political appointees would have the ability to threaten the livelihoods of honest VA workers trying to follow VA regulations and policy, thus reinforcing the culture of fear and reluctance to speak out against poor management or malfeasance at the VA. If these employees were fired, they would have very little opportunity to tell their side of the story. 
will workplace within the Federal Government. Veterans desperately need our Nation’s top doctors, nurses, and counselors to choose to work at the VA, and it is already hard enough to recruit them away from the private sector. 
found that VA has 41,500 unfilled medical jobs, ‘‘forcing vets into costly private care.’’ Removing basic civil service protections—and basic fairness— would make VA an even less desirable place to work and add to these recruiting woes. 
VA employees are veterans themselves. They deserve better than to find themselves in a workplace that strips them of basic constitutional protections— again, protections that they fought to defend. This bill is nothing more than an attempt to destroy the civil service using the VA as a test case. It would empower the very individuals who have often perpetuated the worst VA scandals—VA managers—to threaten the livelihood of hardworking, frontline VA employees and silence the voices of the whistleblowers we rely on to tell us when something is wrong. 
VA, the continued existence of a nonpartisan civil service is vital if we are to fix the mess at the VA and provide our veterans with the benefits and services that we have promised them and that they have earned. 
Board has stated in a report from May: ‘‘Due process is available for the whistleblower, the employee who belongs to the ‘wrong’ political party, the reservist whose periods of military service are inconvenient to the boss, the scapegoat, and the person who has been misjudged based on faulty information. Due process is a constitutional requirement and a small price to pay to ensure the American people receive a meritbased civil service rather than a corrupt spoils system.’’ 
‘‘accountability,’’ destroy one of the best tools we have to provide the benefits and services we have promised our veterans. That tool is a nonpartisan and nonpolitical VA workforce. 
vast majority of the highperforming VA workforce from being fired at the whim of capricious or retaliatory managers or political appointees, not to make it even easier. 
I believe H.R. 1994 violates our Constitution. The administration has issued a veto threat, and if enacted, H.R. 1994 would not stand up in a court of law. Ultimately, veterans would be harmed the most when courts overturn this policy and then reinstate bad employees at the VA. 
Instead of scapegoating the vast majority of hardworking VA employees, Congress should look for real opportunities to reform our civil service in a manner that is constitutional, while providing adequate resources and better policies to provide outcomes at the VA. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, it is amazing that every single Democrat in the Congress last year voted in favor of the very same rules and regulations. 
in strong support of H.R. 1994, and I thank Chairman MILLER for bringing 
of veterans, and we in this Nation have a sacred trust to take care of the men and women who have defended our freedom. Without accountability in the VA, we cannot properly care for our 
veterans. While I believe the great majority of VA employees are dedicated and hardworking Americans doing the right thing for our veterans, there are those in the VA who have not acted in the best interest of our veterans, and these individuals must be terminated. 
were successfully fired due to wait time manipulations is a disgrace. The current system is broken. Poor and mediocre performance that endangers our veterans should not be tolerated. 
more easily from the VA system, enabling the remaining dedicated employees to better serve our veterans. The bill will protect whistleblowers. 
happen now, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1994. 
the issue of the SES provision, yes, most of us did vote for the Choice Act, the provision that dealt with the SES reform to make it easier to fire those employees. That number of employees is a very small number. It is about 400. We are talking about addressing the entire 300,000strong employees. 
Let me just say that at the time I 
wish we had spent more time reviewing the constitutionality. I do believe the constitutionality of that action is also in question. 
Mr. TAKANO. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. 
good friend for yielding, but I would also say that the Constitution of the United States protects even a single individual. So to say that it is only a small group should not be anything in this discussion. 
of the United States would have had ample time to be able to go through and review it before he signed it into law. 
let me just say that I believe the Constitution applies to the Senior Executive Service as well as all of the 300,000 employees of the Veterans Administration. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, as a member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1994, the socalled VA Accountability Act of 2015. 
We all agree on the importance of accountability for those who care for our Nation’s heroes, but this is the wrong way to go about it. We are indeed throwing out the baby with the bathwater. My colleagues have outlined a number of reasons to oppose this legislation, including questionable constitutionality, the elimination of longstanding and important due process procedures for employees, and the damage it would do to whistleblower protections; but I would like to focus on the big picture, on the impact this will have on VA employees, many of whom are veterans themselves, and on our efforts to recruit the best employees possible to serve our veterans. 
from janitors who clean the facilities and guards who protect the hospital, to the nurses caring for our Nation’s heroes and the doctors providing critical care for our veterans, and moves them into secondclass status. 
twotiered Federal system, with VA employees less respected, less rewarded, and less protected than others. The VA already struggles to attract the best and brightest to serve our Nation’s heroes. If this legislation passes, we will make it even harder to recruit and retain the most qualified and best trained workforce at the VA. 
face challenges to fully staff our brand new stateoftheart hospital, and if the bill passes, we will lose an important recruitment tool, and our veterans will be the ones who are hurt. 
just another piece of the Republican agenda to demonize public employees and privatize government services. Today, it is the VA. Tomorrow, it will be another agency that they don’t like—who knows, the EPA, the TSA, the FAA, the USDA. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), 
vice chairman of the full committee and my colleague from the Second Congressional District of Florida. 
today to support the VA Accountability Act. The brave women and men who return from serving our country should be able to receive timely access to quality care. Our veterans have earned our respect and admiration. 
In general, I believe that most employees at the VA are dedicated to our Nation’s heroes. However, a culture of mediocrity has permeated the VA. Too many employees who perform terribly are not fired. 
the VA Secretary to fire employees more easily, but the heart of this issue is about the quality of care for veterans. If bad actors stay at the VA, that hurts veterans. 
but hypotheticals mean nothing in the face of overwhelming evidence. We know about the real negligence that goes on unpunished. This is a disservice 
VA employee who took a veteran seeking treatment for drug abuse to a crackhouse in a government vehicle and left the veteran there overnight. Sadly, it took over a year to fire that employee. That is inexcusable. 
the committee, only three VA employees have been fired since the Arizona wait time scandal, specifically for data 
This bill is needed because our Nation’s heroes deserve better. That is the bottom line. We must protect our veterans. Support this bill. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). 
want to start by saying I am in opposition to this accountability bill, but I want to commend the chairman and the ranking member and the rest of the members of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I think you have done a good job—and I don’t come up here and say that too often—because you have made it bipartisan. 
this bill to the floor and use the word ‘‘accountability,’’ I am trying to figure that out because we want accountability. I am a veteran, and I have fought. 
I have got a record for 18 years, in 
the forefront, running point on veterans issues, from waiting for so darn long to get an appointment, to the latest problems we have had in the VA concerning addressing our TBI patients and our posttraumatic stress disorder patients. No one is more disappointed than me in what transpired in the VA last year. 
As a vet, I was proud to support the 
bipartisan VA reform legislation that became law in response, but this bill isn’t about making the VA better or ensuring better care and treatment for our veterans. 
some political points, an underhanded attempt to strip VA employees, and I don’t think you really want to do that, but that is the result. 
Mr. PASCRELL. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. 
for the Veterans Access Choice and Accountability Act last year? 
Mr. PASCRELL. Yes, I did. Mr. MILLER of Florida. This language is the same language that was in there. It does not take away the rights that you say are being taken away. You voted for the same thing last year. 
time, in the context of what we did a year ago and the context of what is now under the guise of accountability is very different to me. I read both bills, the one we voted on last year and this bill. 
There is important workplace protections that do not exist in this bill, and that is my position. We cannot start off by blaming unions, blaming the VA. 
There are some bad actors there. We are trying to get rid of them, and I want to get rid of them faster than you want to get rid of them, but I don’t want to take down the whole group. 
have done this with other Federal agencies. The reality is that the civil service protections available to these employees and all other Federal employees actually protect whistleblowers—that is in the law already— and allow them to come forward when they see wrongdoing, without fearing some retaliation. 
Whistleblowers were how we discovered the problems, Mr. Chairman, in the first place. That is how we found out about what was going on in Phoenix and in some other places. Correct me if I am wrong; I think you will agree with me. 
I agree that poorly performing employees have no place at the VA—or any other Federal agency for that matter. We agree on both sides of the aisle. We can’t—as some have said, you guys are in favor of the vets, and we are not in favor of the vets. 
I agree that poorly performing employees have no place at the VA—or any other Federal agency, not just this one. This demonization of government employees that my colleagues are spearheading does not encourage productive work and, frankly, is just plain wrong. 
legislation. We are not going to make these folks any more accountable by demonizing the work. 
community policing without police, you have got to understand, you cannot have service with thousands and thousands of positions being vacant because you don’t want to spend the money. 
That is at one of the cores; it may 
not be the most fundamental reason. That is one of the reasons at least why we can’t provide service. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I don’t believe I have mentioned the unions one time, but I now think I 
understand why the disparity in the vote. The senior executive level that we passed the accountability for last year is nonunionized, and the people that we are talking about today are unionized. 
it is a pleasure to join my colleagues on the House floor today to speak in support of H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act, as amended. 
most of the VA’s 300,000plus employees are honest, hardworking folks who get up every day and go to work with the sole intention of helping our veterans, just as they do at Mountain Home VA Medical Center in my hometown of Johnson City, Tennessee. 
centers and reports of whistleblower retribution, it has become evident that there are more bad apples than we would like to believe. 
provide the flexibility necessary for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to remove these bad actors and send a message about the type of performance that we expect for our veterans. 
frontline employees with increased whistleblower protections from retribution from superiors and colleagues through the office of special counsel. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations and as a veteran myself, I understand how crucial it is for whistleblowers to continue coming forward with allegations of mismanagement, misconduct, and outright negligence. If whistleblowers don’t feel safe stepping forward, we will never, never be able to fix the problems at the VA. 
nothing in this bill compels the Secretary to remove anyone. Let me say that again. Nothing in this bill requires the Secretary to remove anyone. It simply gives the Secretary the tools necessary to remove bad employees, which would be a welcomed authority, I would think. 
culture at the VA. As the second largest employing Department in the U.S. Government, second only to the Department of Defense, there are far too many bureaucratic hurdles in place to reasonably and responsibly manage it. 
VA, Mr. Chairman, I have been on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee since I have been in Congress, 6
budget is up 74 percent. We are spending the money. We need to spend it more wisely. 
glad that my colleagues on the other side believe that we need to protect whistleblowers. It is precisely the at will nature, making all of the 200,000 
employees of the VA atwill employees, which makes them more vulnerable to the caprices of managers and makes them less likely to want to come forward as whistleblowers. 
rise to oppose H.R. 1994, which seeks to transform 300,000 VA personnel to what we call atwill employees, capable of being fired based on anything, including their beliefs and not their merit necessarily. It effectively destroys the civil service as it is and as we know it at the VA. 
would look at this bill and say it is just a clever attempt to drive a wedge between our Nation’s veterans—all of whom we ardently support on both sides of the aisle—between those veterans and the civil servants who serve them at the VA and the unions that represent them. 
away from every nonmanagement VA employee, including over 100,000 veterans. That is the key, is that there are 100,000 veterans themselves affected by this bill; and they will lose rights as a result if this bill passes. 
Now, H.R. 1994 will have a chilling effect on those willing to speak out, and that has been addressed amply heretofore, but I am here to say it goes beyond whistleblowers. Whistleblowers in this country have a lot of protections. 
This goes beyond whistleblowers because, remember, a lot of the bad actors at the VA that have led to the Phoenix situation and the others that we have seen are management people. 
Think of it. If we take away the due 
process rights of employees, not only who would serve as whistleblowers to blow the whistle on bad management conduct, but we take away their rights to due process before they lose their jobs; what we are doing to them is that we are perpetuating this culture of tacit compliance with bad actor managers at VA. 
doesn’t want to go along with an improper and an unethical practice that a manager is asking him or her to do, that employee right now can say: No, I am not going to do it. 
If we pass this bill and they refuse to 
do it, they can be fired for not doing it. This is not the way to serve our Nation’s veterans. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ), 
I rise in support of H.R. 1994, legislation to allow the VA Secretary to fire employees because of poor performance or misconduct. I want to thank Chairman MILLER for his strong leadership 
The VA Committee has been relentless in our pursuit of answers and accountability for our veterans since the 
yet, the VA has only held three individuals responsible for these unacceptable failings. 
I am the father of a veteran, and I 
served our returning heroes as a doctor at the Iron Mountain VA hospital for 20 years. I know exactly the quality of our veterans, and they deserve so much better. 
that, if you don’t do your job, you get fired. It is that simple. 
not there to serve the VA, it is there to serve our veterans. Until we refocus the VA on this fundamental and sacred mission, we will continue to have the issues of mismanagement and incompetence that have plagued the Department. 
that direction. I am pleased to support it. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
that most of us did, in fact, vote for the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act SES provision. 
not Congress, not the President—determine whether a law we pass comports with the Constitution. 
that SES provision closer scrutiny. We might have reacted a bit too hastily to the Phoenix scandal. We were all, I think, unified in our outrage. 
working its way through the court system and is very well possibly going to be overturned. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the First District of Kansas (Mr. HUELSKAMP ). 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. I thank the chairman. I appreciate the opportunity to speak in support of our legislation. 
year there has been a lot of talk about accountability at the VA. Unfortunately, though, there has not been enough action or change by the VA under this administration. 
to ensure the VA Secretary has the authority and the responsibility to remove corrupt or incompetent employees. 
As a Member of Congress, I am simply tired of hearing stories about employees placed on indefinite administrative leave or getting early retirement with full benefits for offenses that should get them fired, if we really cared about the veterans. 
this bill: ending the culture of nonaccountability at the VA. My bill, the Whistleblower Testimony Travel Act, is also included. 
for courageous whistleblowers who testify before Congress about the shortfalls of this agency. It might be hard to believe, Mr. 
Chairman, but, currently, if a VA whistleblower is invited to testify before Congress, they are required to use their personal vacation time and personally cover all their own travel expenses. 
This bill would ensure that brave employees who report to Congress and the public on what is broken within the VA can do so on official time and be compensated by the VA for their travel costs. 
protecting our veterans. It is about making sure our veterans are treated with dignity and respect. It is about making certain that our brave veterans have a VA that works for them, not the other way around. 
want to state for the record that, as of last year, under the current due process regime in effect at the VA, 872 permanent employees were removed, 487 more resigned in lieu of being fired, and 958 probationary employees were terminated. 
the current due process regime for employees to be disciplined and dismissed. We need to work more closely with the VA to make sure that we empower managers to utilize the current processes in place. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1994, the socalled VA Accountability Act. 
I am the daughter of a career servicemember and a veteran. I, too, was outraged last year at the findings that wait time records were falsified at the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
been said on the other side—my father actually received really good care and services in VA, as hundreds of thousands of veterans do all across this country, by the hundreds of thousands of veteran employees and workers at the VA. 
I recall that, in my State of Maryland, 10 percent of our population are veterans, and we are a small State. We all care about veterans and the care that they receive. 
Just before adjourning for our August district work period last year, Congress passed and I voted for and the President signed into law the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act. 
That law gave the VA Secretary expanded authority to fire or demote Senior Executive Service employees, capped the amount of bonuses the VA could pay each year, and it required the VA to establish penalties for employees who knowingly submit false wait time data. 
later House Republicans are not only here skipping town early with a whole 
bunch of unfinished business, but they are spending the last day of the session on an ideological bill that is aimed to disparage Federal employees. 
All employees, including Federal employees, must be held to the highest standards for their quality of work and their behavior. There are mechanisms that are in place to enforce those standards for all Federal employees, including those at the Veterans Affairs. 
single out nonmanagement VA employees, including over 100,000 veterans in the workforce to be fired or demoted without due process. 
We work really closely with our employees at the Baltimore regional office and the Washington, D.C., Medical Center. These people, many veterans 
themselves, are dedicated. They care deeply about the patients they serve and the mission of the administration. 
a lastminute attempt by House Republicans to terminate, demoralize, and unfairly blame Federal employees and shrink the government so it can’t do anything for the American people. 
I will work with likeminded Members of Congress who want to do the right thing and provide the right kind of oversight. But this is not the answer, and it would destroy VA’s merit based civil service system. 
Let me just say this is not about accountability. It is not about whistleblowers. It is not about improving services for our Nation’s veterans. 
busting. Let’s just call it what it is. It is unionbusting, and it needs to be stopped. 
ashamed of trying to use VA employees and Federal employees for their own political gain. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I would remind the gentlewoman that she voted at the last minute before the August work recess for the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act. The same language is in there now. The only difference is it did not cover union employees. This one does. 
from the Sixth District of Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ). 
in strong support of H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act. 
than my hometown of Aurora, Colorado, to see that the VA is in desperate need of fundamental reforms. 
budget on a single construction project by over $1 billion? Nobody gets fired. Nobody gets disciplined. Nobody is at fault. 
true. The VA was willing to fire one person involved, a whistleblower attempting to warn VA leaders early on of the growing problems with the project. 
didn’t just fail to discipline the people in charge of the Aurora project, but they awarded the VA’s construction chief over $600,000 in bonuses and let him retire with a full pension. 
There is a culture of bureaucratic incompetence and corruption within the VA which is hurting our Nation’s veterans and wasting billions of taxpayer dollars. 
The VA Accountability Act is an important step in the right direction, and I urge its full support. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ), the ranking member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, let me just say, first of all, that I have been on this committee for the entire time I have been in Congress, 23 years. 
this committee is the bipartisan nature of this committee. But let me just tell you this bill, H.R. 1994, I do not support. 
The gentleman from Florida, Chairman MILLER , has said repeatedly that 
we voted for this provision in the Choice Act. And the only reason we did it was because these were union people or not union people. 
single conference, and this provision that you are talking about—the devil is always in the details. 
every bill closely because I was not— yes, the Secretary has the authority to fire people. But we want to make sure that they have due process. 
We are voting to give the VA the additional resources they need to do away with the backlog. 
respond to that. Because none of us were voting for H.R. 1994. It was a bad year for Congress, a bad year for the American people. 
to the gentlewoman from Florida that, if she would ask a question, I will be more than happy to answer her question. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, Chairman MILLER has said repeatedly that this provision that you have was in the base bill of the Choice program and that we all knew that we were voting to give the Secretary additional authority to fire people. 
the committee I heard someone say that the goal is to close all of the VA facilities and privatize it. 
Now, let me be clear that that is not 
the goal of the Members on the Democratic side. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I would also say that H.R. 4031 last year was a standalone bill that dealt specifically with firing senior executivelevel individuals, the same language that is in here now for the rest of the VA. 
The Democrats unanimously supported that language in the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act. 
rise today in support of the VA Accountability Act. I also want to thank Chairman MILLER for sponsoring this 
bill and for his work to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
of VA mismanagement made headlines across this country. Reports surfaced of veterans dying due to mismanaged wait times and senior executives receiving bonuses instead of receiving punishment for knowingly allowing this negligence to occur. 
Over the past year, the Veterans’ Affairs Committee has continued to uncover instances of mismanagement or misconduct by VA employees. 
hold employees accountable for their actions. When the VA attempts to take disciplinary action against an employee, the process is so complicated and lengthy that such action rarely occurs. 
Gibson admitted that it was very difficult to fire bad employees. For too long, taxpayers have been footing the bill to pay poorperforming employees to provide substandard care to our veterans. 
Only in government are special protections put in place that protect those who cannot appropriately do their job. 
individuals in the VA who do a great job for our veterans, and they should be commended for that. 
year’s law that gave the VA Secretary the authority to remove employees for poor performance or misconduct. 
expands that power further to the entire VA workforce, giving the Secretary increased authority to remove employees who are not meeting the standards of service that veterans deserve and taxpayers expect. 
whistleblowers and would shorten the appeal period and end what many veterans believe is a neverending process to remove employees who may be damaging the Department’s reputation and, even worse, putting veterans at risk. 
our Nation’s servicemen and women receive the care they rightfully deserve. 
supporting this bill because our veterans deserve nothing but the best. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
I just want to point out we keep getting back to this point about everybody voted for the SES provision that is only now being extended to all employees now, but I want to remind my colleagues that that provision was part of a large, large conference report that included the $10 billion to address the problems we had in Phoenix. There were 1,500 graduate medical education slots. It was a huge, huge, huge bill. 
did have concerns about the provision that affected the SES employees, but given the enormity of the situation we were trying to address, I believe that many folks just believe that it was the best thing to do to come together on a bipartisan basis and pass a bill that addressed the situation in Phoenix. 
H.R. 1994 does not protect whistleblowers to the extent that whistleblowers are protected now under the current regime. In fact, it creates extra hurdles for whistleblowers, and I bring this point up because we would not know about the terrible egregious situation in Phoenix without whistleblowers coming forward. 
does nothing to protect the firing of a whistleblower who has not yet filed an official complaint before they even have the opportunity to report danger to patient safety, wrongdoing, malfeasance, or discrimination. 
This bill will encourage bad employees to file for whistleblower status to prevent themselves from being fired, and these bad employees will overburden the office of special counsel with frivolous complaints. 
and you are under threat of immediate dismissal, an immediate threat to your livelihood, that is even more of an intimidating situation for that employee not to want to come forward as a whistleblower. 
actually worsens the situation for whistleblowers and does not protect them more; it protects them less. It gives them extra burdens. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would say that the statutory definition in chapter 5 of a whistleblower ‘‘means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a potential violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety.’’ 
from Louisiana, Dr. Abraham, an able bodied member of our committee. 
thank the chairman for bringing up this very strong bill which, in my opinion, will be lifesaving for some of our Nation’s heroes. 
I rise today in support of the VA Accountability Act of 2015. I am a proud original cosponsor of the bill, and I believe the legislation is vital to rooting out the pervasive bureaucracy that plagues the Federal Government. 
As a direct result of this broken system, we have seen instances where a VA employee actually took a patient to a crackhouse to get a ‘‘fix.’’ It took an entire year for that employee to be fired—an entire year. 
As a direct result of this broken system, we have seen senior employees caught participating in retaliation against whistleblowers, only to remain on the job. 
As a direct result of this broken system, we have seen employees who were caught manipulating veterans’ disability claims. 
employees? They were promoted. They received bonuses. This is unacceptable on so many levels, and it is time for it to stop. We have to make the VA work for the veteran. The current law protects those who have forgotten that they work for the veteran, not the other way around. 
Even the Veterans Affairs Department’s own Deputy Secretary, Sloan Gibson, as you heard before, recently admitted at a congressional hearing that ‘‘it is too hard to fire someone at the VA.’’ There is no excuse for those who fail to do their job and then get promoted, none. 
ensuring that good employees are protected, ensuring whistleblowers are protected, and, most importantly, that our Nation’s heroes are protected. 
the veterans who have to stand up for us by supporting the VA Accountability Act of 2015. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), from the Sixth District. 
Chairman, should the Secretary of the VA be allowed to remove or demote an employee of the Department for poor performance or misconduct? That is the question, as I see it. 
an employee is poorly performing or has demonstrated incompetence or dishonesty, as we have seen at VAs in Philadelphia and across the country, we need to be able to get rid of them— common sense. 
due process violations implicit or explicit in this legislation, and I simply just don’t see it. For one, there was a law passed last Congress; I wasn’t here then, but it was part of a larger, broader bill that brought more money to the VA, and with more money, there should be more accountability. I think that is common sense. 
Here is the example: Poorly performing employee, employee who misbehaves, demoted or terminated? Under 
this bill, that employee, within 7 days, gets to file an expedited appeal with the Merit Systems Protection Board, and then the MSPB would have to make a final decision within 45 days. If you get fired, if you get demoted, if you think that that was wrong, there is a process that is in place to address that. 
This comes on the heels of a lot of 
problems in the VA. We need more accountability, and we need more transparency, and we hear that all the time. This bill addresses that. 
This bill also provides more protections to whistleblowers. It is the courageous whistleblowers, through their tenacity, that have brought a lot of the problems forward. This bill seeks to protect them. 
I wish to address this issue of the appeals process that takes place post facto. The Supreme Court decisions and case law make very clear that Federal employees are entitled to due process on the front end and that this bill clearly does not meet that upfront, frontloaded due process moment. 
makes these decisions, if they don’t make a decision, the decision for the firing stands, so they do not have to make a firm decision, and there is no appeal. There is no appeal. That decision is final. 
the Secretary of the VA hopefully is always appointed by the President with a sense of merit, but I remind you that these are political appointees confirmed by the Senate, as are the top appointees in any Federal department. 
you do away with the very cornerstone of a meritbased civil service system. You subject it long term to becoming a spoils system to be dismissed, rehired at the whim of any incoming administration. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
My bill provides all employees an appeal to the MSPB. Postdepravation is not an issue; and regarding predepravation due process, my bill provides the same protections as the Choice Act, which the MSPB has held does not, on its face, violate the due process clause. 
from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ), a new member of our 
want to thank Chairman M ILLER for introducing this important legislation that will increase accountability in the VA. 
the large number I represent in American Samoa, have been subjected to improper treatment, long wait times, and 
other serious matters that have yet to be addressed. 
which I am proud to be a cosponsor, will enable the VA to hold those who do not perform their duties accountable, which will surely lead to better services for our veterans. No longer should our veterans come second to lifelong bureaucrats who have gamed the system while our veterans have 
I want to be clear that I believe the 
vast majority of those VA employees who serve our veterans do so honorably and are dedicated to making sure that those they serve are awarded the services and benefits they have so rightfully earned. However, it is clear that there are some bad apples in the VA, and we must not let them continue to ruin the bunch. 
on this bill, and I look forward to seeing it signed into law. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask how much time is remaining. 
that the frontend provisions that were accorded to the SES employees, we stripped them completely of the front end due process. 
VA itself, instituted a 5day procedure of due process because they, too, believed that case law required at least some front end, and that was over the objections of many of my colleagues. That rule was over the objections of many of my colleagues. 
process for all 348,728 employees, of whom 114,740 are veterans. Before we paint them as faceless bureaucrats, one of every three VA employees is a veteran who has laid their life on the line for our country. I think we need to talk about our VA employees with respect. 
the VA committee, has said the vast majority of the employees are good, hardworking, competent, goodintentioned people. They deserve to be treated fairly; they deserve to be treated with respect. 
our frontline employees, we need to protect them from a capricious, politically motivated manager who will fire them at will and intimidate them into not being a whistleblower. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
In his recent remarks at the VFW national convention in Pittsburgh, 
of Legionnaire’s disease at the Pittsburgh VA that killed six veterans and sickened many more. 
concluded that systemic failures and mismanagement at the VA were to blame for the outbreak, and the President stated unequivocally: ‘‘Whenever there are any missteps, there is no excuse.’’ 
the VA Accountability Act. With the enactment of this important legislation, there is no longer any excuse for chronic dysfunction at the VA. There is no excuse for the VA keeping bad employees, placing them on indefinite paid leave, or rewarding them with lavish bonuses. There is no excuse for the VA looking the other way when there is retaliation against courageous whistleblowers. 
that there is no excuse for the VA failing our veterans and their families anymore. 
work on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
today about a lack of due process. I do want to remind my colleagues that, in the Cleveland Board of Education v. Loudermill of 1985, it basically states that, if postdeprivation due process includes a full hearing, on appeal, the Supreme Court has long held that pre deprivation due process need only be minimal, to only include notice of charges, an explanation of the evidence, and an opportunity to present their side of the story. 
In fact, in the Merit Systems Protection Board ruling, the administrative law judge in the Hellman case basically said he did not find the response period was so short—it was 5 days—as to constitute on its face a due process violation, i.e., lack of meaningful opportunity to respond to the charges. 
There has been a lot said so far, and 
I am sure there will be more that will be said on the floor as amendments are brought; but I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1994, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
rise today in opposition to H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act of 2015. While no member of this body will deny that there is a need for fundamental and transparent reform at the Department of Veterans Affairs this bill does nothing to address the systematic issues that have plagued the VA. 
Currently, VA Management has many different routes to hold their employees accountable through existing law. H.R. 1994 would allow the VA to immediately fire employees for poor performance, violating a worker’s right to 
due process. I’m concerned that the bill would effectively make the VA the only ‘‘atwill’’ federal agency and this would further deplete the talent and retention of the public servants who serve our veterans. 
nature of a substitute which would allow the VA to immediately suspend without pay any employee who’s suspected misconducted threatened health or safety then allow the employee to tell their side of the story, preventing cases of political patronage and an increase in false whistleblower cases. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
opposition to H.R. 1994, the socalled ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015.’’ There is nothing more important than providing for the men and women who have made so many sacrifices for our country. However, today’s legislation is a fake solution and provides no real fix to the fundamental problems at the VA. 
of VA employees—including many who served in the armed services and are veteran’s themselves—into atwill employees. As a result, this would open the door for political abuse and witchhunts, effectively creating a mechanism where career federal employees could be removed because of their views or political affiliation. In addition, turning individuals into atwill employees would likely discourage whistleblowers from coming forward out of fear of being terminated. Moreover, if this legislation passes, the Department of Veterans Affairs would be the only federal agency with at will employment, making it harder to recruit and retain the best and brightest employees who are needed to serve our veterans. 
I was disappointed that a substitute amendment offered by Congressman TAKANO was 
would immediately suspend without pay any employee that is found to put a veteran’s health and safety in jeopardy. However, it also ensures that all employees—included whistleblowers—are granted their constitutional right 
to due process. On the other hand, H.R. 1994 would dismantle civil service protections that have been in place for decades. It would strip away important protections for federal workers and would deny a VA employee the opportunity to appeal a decision to the full Merit Systems Protection Board. 
the systemic problems that continue to plague the VA health care system. I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
or demote an individual who is an employee of the Department if the Secretary determines the performance or misconduct of the individual warrants such removal or demotion. If the Secretary so removes or demotes such an individual, the Secretary may— 
placed on administrative leave or any other category of paid leave during the period during which an appeal (if any) under this section is ongoing, and may only receive pay if the individual reports for duty. If an individual so demoted does not report for duty, such individual shall not receive pay or other benefits pursuant 
removal or demotion may only be made if such appeal is made not later than seven days after the date of such removal or demotion. 
administrative judge may not stay any removal or demotion under this section. 
Secretary shall provide to the Merit Systems Protection Board, and to any administrative judge to whom an appeal under this section is referred, such information and assistance as may be necessary to ensure an appeal under this subsection is expedited. 
any other provision of law, the Special Counsel (established by section 1211 of title 5) may terminate an investigation of a prohibited personnel practice alleged by an employee or former employee of the Department after the Special Counsel provides to the employee or former employee a written statement of the reasons for the termination of the investigation. Such statement may not be admissible as evidence in any judicial or administrative proceeding without the consent of such employee or former employee. 
provided by this section is in addition to the authority provided by subchapter V of chapter 75 of title 5 and chapter 43 of such title. 
duty, malfeasance, or failure to accept a directed reassignment or to accompany a position in a transfer of function. 
sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5 (relating to the Executive Schedule); 
or policydetermining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations.’’. 
States Code, as amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
probationary period prescribed by section 7403 of this title. 
beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
(II) by inserting at the end before the period 
the following: ‘‘, or any individual covered by section 717 of title 38’’; and 
after the period the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any individual covered by section 717 of title 38.’’. 
States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: 
complaint’ means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a potential violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. 
form developed by the Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, that includes the following: 
The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office— 
General Counsel any information regarding a whistleblower complaint except pursuant to an action regarding the complaint before an administrative body or court; and 
responsible for investigating all whistleblower complaints of the Department, regardless of whether such complaints are made by or against an employee who is not a member of the Senior Executive Service. 
employees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints 
Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Congress; 
a witness in an investigation of a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 732 or with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Congress; 
retaliatory investigation relating to an activity of an employee that is protected by section 2302 of title 5. 
repay the amount of any award or bonus paid under this title or title 5, including under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, if— 
appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary to carry out this section; and 
whistleblower complaints in accordance with section 732 of this title; 
from reprisal for the disclosure of certain information under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. 
annually submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that includes— 
filed under section 732 during the year covered by the report— 
such disclosures that were investigated by the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs during the year covered by the report; 
the date on which the Secretary receives from the Special Counsel information relating to a whistleblower complaint pursuant to section 1213 of title 5, the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate of such information, including the determination made by the Special Counsel.’’. 
is further amended by inserting before section 701 the following: 
‘‘732. Treatment of whistleblower complaints. ‘‘733. Adverse actions against supervisory employees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints. 
SYSTEM FOR SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 717, as added by section 3, the following new section: 
The performance appraisal system for individuals employed in senior executive positions in the Department required by section 4312 of title 5 shall provide, in addition to the requirements of such section, for five annual summary ratings of levels of performance as follows: 
pending or published report) submitted by the Inspector General of the Department, the Comptroller General of the United States, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other appropriate person or entity, related to any facility or program managed by the individual, as determined by the Secretary; 
every five years, the Secretary shall reassign each individual employed in a senior executive position to a position at a different location that does not include the supervision of the same personnel or programs. The Secretary shall make such reassignments on a rolling basis based on the date on which an individual was originally assigned to a position. 
following for each individual employed in a senior executive position in the Department: 
such individual who receives a performance rating of less than fully successful. 
Veterans Affairs, the performance appraisal system meets the requirements of section 719 of title 38.’’. 
OF THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CONVICTED OF CERTAIN CRIMES. 
States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 719, as added by section 5, the following new section: 
covered service of an individual removed from a senior executive position under section 713 of this title shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with respect to such individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— 
that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the senior executive position; and 
is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing conducted by another department or agency of the Federal Government. 
covered service of an individual who is subject to a removal or transfer action under section 713 of this title but who leaves employment at the Department prior to the issuance of a final decision with respect to such action shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with respect to such individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— 
that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the senior executive position; and 
is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing conducted by another department or agency of the Federal Government. 
States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 721, as added by section 6, the following new section: 
proposed or initiated under this title or title 5.’’. 
States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 723, as added by section 7, the following new section: 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the aggregate amount of awards and bonuses paid by the Secretary in a fiscal year under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other awards or bonuses authorized under such title or title 38, United States Code, does not exceed the following amounts: 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the amount of time spent by Department of Veterans Affairs employees carrying out organizing activities relating to labor organizations and the amount of space in Department facilities used for such activities. The study shall include a costbenefit analysis of the use of such time and space for such activities. 
to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–234. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BENISHEK  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–234. 
have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. 
VETERANS AFFAIRS TO INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
United States Code, as amended by section 8, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
same time as the Inspector General of the Department submits to the Secretary a covered report, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a copy of such covered report. 
covered report recommended by the Secretary during the period in which the Inspector General was preparing the covered report; and 
manager of a covered issue by not later than seven days after the date on which the Inspector General submits a covered report to the Secretary; 
performance review of a responsible manager includes an evaluation of whether the manager took appropriate actions during the period covered by the review to respond to a covered issue. 
respect to a responsible manager, an issue described in a covered report for which the manager is or was responsible. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 8, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 725 the following new item: 
House Resolution 388, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ) and a 
inject accountability into the VA’s culture of mismanagement. The Benishek Sinema amendment would help ensure that, when a VA inspector general identifies a problem and offers recommendations to fix it, the changes are made, and the job gets done. 
Today, the IG regularly issues reports on problems at the Department, and most of the time, the VA agrees with many of the recommendations and promises to change. The problem is no manager is actually named as being responsible for making those changes. When no one is in charge, nothing gets done, and there is no one to hold responsible. This amendment makes key changes that will give the IG’s reports teeth, that will bring to the VA the solutions our veterans deserve. 
It increases transparency, and it allows the public to see the IG’s report related to alleged employee misconduct. It requires the release of any modifications that the VA has asked the IG to make. 
specific managers who are responsible for fixing the problems identified in the reports. Their names will not be released, but this will allow Congress and the VA to know who is responsible for fixing the problem. Those individuals will not be able to receive a bonus or any performance award until the IG certifies that the problem is resolved. 
supervisor when it is necessary to fire a bad employee. A supervisor cannot effectively manage if his hands are 
This amendment has a history of bipartisan support, passing as a stand alone bill by voice vote in the last Congress. It has also garnered the support of veterans’ service organizations, including the American Legion, the VFW, the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, and the Paralyzed Veterans of America. 
Congresswoman SINEMA , for her leadership and for joining me on the issue. I am grateful for Chairman MILLER ’s 
support and for that of the entire Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Chairman MILLER has been an incredible voice 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
from Michigan, my good friend, for offering his amendment. Reluctantly, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman and Representative SINEMA . 
would require the IG to identify problem employees at the VA, and it would prohibit the VA from giving performance pay to these identified employees. 
I believe this amendment could compromise the integrity of the VA inspector general and the ability of the VA IG to investigate whistleblower complaints and bring to light problems at the VA. 
to concentrate its efforts on identifying bad managers by name rather than focusing on recommending solutions to problems and conducting thorough and complete investigations. 
submitted to the VA would interject Congress into the very manner in which the IG drafts and finalizes reports. This change would call into question the integrity of the investigations that Congress relies on to shape policy and to find solutions. 
Finally, I believe that this amendment is vaguely drafted and that it raises more questions than it seeks to answer. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ), the chairman of 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, once again, Members who saw this go through regular order last year through the committee and then pass the full House are now in opposition. 
amendment. He has been the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health since the 113th Congress. It is a position that I offered him based on his dedication to our Nation’s veterans. Dr. BENISHEK ’s 
amendment to the VA Accountability Act of 2015 contains the text of his bill, 
Veterans Act is a bipartisan piece of legislation that is supported by many veterans’ service organizations. His amendment would require the inspector general to be transparent with Congress about the reports that are written about VA facilities and programs and the changes that are being made to those reports at the VA’s behest. 
the VA to provide the name of the VA employee who is responsible for implementing recommendations issued by the IG, to direct that employee to take action, and to prohibit the VA from paying a bonus or a performance award to that employee if appropriate action is not taken. In the most recent semiannual report to Congress, the VA inspector general reported that 1,150 recommendations were left open by the Department of Veterans Affairs. That is not acceptable. 
the quality of care and services delivered to our veterans. 
amendment is a commonsense amendment that will bring accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs. The amendment, based on a bill that Dr. BENISHEK and I introduced, the Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act, requires the VA to address problems identified by the VA Office of Inspector General, and it ensures that individual managers are held accountable if issues remain unresolved. 
each covered VA inspector general report, the Secretary of the VA assign specific managers who will be responsible for fixing specific problems identified within the IG’s report. The Secretary must give the responsible managers appropriate counseling and plans of action to resolve each covered issue. Bonuses cannot be paid if a covered issue remains unresolved, and how a manager responds to the challenge will be included in that individual’s performance evaluation. 
by the VA inspector general over and over, from wait times to medical staffing, remain unresolved by the VA. This amendment will hold the VA Secretary and senior management accountable for ensuring these warnings are not ignored again. 
We have a long way to go to change 
the system and culture of the VA, and I will continue working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that veterans come first. 
for their leadership and for their work on veterans’ issues. I especially thank 
from Michigan has 2 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from California has 2
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
Chairman, this measure has significant applicability to the ‘‘right here, right now’’ problems associated with the VA. Specifically, I am going to cite the oversight efforts involving the Philadelphia VA Regional Office. 
Philadelphia VA problems were first reported. We have an IG report; we have an AIB report; and we have egregious allegations that have been proven true. Yet, as a Member of Congress who represents tens of thousands of veterans who rely on the Philadelphia VA for benefits and services, I still don’t have answers. I still don’t know who is responsible or know of all of the specific misconduct and behaviors or know of the repercussions for the employees who are responsible. 
over the VA need updating to reflect that there must be transparency when investigating and disciplining bad employees. This amendment and this bill move us in the right direction towards accountability and transparency. 
no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ). 
For far too long, the VA has condoned an apathetic culture that encourages its employees to ignore their duties and to cover up serious problems. 
includes my home State of Louisiana, admitted to inappropriately denying hundreds of veterans’ medical care claims. When my office asked how many veterans’ claims were being inappropriately denied, we were met with excuses and obfuscation. That is completely unacceptable. 
amendment would prevent bonuses and performance awards for VA employees who fail to fix these problems. This provision is similar to an amendment I offered to the VA appropriations measure this past April. No small business in Louisiana would survive by allowing employees with such poor success rates to earn bonuses. I believe this is one of the most effective ways we can force accountability on this overly bureaucratic agency. 
I thank Chairman MILLER and Chairman B ENISHEK for their efforts in this 
amendment and hold the VA accountable for their inadequate and unacceptable performance. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–234. 
an amendment in the nature of a substitute at the desk. 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair VA Accountability Act’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 713 the following new section: 
for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety 
the Department of Veterans Affairs if the Secretary determines the performance or misconduct of the employee is a clear and direct threat to public health or safety; and 
before a decision adverse to the employee is made final; and 
section shall be in addition to the authority provided under section 713 and title 5 with respect to disciplinary actions for performance or misconduct. 
total amount of basic pay that such employee would have received during the period that the suspension and removal (as the case may be) was in effect, less any amounts earned by the employee through other employment during that period. 
‘employee’ means any individual occupying a position within the Department of Veterans Affairs under a permanent or indefinite appointment and who is not serving a probationary or trial period.’’. 
beginning of such chapter is amended by adding after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: 
performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety.’’. 
of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on suspensions and removals of employees of the Department made under section 715 of title 38, 
health or safety that caused such suspensions and removals. 
covered individual on administrative leave, or any other type of paid nonduty status without charge to leave, for more than a total of 14 days during any 365day period. 
purposes of determining whether such individual should be subject to any disciplinary action under this title or title 5; or 
is proposed or initiated under this title or title 5. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter 7 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to suspend and remove employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety.’’. 
House Resolution 388, the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) and a 
from California. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, in Congress, we can all agree that greater accountability is sorely needed within the Department of Veterans Affairs. We are all outraged that VA employees whose misconduct has harmed veterans have remained in their jobs. Last summer, we were all horrified that the VA medical centers in Phoenix and elsewhere manipulated patient wait times. This spring, in Denver, we were frustrated by the huge cost overruns with no real accountability. 
I agree with my Republican colleagues that the VA must do a better job of using its existing authorities to hold bad employees, such as these, accountable. Unfortunately, this lack of accountability has overshadowed the excellent work of the vast majority of VA employees—over a third of them veterans themselves, whose genuine caring and tireless efforts honor veterans’ service to our Nation. I believe it is wrong to assume VA employees are guilty until proven innocent, and I believe that H.R. 1994 is the wrong way to achieve greater accountability at the VA. 
amendment in the nature of a substitute to H.R. 1994. The text of my amendment is based on my bill, H.R. 2999, the Fair VA Accountability Act. I urge all of my colleagues to support it today. 
My substitute would provide real accountability at the VA in a manner that preserves the important due process rights of VA employees and protects our veterans, and my substitute would improve the status quo by giving VA an additional accountability mechanism. 
fire, without pay, any VA employee whose misconduct presents a clear and present danger to public health and safety while providing adequate due process on the back end for such employees. 
Court precedent regarding constitutional due process for Federal employees and mirrors a similar Department of Defense provision. 
VA employee’s behavior threatened veterans’ health or safety, VA could immediately fire that employee. Current law only allows VA to ask such an employee to leave work while still receiving pay. 
My substitute would also cap paid administrative leave at 14 days so VA employees would not sit at home and collect a paycheck while fighting a disciplinary action. 
VA whistleblowers by protecting existing laws and requiring the VA to backpay any whistleblower unjustly fired for reporting wrongdoing. 
the VA with the tools it needs to remove dangerous employees immediately and protect the health and safety of veterans and others, and my bill does so in a way which preserves important concepts of due process for VA employees. 
These employees live in our communities and States. They are our friends and neighbors and sometimes our family members. Ensuring basic American notions of fairness is what my amendment in the nature of a substitute provides and, frankly, what H.R. 1994 does not. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
thank the gentleman for his amendment in the nature of a substitute, but at this time I have to oppose it. 
believe that we need to provide real accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs. But as I said at our committee markup when he offered an almost identical amendment, this substitute fails to achieve true accountability. 
amendment, which would limit administrative leave for all employees to 14 days, and I agree with this commonsense policy. But I would note that this limitation language is already included in my bill, H.R. 1994. 
lies within section 2, which would dramatically change the standard and the process set up in my bill of removing VA employees. 
Secretary the authority to remove an employee if they represent a ‘‘clear and direct threat to public health or safety,’’ which is almost an unobtainable, if not immeasurable, bar to reach. 
it almost impossible for the Secretary to remove any employee under this new authority, thereby ensuring that the current stalemate that exists with the civil service rules would continue. 
ago, maintaining the status quo is not acceptable. I would submit that the standard of a clear and direct threat to public health and safety would not apply to those employees involved with many of today’s ongoing scandals at the VA, including the cost overruns of the Denver hospital; the budget shortfall that we are going to vote to fix later today, a $3 billion budget fix; the manipulation of data at the Philadelphia regional office; the allegations of inappropriate use of government purchase cards to the tune of $6 billion; the allegations of employees at the Los Angeles regional office once again inappropriately shredding veterans’ claim information; and the many other egregious actions that continue to come to light at VA almost every single day. 
our veterans expect to be held accountable, but the standard proposed in this substitute would not give the Secretary the authority to provide the accountability we all know that VA desperately needs. 
procedures that are laid out in the substitute to actually remove these employees. 
that I have laid out in my bill, which set definitive timelines to remove someone while maintaining the due process and maintaining appeal rights, the procedures laid out in this substitute could allow an employee to be on indefinite suspension for months, if not years, awaiting a hearing for the Secretary’s final decision. 
by my colleagues on the other side that passage of H.R. 1994 would return to a spoils or an atwill employment system. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
the party in power to hire anyone, usually partisan supporters, that they want to reward for their political support with a Federal job. In contrast, H.R. 1994 has no effect on the current hiring process. 
Second, a spoils or a patronage system makes all employees at will and subject to firing for any or even no reason. Again, that is hardly the case in my bill. H.R. 1994 requires proof in the form of poor performance or misconduct. 
Secretary to report the reasons for any such removals to Congress within 30 days. 
Third, in a spoils system, a fired employee has no right of appeal. In contrast, under H.R. 1994, fired employees still have due process rights, including 45 days to appeal their firing to the Merit Systems Protection Board. 
no such thing as paid administrative leave. You are fired, gone with no pay. 
Under civil service rules, a poorperforming employee can be placed on administrative leave for essentially an unlimited time, as we have seen with several miscreants identified during our investigations. 
limit the Secretary’s authority to put someone on paid administrative leave to 14 days, at which time the Secretary must bring that person back to Active Duty. 
protections for whistleblowers. In an atwill system, employees may or may not be covered by whistleblower protection, employee discrimination, et cetera, type laws, depending on the type of employer. 
are protected by both of these types of laws, plus the procedures and additional protections created under section 4 of my bill. 
Employees cannot be removed without OSC approval if an open case exists, and employees cannot be removed or demoted if they have an open case under the new process that is laid out in section 4 until the Office of Accountability review makes a final determination. 
amendment set a standard for removal that is not relevant to a majority of the issues that we see at the Department, it keeps intact the long and arduous timeline before a final approval is complete. This is not fair to veterans, to the Department, or to the employee in question. 
with the whistleblower protections that are laid out in this substitute or 
protections made in this amendment says that a whistleblower may receive backpay if the Merit Systems Protection Board ultimately decides they were removed for blowing the whistle. 
protections on the front end, but it would also strip out all of the whistleblower protections I have included in section 4 of my bill. 
tall task to restore trust and to rebuild the VA. We have to give him every tool possible to complete that mission. This amendment does not come close to giving him the tool that he needs today. 
support change and stand with veterans, not the bureaucrats and the special interest groups and the status quo. I urge Members to oppose the Takano substitute. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, my 
good friend and colleague, Chairman MILLER of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, has implied that my clear and present danger standard in the substitute that I have offered is too narrow and does not give the Secretary enough tools to dismiss bad employees. I respectfully disagree. 
Particularly in the case of the Phoenix VA, the hospital’s director, Sharon Helman, clearly posed a threat to the health and safety of veterans. Under my substitute, she would have been immediately removed. 
the other side of the aisle cited a crackhouse case where a VA employee took a veteran to a crackhouse. 
present standard, the health and safety standard that we have put forward, would clearly have addressed that employee and would have made that employee immediately dismissible. 
does have current title 5 procedures that they have been using to remove poorperforming employees. 
them better, to use the tools that they have. I remind my colleagues that last 
year 872 permanent employees were removed, 487 more resigned in lieu of being fired, and 958 probationary employees were terminated. 
scandal emerged out of Phoenix was because we do have protections for whistleblowers. They could be strengthened. 
Nevertheless, the current civil service protections, the due process protections, afforded those employees the security to move forward and to come forward as whistleblowers. 
a substitute fixes the deficiencies of my good friend Chairman MILLER ’s bill. 
bill puts extra barriers in front of whistleblowers in coming forward. It complicates and makes more cumbersome their ability to come forward. 
threat of dismissal and immediately losing your livelihood, that is a huge, huge barrier to your coming forward as a whistleblower. 
do. It would make everyone in the VA an atwill employee. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT), the chairman 
of the subcommittee that has jurisdiction over the VA budget. 
amendment. But I want to express my gratitude to the chairman for the work that he and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee have done, all the work they have put into this legislation to prevent another VA catastrophe by making sure that the Choice Act funds we appropriated last year can be used for related veterans’ community care expenditures. 
hospital or care for any veteran will be jeopardized due to the VA’s continuing mismanagement of the influx of patients that followed last year’s passage of the Choice Act. 
VA with all the resources they require to provide timely, quality care to our veterans and their loved ones. 
we were informed by the Department that there was a shortfall of the magnitude of almost $3.4 billion, and here we are today remedying this problem. 
is sorely needed: the consolidation of the myriad programs VA uses to provide care outside their facilities. 
are confused. Doctors are confused. Reimbursement rates are not standardized. 
VA care program is thriving so that patients can get the highquality care they deserve in their homes, in their 
Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies, I will continue to devote time and attention to pinpointing the VA’s future funding needs and maintaining vigilant oversight of their appropriated taxpayer dollars. 
give us accurate and ontime information and engage with Congress in a transparent and timely manner. We cannot and should not continue to lurch from one VA funding crisis to another. 
What we have seen is terrible management and a terrible disservice to our veterans by the VA in many of 
these cases; we need to fix it. I believe the Secretary is a good and honorable man trying to do his best, but the taxpayers deserve better, and our veterans most assuredly do. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ), the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
be clear. I am just amazed that, on the last day of the session, we are spending the entire afternoon discussing H.R. 1994—a bill that the Senate will not pick up; and if, by some miracle, it passed, the President would veto it— when there are so many other things that we could be discussing. 
which will give the Secretary the authority to run the VA like a business, which is what we keep saying? 
The accountability substitute is offered today because it brings real accountability to the VA while maintaining constitutionality due process protection for civil service employees. 
At the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs over the past 2 years, we have learned of widespread mismanagement and—let me emphasize—lack of training at the VA. The problems that the VA has have gone back for many years, over 30. Maybe if we had adequately funded VA, they would have fewer problems. 
1994, which attempts to increase accountability by allowing VA to immediately fire any employee for misconduct with only limited due process. The substitute increases accountability by allowing VA to immediately suspend, without pay, any employee whose misconduct posed a direct threat to veterans’ health and safety. 
Unlike H.R. 1994, the substitute provides sufficient due process rights to meet constitutional requirements by providing an accused employee with a fair chance to tell their side of the story. I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. May I inquire how much time is remaining on my side? 
from Florida has 1 minute remaining. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for my amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, what this amendment does is basically gut H.R. 1994, which is an accountability bill that provides the Secretary with a desperately needed tool in order to hold people accountable within the Department. 
the 11 veterans service organizations that support the removal authority: American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, Student Veterans of America, Military Order of the Purple Heart, Military Officers Association of America, Reserve Officers Association, Concerned Veterans for America, and AMVETS. 
successfully removed three VA employees for reasons related to the wait time manipulation in the VA scandal that was brought to everybody’s attention back in April. 
Here are those that oppose the accountability bill: the American Federation of Government Employees and the National Treasury Employees Union. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. RODNEY  
the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 3236. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 388, I call up the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
The question of consideration was decided in the affirmative. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 388, the bill is considered read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
Fund excise taxes on liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, and compressed natural gas. 
Department of Veterans Affairs to improve access to care. 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 29, 2015’’. 
total amount authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for programs, projects, and activities for fiscal year 2014 
under divisions A and E of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141) and title 23, United States Code (excluding chapter 4 of that title); and 
the total amount authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for programs, projects, and activities for fiscal year 2015 under divisions A and E of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141) and title 23, United States Code (excluding chapter 4 of that title).’’. 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 202 note) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $24,986,301 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $2,377,049 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
through ‘‘to carry out programs’’ and inserting the following: 
2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, shall be distributed, administered, limited, and made available for obligation in the same manner and at the same levels as 
of funds authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for fiscal year 2015, to carry out programs’’. 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’; 
through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then multiplied by 
period’’ and inserting ‘‘, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then multiplied by 
striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2014 and for the period beginning on October 
1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’; and 
such unobligated balance’’ and inserting ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, that is equal to 
Section 1002 of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1842) is amended— 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’; and 
beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses under the heading ‘Federal Highway Administration’ in appropriations Acts that apply, respectively, to that fiscal year and period.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’; and 
‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $2,377,049 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $316,940 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2014 and $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2015 and $79,235 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015, and $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; and 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $20,821,918 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015, and $1,980,874 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015, and $2,377,049 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
$7,158,575,342 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$8,595,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $681,024,590 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’; 
$107,274,521 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$128,800,000 for fiscal 2015, and $10,205,464 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $8,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2013 through 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
$3,713,505,753 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,458,650,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $353,281,011 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
$215,132,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$258,300,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $20,466,393 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $2,377,049 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and $16,657,534 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $1,584,699 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $237,705 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,206,575 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $305,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
$1,803,927,671 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,165,900,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $171,615,027 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
$356,304,658 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$427,800,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $33,896,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; and 
$438,009,863 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$525,900,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $41,669,672 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $554,645 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $554,645 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
$86,619,178 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$104,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $8,240,437 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’; 
and 2014 and $54,553,425 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $5,189,891 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $316,940 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 30, 2015’’. 
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is hereby appropriated— 
on the mortgage as of the beginning of such calendar year, 
the case of property without an address) of the property which secures the mortgage, and’’. 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements required to be furnished, after December 31, 2016. 
Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
of which has been determined for purposes of the tax imposed by chapter 11 on the estate of such decedent, such value, and 
apply to any property whose inclusion in the decedent’s estate increased the liability for the tax imposed by chapter 11 (reduced by credits allowable against such tax) on such estate. 
a return under section 6018 and such value is not contested by the Secretary before the expiration of the time for assessing a tax under chapter 11, 
regulations provide exceptions to the application of this subsection.’’. 
subchapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting after section 6034A the following new section: 
on which the return under section 6018 was required to be filed (including extensions, if any), or 
‘‘(ii) the date which is 30 days after the 
prescribe such regulations as necessary to carry out this section, including regulations relating to— 
tenant or other recipient may have better information than the executor regarding the basis or fair market value of the property.’’. 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (GG), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (HH) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6034A the following new item: 
made by this section shall apply to property with respect to which an estate tax return is 
filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
reason of an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis is an omission from gross income; and’’, and 
an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis)’’ in clause (iii) (as so redesignated) after ‘‘In determining the amount omitted from gross income’’. 
the period specified in section 6501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to such amendments) for assessment of the taxes with respect to which such return relates has not expired as of such date. 
of 6072 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as precedes the second sentence thereof is amended to read as follows: 
section 6031 and returns of S corporations under sections 6012 and 6037 made on the basis of the calendar year shall be filed on or before the 15th day of March following the close of the calendar year, and such returns made on the basis of a fiscal year shall be filed on or before the 15th day of the third month following the close of the fiscal year.’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and inserting ‘‘fourth month’’. 
striking ‘‘third month’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘fourth month’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘3d month’’ and inserting ‘‘4th month’’. 
of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and inserting ‘‘fourth month’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and inserting ‘‘fourth month’’. 
of section 6655 of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘3rd month’’ and inserting ‘‘4th month’’. 
FISCAL YEARS ENDING ON JUNE 30 .—In the case 
of any C corporation with a taxable year ending on June 30, the amendments made by this subsection shall apply to returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. 
years beginning after December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s designee, shall modify appropriate regulations to provide as follows: 
of partnerships filing Form 1065 shall be a 6 month period ending on September 15 for calendar year taxpayers. 
of trusts filing Form 1041 shall be a 5
month period ending on September 30 for calendar year taxpayers. 
of employee benefit plans filing Form 5500 shall be an automatic 3
1⁄2month period ending on November 15 for calendar year plans. 
of organizations exempt from income tax filing Form 990 (series) shall be an automatic 6 month period ending on November 15 for calendar year filers. 
of organizations exempt from income tax that are required to file Form 4720 returns of excise taxes shall be an automatic 6month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
of trusts required to file Form 5227 shall be an automatic 6month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
6069, Return of Excise Tax on Excess Contributions to Black Lung Benefit Trust Under Section 4953 and Computation of Section 192 Deduction, shall be an automatic 6 month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
required to file Form 8870 shall be an automatic 6month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
the case of any return for a taxable year of a C corporation which ends on December 31 and begins before January 1, 2026, the first sentence of this subsection shall be applied by substituting ‘5 months’ for ‘6 months’. In the case of any return for a taxable year of a C corporation which ends on June 30 and begins before January 1, 2026, the first sentence of this subsection shall be applied by 
made by this subsection shall apply to returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
FUND EXCISE TAXES ON LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS, LIQUEFIED PETROLEUM GAS, AND COMPRESSED NATURAL GAS. 
18.3 cents per energy equivalent of a gallon of gasoline, and’’. 
the term ‘energy equivalent of a gallon of gasoline’ means, with respect to a liquefied petroleum gas fuel, the amount of such fuel having a Btu content of 115,400 (lower heating value). For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Btu content of 115,400 (lower heating value) is equal to 5.75 pounds of liquefied petroleum gas.’’. 
24.3 cents per energy equivalent of a gallon of diesel.’’. 
term ‘energy equivalent of a gallon of diesel’ means, with respect to a liquefied natural gas fuel, the amount of such fuel having a Btu content of 128,700 (lower heating value). For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Btu content of 128,700 (lower heating value) is equal to 6.06 pounds of liquefied natural gas.’’. 
the term ‘energy equivalent of a gallon of gasoline’ means 5.66 pounds of compressed natural gas.’’. 
made by this section shall apply to any sale or use of fuel after December 31, 2015. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘VA Budget 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO IMPROVE ACCESS TO CARE. 
care and services that incorporates the strengths of the nonDepartment provider programs into a single streamlined program that the Secretary administers uniformly in each Veterans Service Integrated Network and throughout the medical system of the Veterans Health Administration. 
to be paid to health care providers under such program. 
will determine the eligibility requirements of health care providers at nonDepartment facilities to participate in such program, including how the Secretary plans to structure a nonDepartment care network to allow the maximum amount of flexibility in providing care and services under the program. 
used to ensure that the Secretary will fully comply with all requirements of chapter 39 of title 31, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Prompt Payment Act’’), in paying for such care and services furnished at nonDepartment facilities. 
nonDepartment providers such medical records and any other relevant information. 
plans to ensure an efficient transition to such program for veterans who participate in the nonDepartment provider programs, including a timeline, milestones, and estimated costs for implementation, outreach, and training. 
1, 2015, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing— 
provider program and the statutory authority for each such program; 
proposals the Secretary determines necessary to implement such plan. 
has the meaning given that term in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code. 
programs’’ means each program administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under which the Secretary enters into contracts or other agreements with health care providers at nonDepartment facilities to furnish hospital care and medical services to veterans, including pursuant to the following: 
of the Indian Health Service, or any the head of any other department or agency of the Federal Government; or 
including under sections 1725 and 1728 of title 38, United States Code. 
that is designated for hospital care and medical services furnished at nonDepartment facilities; and 
from the Veterans Choice Fund established by section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1802). 
802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1802) is amended— 
‘‘(ii) an identification of such amounts listed by the nonDepartment provider program for which the amounts were used. 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and 
has the meaning given that term in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code. 
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(but for a period not exceeding 60 days)’’. 
enrollment system of the Department of Veterans Affairs established and operated under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code, including any such veteran who has not received hospital care or medical services from the Department and has contacted the Department seeking an initial appointment from the Department for the receipt of such care or services; and’’; and 
case’’ and all that follows through ‘‘, when’’ and insert ‘‘When’’. 
Health Administration for the furnishing of such care or services; or 
that are clinically necessary, the period determined necessary for such care or services if such period is shorter than such waittime goals;’’. 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
pilot program is conducted for each such initial facility; 
the appropriate congressional committees a report containing the following: 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and 
means the pilot demonstration program approved by the Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Health in August 2010 and by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in September 2010 to provide dialysis care to patients at certain outpatient facilities operated by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
of the four outpatient facilities identified by the Secretary to participate in the dialysis pilot program prior to the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRA TION.—Solely for purposes of determining 
whether an employer is an applicable large employer under this paragraph for any month, an individual shall not be taken into account as an employee for such month if such individual has medical coverage for such month under— 
chapter 17 or 18 of title 38, United States Code, as determined by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary.’’. 
made by this subsection shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
made by this subsection shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs. 
(Mr. SHUSTER ), the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO), the gentleman 
from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN), the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M ILLER ), and the gentlewoman 
3236 is a 3month clean extension to the surface transportation legislation. It is the right thing to do. 
It gives the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Ways and Means the time to work out a longterm solution to the surface transportation bill, which we need to pass for the health of this country. 
Representatives the ability to do its constitutional duty to be heard on important legislation that is important to all 50 States and all 435 congressional districts. 
direct anyone interested in this legislation to my remarks on the 5month bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask all 
435 Members of the House to support H.R. 3236 with a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the prior chair. We think this is the right solution. This is very similar to the bill we passed earlier. We believe this gives us the time we need to try and put together a longterm highway solution. That is why we are in favor of this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I 
Mr. Speaker, here we are with another shortterm extension of the highway trust fund. It is silly; it is counterproductive. Anybody who knows anything knows this is ridiculous. They say we have got to have time to work out a compromise. How many years do you need time? 
When I served in the State legislature in my home State of Washington, a businessman once told me that businessowners don’t care what the rate is or how long; they just want to know how long they have to deal with something. 
of planning in this country when they get 1, 2, and 3month extensions? This is the 25th time that we have done a 
shortterm extension of the highway trust fund. Put another way, this is the 25th time the Congress has shirked its responsibility to the taxpayers and businesses to provide reliable transportation infrastructure across this country. 
I was reminded of a tube of toothpaste that lays in my bathroom. It is about onethird gone. All of you have one of these at home that is laying there. 
squeezing it one more time. You say: Can I get one more brush out of this? Will I get one more? Can I get one more? That is what we have been doing here. We are squeezing the tube one more time. We are going to be back. 
is going to be back; it is going to be back in November or December. We are going to be right back down here squeezing to get a little bit. 
Now, my belief is that it is time that 
we stop this. It is time for a longterm funding bill, and we should have done it this time. 
worse, they wrap in the toothpaste tube of the Veterans Administration. 
Let’s give a little bit of money here, a little bit of money there; and we will see if we can kind of move it along and then stay out of trouble. We never fix anything here. 
halfempty toothpaste tube. I will probably vote with everybody else because you don’t want the Veterans Administration to be having problems and you don’t want the hospital construction to stop. 
We will vote for it, but it is foolish, 
and it is a statement about the failure of the Republican Party to deal with major issues. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ), a member of the 
the chairman. I come to the floor today to talk about our bill, H.R. 2514, the Help Veterans Save for Health Care Act, which is part of the legislation now before us. 
former POW, it is no secret I am a proud advocate for America’s veterans. They bravely served our country. They deserve the best care when they return home. Unfortunately, the VA has failed to uphold its end of the bargain. We have been working hard to fix it. 
the IRS—has also let down our veterans. Right now, the IRS prohibits veterans from contributing to a health savings account for a period of time if they choose to get care at the VA. 
Americans to save and pay for medical expenses; yet, here, we have the IRS standing in the way of veterans, keeping them from getting the care they want, need, and deserve. That is wrong. 
to choose between getting care at the VA for a serviceconnected disability or being able to save for health care, including their families. My bill would allow veterans to do both. 
from both sides of the aisle for their support. I would also like to thank the chairman for working with me on this, but most importantly, I want to personally thank each of our veterans who faithfully serve to protect this great Nation. 
Let’s get this done. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS). 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentleman. I agree that we are squeezing and squeezing and extending and extending when we know better and we know the difference. We know that we could have a meaningful solution to the problem that we face. We know it. We come and we kick the can a little bit, add a little bit more to it. 
Like him, I am going to vote for it. 
But I am going to vote for it not because I think it is the best approach; I am going to vote for it because I want to see construction crews continue to work. I want to see families who are looking for paychecks be able to continue to get them. 
I am going to vote for it because I 
want to see roads and bridges and highways repaired. I want to see veterans be able to go to the doctor and not wonder whether or not the doctor is going to be there to take care of them. 
So, yes, I will vote for it; and I will 
look up and see that we will be back in December voting again, but we do what we have to do. We have to keep America working. I will vote for it to keep America working. 
When I got on the plane from Seattle, we were supposed to be here on Friday. By the time I landed at Dulles Airport, they had already given away Friday. We weren’t going to have any votes on Friday. So now the week is 1 day short. They continued to ineptly manage this place in such a way, Mr. Speaker, that they are now giving away Thursday. 
They want to get out of here. They don’t want the American people to see what they are really doing. 
issue, what is making us uncompetitive in the rest of the world is that everywhere else they are spending money on infrastructure. People know you have to have roads, you have to have high speed stuff in the ground that will carry a little bit of a message here and 
there. All that wiring, all that stuff that we could be doing, we should be doing. We should be planning. But there isn’t any State that can plan with this kind of a highway bill. 
today that is right? Well, because the Senate has come up with a great proposal. They have a 6year authorization, but they come up with 3 years of money. How does a State plan with that? We are authorized for 6 years out to whatever that would be, and we are going to wind up only getting money for 3 years. How do we do bond issues in the State when we don’t know what the Feds are going to do? This kind of planning makes government fail. And it is what the Republicans want: a Federal Government that fails. 
Now, there was a guy named Eisenhower. When he became President, he came in and said: You know something? This country needs roads. And he created the entire system. He was a Republican from Kansas, of all places, and he understood what the country needed to move forward. 
we need to do is elect Republicans. By God, if we get Republicans, we will get what we need in this country. Well, I don’t know if they knew what they were voting for, but what they got is a Senate and House that can’t come up with a highway bill. They have been here for 8 months. Everybody knows we need it. The sources of revenue are not mysteries. 
Russell Long used to say about taxation: ‘‘Don’t tax you, don’t tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree.’’ 
tree. We are going to have to raise some taxes to do what is necessary. 
that money overseas. Maybe we can get those guys who have got that overseas money and bring it back and fund this. I guess they are behind the tree. But they also live here, so they are not really behind the tree. 
December or whenever this thing ends. It doesn’t really make any difference. We will come back here, and we will get out our toothpaste tube and we will squeeze a little bit more out of it just to see if we can brush our teeth one more time. That is what this is about. We have done it on issue after issue here, and somebody has to call the Republican Party on this. 
The American people should understand, they are not serious about running government for the things that affect ordinary human beings. A transit system in a State is absolutely important. As cities get more crowded and more crowded and there is no parking, if you don’t have a transit system that works, you can’t have development. Everybody wants development. 
the development? Out in the bushes? No. You are going to put it in the city where the people live. But if they can’t move around and get to the jobs, you 
have got terrible problems. In every city and everybody’s district, if you have got a city with over 50,000, you have got problems with traffic, and yet we can’t get a transportation bill out of here that goes for more than 3 months. Now, that is pathetic. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I disagree with the gentleman. I think we should pass this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
I have no speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
chairman for his continued bipartisan work on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. We all want to do what is best for the veterans, and the chairman has continued to work toward that goal. 
the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement, the committee laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington Cemetery in honor of our fallen military members. Today, we need more than a ceremony. We should honor our veterans now by passing H.R. 3236. 
addresses the $3 million shortfall for fiscal year 2015 at the VA and keeps hospitals and medical facilities open for our veterans through the end of the fiscal year. Let me repeat that. It will allow the VA to keep hospitals and clinics open for our veterans through the end of this fiscal year. 
$3.348 billion that was appropriated for the Choice Program to use for nonVA care, to pay for health care provided to veterans and family members under the programs provided by nonVA providers from May 1 to October 1, 2015. The VA has completed more than 56 million appointments between June 1, 2014, and May 31, 2015. That is 2.6 million more than the same time last year. 
billion from the Choice fund and $348 million from other unobligated accounts. Of that amount, $500 million may be used for pharmaceutical expenses related to the treatment of hepatitis C at the VA. This is a cure that many of our veterans need, especially those who served in Vietnam. 
Secretary has testified before the VA committee, and he has consistently been asking for the authority to run the VA like a business. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Ranking Member BROWN , and, of 
Appropriations MILCON–VA Subcommittee, where I serve as ranking member. 
within the highway bill to address the Department of Veterans Affairs’ $3 billion budget shortfall for veterans’ health care in FY 2015. Without this legislation, the VA could run out of money by September. Costs have exploded by more than 10 percent in the last year as a result of higher demand, while the budget increased by only 2.8 percent. 
have increased. For example, due to the new lifesaving hepatitis C medicine costing as much as $1,000 for a single pill, the VA’s $700 million FY 2015 budget for hepatitis C has already been exceeded with more than 2 months left in the fiscal year. 
how the sequester caps imposed by the Budget Control Act and locked in by the Republican budget constrain our ability to deal with issues responsibly and in a timely manner. It is well past time that we come to the table to break the cycle of irresponsible funding levels that are shortchanging our veterans’ health care. 
MILCON–VA Appropriations bill adds $970 million for VA medical care advance appropriations within the FY 2015 bill, the amount still remains $330 million below the VA request, most likely leading to another budget shortfall in FY 2016. Today’s bill is only a BandAid, a temporary solution, because of budget caps. 
the new reality of increased demand and higher costs, delivery of healthcare services to millions of currently enrolled veterans will be devastated for the foreseeable future. 
continues to function under these budgets caps, we will see more gaps in access, utilization, safety, and, ultimately, a lower standard of care. Even further, the caps limit Congress’ options to create jobs, keep our communities safe, research lifesaving medical treatments, and give our children a better education. 
to ensure that veterans continue to receive the care which they have earned, but we cannot continue to govern in this fashion. Today, we must take the next step towards a more responsible budgeting process so we can eventually stop lurching from one crisis to the next. To do so, the budget caps must be directly addressed in order to properly invest in veterans’ health care as well as advance other priorities assisting hardworking Americans. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
these disparate subjects lumped together on the floor with truncated debate. I want to speak to just one element that we are discussing here today, and that deals with the extension of transportation funding. 
the 34th shortterm extension of the surface transportation bill. What country became great building its infrastructure 8 months at a time? 6 months at a time? a year at a time? It is a failure on the part of Congress to be able to understand that you cannot pay for 2015 infrastructure needs with 1993 dollars—the last time we adjusted the user fee, the gas tax that supports the highway trust fund. 
I do see a little tiny glimmer of daylight with the 3month extension. I have personally been urging the President to indicate that this is the last extension that he will sign. 
The House Ways and Means Committee could pass a funding measure in a week if we would roll up our sleeves. We have legislation there that is supported by the U.S. Chamber, AFL–CIO, by truckers, transit, the AAA, a wide array of people who say: Step up, raise our user fee, fund the transportation system, and do it right. 
We used to have the finest infrastructure in the world. Now, we are about 25th in the world and falling further. 
would spend a week listening to the people who build, maintain, operate, and use our infrastructure, we could come to a resolution. 
job, sending clear signals about transportation funding, the appropriating committee, the T&I, if they knew what they were working with, could come forth with a bill easily in 2 months, so we wouldn’t have to continue this charade. 
of people to work at familywage jobs in every city around the country; we would meet our obligations, and we would stop this shameful exercise of abrogating our responsibility to rebuild and renew. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Florida has 3 minutes remaining. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. I believe that the Secretary needs 
that authority. In addition to solving the fiscal crisis, this bill will enable the Secretary to run VA more like a business, and that, Mr. Speaker, means a more efficient VA and better care for our veterans. 
support this legislation to ensure that our veterans are taken care of. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
Mr. Speaker, only 2 weeks ago, buried in a letter from the Deputy Secretary, the Department of Veterans Affairs made a startling announcement. That announcement was, unless Congress intervened, the VA healthcare system would shut down in August, due to a massive budget shortfall that resulted from larger than anticipated demand for nonVA care and increased costs for hepatitis C treatment. 
would be an unprecedented event in these United States’ history. The possibility of a shutdown was never mentioned, even once, during a hearing that I called in late June, where VA first publicly admitted its budget troubles, or during any of the four times that Secretary McDonald testified before Congress this year or anywhere in the quarterly financial plan that VA submitted in March, showing that VA was operating under budget so far this fiscal year. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today, H.R. 
3236 will come to the floor of the House with a critical 3 month extension to the Highway Trust fund as well as changes to Department of Veterans Affairs’ spending authorities. In particular, it contains changes to the Veterans Affairs’ Choice Program that I believe are very important for Guam. It expands eligibility for the program and codifies some of the changes that the VA has made since the inception of the program to make it more accessible to veterans in rural or isolated communities and reduces some barriers to timely care. 
Though this bill is a good step towards better care for our veterans, there are many more improvements that I will continue to work for with my colleagues and the VA. There is still a need for greater flexibility in the reimbursement rate to health care providers which could be an issue on Guam in the near future. Further, there is a need to improve the methods in which our veterans and their records can move back and forth between VA and nonVA providers. Additionally, though I would have preferred to see additional appropriations to cover the shortfall in the other programs that are covering nonVA provided care for our veterans, I have been assured that the movement of funds within the VA accounts will not negatively affect the care our veterans are receiving through the Choice Program and that the transfer is temporary. I will continue to urge the Obama Administration to provide adequate funding for all VA programs, but particularly the Choice program which has a lot of interest and support on Guam. The Choice 
address some of the systemic issues to VA care in isolated areas of the country. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 385, nays 34, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan 
Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amodei Barletta Beyer Bridenstine Buck Byrne Clark (MA) DeGette Garrett Gosar Grothman Hice, Jody B. 
Jones Lummis McClintock McDermott Moulton Mulvaney Neugebauer Pearce Perry Polis Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Salmon Sanford Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Visclosky Walker Weber (TX) Welch 
Messrs. HONDA, HOYER, RICHMOND, CLYBURN, ISRAEL, CLEAVER, KILDEE, JOHNSON of 
Georgia, and YOHO changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
486, I was unavoidably detained in DC traffic while returning from a meeting at the White House. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
486, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
unfortunately, due to circumstances beyond my control, I regretfully missed rollcall vote 486 on July 29th. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
be present for a vote taken on the House floor today, as I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall Vote No. 486. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 388 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1994. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, with Mr. CARTER of Georgia 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–234 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) had been postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 191, noes 233, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zinke 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Brooks (IN) Carney Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Franks (AZ) 
Stated against: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 487, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 388, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. TAKANO. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
H.R. 1994 to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendments 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
makes the VA an atwill workplace, violating longstanding Supreme Court precedent regarding constitutional due process rights and threatening to silence the whistleblowers by creating a culture of fear and intimidation at the VA. 
VA to immediately fire employees for poor performance, making it easier for bad managers to immediately fire 
while providing hardly any opportunity for employees to appeal. 
My friends, this is wrong. This means doctors, nurses, police officers, and so many others can be fired at will and with insufficient recourse. Hardworking, loyal employees who are doing everything in their power to treat the incredible needs of our Nation’s veterans—fired at will. Let me remind you that onethird of all VA employees are veterans. That is more than 100,000 veterans’ livelihoods being put at risk. 
This is wrong. Are there problems with some VA 
employees? Of course there are. The VA has a process to remove these employees. In fact, during the 1year period from July 1, 2014, through July 30, 2015, the VA removed 872 permanent employees, and an additional 487 employees resigned or retired in lieu of being removed. The VA has also terminated 958 probationary employees. For employees accused of harming veterans’ health or safety, the substitute amendment I offered earlier would have allowed for their expedited firing. 
rights of VA employees, we should be providing a fair and constitutionally sound expedited removal process, and we should encourage the VA to use the disciplinary tools it already has at its disposal. 
whistleblowers played in exposing the shocking misconduct at the Phoenix VA, but the Republican bill strips away all current whistleblower protections available to Federal employees under Federal law. That is wrong. 
Under the Republican bill, any whistleblower who has not filed an official complaint can be fired before they even have the opportunity to report danger to patient safety, wrongdoing, malfeasance, or discrimination. That is wrong. 
The Republican whistleblower provisions will encourage bad employees to file for whistleblower status to prevent them from being fired. This will overburden the Office of Special Counsel with frivolous complaints. That is wrong. 
of what it claims to do for whistleblowers. It offers them no protection. In fact, it will let bad employees hide behind whistleblower status to keep from being fired. That is crazy. 
employees who are willing to risk it all to expose flaws and abuses in this system. 
from being fired at will without recourse or retaliation, it is the brave men and women with the courage to stand up and expose the VA’s biggest vulnerability. 
With all due respect, I say to my colleagues anyone who votes against my motion to protect whistleblowers from 
I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
time in a billsigning ceremony, the President of the United States said this: ‘‘If you engage in an unethical practice, if you cover up a serious problem, you should be fired, period.’’ It should not be that difficult. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 241, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Friday, July 31, 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 486, I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
recognize Teen Challenge of Arizona and congratulate them on 50 years of serving our community and those in need. 
Teen Challenge is a faithbased residential recovery program for substance abusers. It is often a last resort for those struggling with drug addiction and other problems. 
Over the last 50 years, Teen Challenge of Arizona has helped an estimated 25,000 people through recovery programs. Their success rate is an astonishing 80 percent, a testament to their committed and caring approach. 
Force Base in Tucson, I was a board member of Teen Challenge of Arizona, and I saw the difference they make 
work with the Springboard Home for Youth in Crisis, a place that provides hope and healing for troubled girls in southern Arizona. 
have had the impact that Teen Challenge of Arizona has had. It was an honor to be able to contribute to their success. I wish them a happy 50th anniversary and many years of continuing success serving our community. They are literally changing and saving lives every single day. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
ago, 65 Republicans joined 54 Democrats in voting ‘‘no’’ on the extension of the highway bill to register their disgust with 33 extensions while the Republican Congress then did zero work on a longterm bill. 
There are now four longterm Democratic bills and one bipartisan bill. However, today’s 34th patchwork extension cannot be applied to even start on the Nation’s backlog without assurance of funds to complete construction. Yet House Republicans have now fled for an early vacation. 
Columbia have passed State user gas fee laws without retaliation by the voters, but the federal share is more than half of the funds needed just to get started. 
The only way to stop the selfinflicted deterioration of our once magnificent infrastructure is to man up and pass a longterm bill. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
and the members of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for their work in helping pass H.R. 1994, which passed the House today. The measure contains commonsense reforms so that any VA employee who engages in misconduct or is performing poorly can be terminated or demoted. 
contains additional important protections for VA whistleblowers. We have worked with several of them over the last couple years out of the Oakland office and other centers that have been retaliated against for speaking out about gross mismanagement and possible violations of law. 
would have with our whistleblowers so they could come forward and help us to have better VA performance. It is very critical we have the ability for them to 
here. I hope the Senate will take it up and pass it so we have better service for our veterans through the VA. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today with a heavy heart to honor the life of Gwendolyn DeBard Strong, who passed away this past Saturday after a heroic, inspiring battle with spinal muscular atrophy. 
Simply put, she is our hero. Gwendolyn died a few months short of her eighth birthday, far exceeding the odds that were given to her at birth. In her short life, she had more of an impact and brought more joy to others than many ever could in their lifetime. 
same things many young girls do— playing princesses with friends, going to school, and spending time with her sister. 
voice to improve the lives of all of us. The Strongs worked hard to end lifetime and annual caps on insurance coverage, improve spinal muscular atrophy research, and promote innovations to make the lives of other children with debilitating diseases a little easier. 
those of us in Santa Barbara and around the country that we should never give up. Thanks to her bravery and the efforts of Bill and Victoria, we never will. 
take solace in knowing that her efforts will continue to help so many others. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
last Sunday, my family and I attended church at the First Baptist Church of Woodstock in Woodstock, Georgia. 
It is not the first time we ever attended that church, as we have worshipped there before; but it is possibly the most memorable time that I will have attended that church because it was at this service that we were having the funeral of Lance Corporal Squire Wells, who is known to his friends and family as Skip. Skip was the youngest of those who were killed in the terrorist attack in Chattanooga. 
Speaker, as we were still miles away from the church, along the sides of the road, we began to see American citizens, citizens of the 11th Congressional 
District lining the road, holding American flags and Marine Corps flags. As we approached closer to the church, the hundreds of people turned into thousands of people. 
500 members of the Patriot Guard Riders, Marine Corps League, the VFW, and the American Legion were standing, lining the sidewalks of this church, bearing American flags to say goodbye and to say thank you to a patriot. 
thank you to Skip Wells—Lance Corporal Wells. Although, to my knowledge, we never met in person, I didn’t know him personally, but I do know the type of person he is because he was a marine, which told me that he held to the highest standards of decorum and morale and integrity. 
He was a Christian who served faithfully in the First Baptist Church of Woodstock, which tells me he had a heart of charity and love. 
to Skip Wells for laying down his life for my freedom, the freedom of my children, and my granddaughter. I want to say thank you to Ms. Cathy Wells, his mom, for raising such a fine person as a single mom raising her only child, who has given his life in defense of this Nation. 
the thousands of people from my district who came out and honored the life of this American patriot. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, this Chamber is doing a great disservice to smallbusiness owners and to hundreds of thousands of American workers by going off to recess for the next 6 weeks without renewing the charter of the U.S. ExportImport Bank. It is the wrong thing to do. 
this Chamber that is blocking the renewal of the ExIm’s charter is absolutely right about one thing. If the U.S. ExIm goes under, all the export business and all the jobs supported by it will be just displaced to other companies. 
rants against the Bank is that the companies that will get this business will be in other countries and the workers who get those goodpaying jobs will be overseas because there are 
some 85 foreign export credit agencies today happy to help the companies in their countries seal the deal. 
We are leaving thousands of American workers at a real competitive disadvantage by leaving the U.S. Export Import Bank in a zombielike status. 
these jobs in America. We should put more Americans to work. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Navy Petty Officer Second Class Randall Smith, who was killed on July 16 during the terrorist attack in Chattanooga. 
Angie, and their three young daughters in Rossville, Georgia, was a model of selfless service. He was a devoted and loving husband and father who prioritized his family above all else. 
an active volunteer, giving back through charities like Stuff the Truck, the Chattanooga Area Food Bank, and providing rescue assistance during Hurricane Sandy. And less than 2 weeks ago, he made the ultimate sacrifice while serving our country. Randall’s selfless sacrifice, sense of duty, and sacrifice serve as an example for all of us. 
A sign at the entrance to the neighborhood where the Smith family lives sums up what I think many are feeling right now. It reads: ‘‘Thank you for your service. Sorry for your loss. You will be remembered.’’ 
I know that our community in northwest Georgia is forever grateful for Randall Smith’s service and sacrifice. May God bless Angie and their three wonderful, beautiful daughters. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
I begin my remarks, it is my pleasure to yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the distinguished minority whip. 
First, let me mention the extraordinary respect I have for the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). 
Americans with Disabilities Act in 1989 and 1990. We passed it in 1990, and it was signed by thenPresident George H.W. Bush. It was called the Americans with Disabilities Act, Mr. Speaker, but in many ways it should have been called the Americans with Abilities Act. It should have been called that because its intent was to focus on what people could do, what people would do, what people wanted to do. 
an extraordinary person with great ability who has a wheelchair. He has a wheelchair because he has a mobility impairment that others of us don’t have. But as we have seen in serving with our colleague JIMLANGEVIN from 
Rhode Island, he is extraordinarily able and he represents his constituency with great energy, with great intellect, and with great integrity. So I am pleased to join him in this Special Order. 
it is not the practice of the House to bring commemorative resolutions to the floor. So we do this Special Order in addition to what we would have hoped would have been the passage of a resolution, but I understand that is the practice. 
The Senate did in fact pass a resolution, sponsored by ORRIN HATCH , PATRICIAMURRAY from Washington State, 
and L AMAR ALEXANDER , commemorating 25 years of progress on the inclusion of those with a challenge that others might not have in our society, all that our society offers and the opportunities that it offers. 
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken on numerous occasions over this last week commemorating the ADA, and I have mentioned a number of names. I would like to do that on the floor of this House, because they were people who were absolutely critical. It is not a comprehensive list. It is, however, a list of people with whom I worked very closely for well over a year on the passage of the ADA. 
First, I would like to mention President George H.W. Bush. This issue was not a partisan issue. President Bush was a Republican; I was a Democrat— and still am. I worked with an extraordinary Republican Member of the House. His name was Steve Bartlett. He was from Texas. He left the House and became mayor of Dallas. He is now still in Washington, working, and we are partners. Every time something happens with respect to the ADA, Steve Bartlett and I work together on it. 
Coelho, a Member of this body, was a person perceived with the disease of epilepsy, but he is one of the most able people that any of us know. Tony Coelho, along with Lowell Weicker, were the original two sponsors of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
Justin Dart. In 1983, Justin Dart visited every State in the Union in his wheelchair, calling attention to State legislatures, Governors, and others of the importance of ensuring the accessibility of places of opportunity for those with disabilities. Yoshiko Dart, his wife, was with him every step of the way and was with us as we worked for the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
legislator—one of the best legislators that I have served with, Mr. Speaker— Bob Dole, a Republican from Kansas, majority and minority leader of the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, when he came to the Senate of the United States, his first speech was about including those with disabilities. He observed that he was an involuntary member of those with disabilities 
as a result of his extraordinary war wounds in Italy in World War II. 
on the EEOC and a professor at Georgetown Law School. She was counsel to myself and Steve Bartlett as we considered the complex issues and tried to make sure that ADA could be implemented by all in a way that was affordable and reasonable for them. 
executive director of the National Council on Disabilities, who worked so closely with us. Also, Boyden Gray, counsel to George Bush, who was a critical ally in this effort. 
Senator Tom Harkin from Iowa, who, after Lowell Weicker left, was the principal sponsor of the ADA and fought hard and effectively on its behalf. 
ORRIN HATCH and Ted Kennedy. Senator Kennedy and Senator H ATCH were 
partners in so many different things, but on this they were aligned and made this bipartisan effort a very successful one. 
Marchand; former Congressman and now Senator EDMARKEY ; Senator J OHN 
Ralph Neas; Katie Neas; Carolyn Osolinik; Becky Ogle; Lee Page; Liz Savage; Bobby Silverstein. Like Melissa Schulman who was my chief staffer as we considered the Americans with Disabilities Act, Bobby Silverstein was Tom Harkin’s chief staffer. 
was so critical, along with his wife, Cheryl Sensenbrenner, who, herself, suffered from a disability and showed such courage in encouraging all of us to support the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
Weicker was a Senator from Connecticut and then Governor of Connecticut; Bob Williams, who was an extraordinary individual who worked so hard; John Wodatch; and last, but certainly not least, Patricia Wright. 
thousands of others, many of whom will not be known but who came here to the Congress of the United States, wrote their Members, called them up, and came to town meetings and forums on behalf of those with disabilities. 
is now used as a sample and has been adopted in some 50 countries throughout the world, perhaps more. There is a disabilities rights convention, which is pending. Only three countries in the world have not signed on to that convention. Unfortunately, we are one. I would hope that the Senate would do that in this Congress. Senator Bob Dole has been an extraordinary proponent of that convention. 
been a beneficiary of the Americans with Disabilities Act and the reasonable accommodations that we ask to be 
through the door, could get on the elevator, could get into this Chamber. And, Mr. Speaker, there is a lift on the rostrum on which you now sit so that JAMES LANGEVIN would be able to preside, if that were in order. In fact, he has been up there and has presided. That is called a reasonable accommodation. And because of those reasonable accommodations, this Congress, his State, and our country have been advantaged. 
careers, most of us who were involved in the adoption of the Americans with Disabilities Act will look back on the adoption of it overwhelmingly by this Congress in a bipartisan fashion and the signing of that act by President George Bush as one of our most important contributions and achievements during our service in the Congress of the United States. 
I thank Mr. LANGEVIN for his extraordinary example for all those in our country to look at the abilities, not the disabilities. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gentleman. Let me express my profound gratitude to the distinguished gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
the distinguished minority whip, for his kind words, Mr. Speaker, but most especially because of his extraordinary commitment and the work that he put in, along with countless others, to actually pass the Americans with Disabilities Act and seeing it signed into law. 
stated, Mr. Speaker, that law has had a profound impact on my life and on countless other lives—and will for generations to come. I thank the gentleman for his extraordinary work. 
list of individuals that the distinguished gentleman from Maryland just read off, some of whom I have had the absolute distinct honor and privilege to meet and to thank personally, and many of whom I will never have the privilege of actually knowing or meeting personally because many have also passed on. 
They made an extraordinary difference in the lives of millions of people, as I said, both now and in future generations to come; and it is with profound gratitude that I thank them for their work. 
marked the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, a tremendous milestone for one of the most significant civil rights laws of the 20th century. 
of the Bipartisan Disabilities Caucus and someone who has lived with the challenges of a disability, both before and after the ADA’s enactment in 1990, I have experienced firsthand the profound changes that this law has affected within our society. When I was paralyzed at the age of 
16, my life changed forever. As I lay in my hospital bed, I wondered what life could possibly have in store for me next, but I drew strength and inspiration from other people with disabilities who had accomplished both great things and small. They taught me that there was life after a disability. 
have the support of my family and my community, whose generosity and concern ultimately made me want to give back to Rhode Island through a career in public service, but accessibility was not yet considered a civil right at that time, and I know many people with disabilities were not as fortunate as I was. 
the rights and protections enshrined in this law. For all of us, the ADA has been a profoundly lifealtering act that has provided new opportunities and fundamentally changed the way society views and treats people with disabilities. 
and psychological barriers. It has opened up opportunities to education, employment, and technology. It has made public transportation more accommodating, improved voting accessibility, and expanded inclusion and justice for millions. 
At its core, this groundbreaking legislation codified the correct collective ideal that no one should suffer discrimination because of a disability. 
conviction that I was pleased to support the passage of the ADA Amendments Act in 2008, after a number of court decisions diluted the definition of what constituted a disability. 
I had the privilege of being with Mr. HOYER and several of the other champions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the original enactment, original authors of the ADA, including Senator Harkin and Cheryl Sensenbrenner. 
President George H.W. Bush and be with his son, President George W. Bush, as President George W. Bush signed that bill into law. It was such an honor for me to be able to personally thank President George H.W. Bush personally for his support and leadership in seeing the original ADA signed into law. 
Act was passed, these rulings, effectively, the Court rulings that took place necessitating this act effectively limited the ADA’s coverage and excluded people with disabling conditions that were not readily visible or apparent, like epilepsy, MS, and various developmental disabilities. 
The ADA Amendments Act reaffirmed the protections of the ADA and upheld the ideals of equality and opportunity on which this country was founded. As a result of these efforts, I am proud that future generations will live in a world that is more inclusive, 
more accessible, and increasingly recognizes the unique talents and abilities of individuals with disabilities. 
As we celebrate our accomplishments, so must we recognize that our work is not finished. Equal employment opportunities and fully integrated community living have not yet been entirely realized. 
In fact, recent data shows that 31 percent of disabled individuals live below the poverty line, and less than 34 percent are fully employed. 
better, and we must. It is more important than ever that we educate businesses and connect them with proper resources to create more employment opportunities. Many people with disabilities have both the desire and the capability to work, as well as exceptional talents to offer. 
Mr. Speaker, let us not see those talents go to waste. I have often said, Mr. Speaker, that people with disabilities are still one of this Nation’s greatest untapped resources, and we need to tap into that talent to see our Nation grow even further. 
Mr. Speaker, their divergent backgrounds, unique experiences and wide ranging talents promote a culture of diversity that doesn’t just play a role in the workplace, but also influences the very nature of our society. With proper awareness, accommodation, and investment, our economy and society can reap countless rewards. 
We must also ensure that transportation is available and accessible to everyone so that they can get to their jobs, the doctor, or the grocery store. 
anyone any good if they can actually apply for a job and get the job, but can’t get to the job, so that needs to improve. 
To help us realize this goal, I have introduced the Transit Accessibility Innovation Act, legislation that would create a competitive grant program to encourage transit systems to make public transportation more accessible and user friendly. 
Mr. Speaker, accessible public transportation is essential in order for people with disabilities to live independently and with full inclusion in their communities. By improving these services, we can improve the quality of life for countless individuals and families. 
independence, we must also ensure that family caregivers of people with disabilities have greater access to critical services like respite care. Respite care provides temporary relief to family members engaged in the fulltime task of caring for their aging or disabled loved ones with special needs. 
often said, are unsung heroes. These caregivers devote so much of their time, energy, and love to their families, but in many cases, they can be often unprepared for these new responsibilities, and the challenges that they 
face can be daunting, from employment difficulties, to financial challenges, to depression and family stress. 
bit of assistance, they can continue to be extraordinary caregivers and fulfill all of the other challenges and responsibilities that a family requires. 
have championed the Lifespan Respite Care Act, Mr. Speaker, with my friend and former Republican colleague, Mike Ferguson from New Jersey. 
law in 2006 and has already provided grants to 32 States and the District of Columbia to help set up respite care networks for families in need. 
that program’s reauthorization, and I included it in the Military and Veteran Caregiver Services Improvement Act that I introduced in April to strengthen the support services for family caregivers of injured and disabled veterans. I think this is an important thing that we can do for our veterans. 
the passage of the ADA, but we still have much more work ahead. Disabilities don’t discriminate on the basis of party affiliation, income level, or gender; instead, they can happen to anyone at any time. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that they also have the unique ability to unite us in common purpose. 
As we celebrate the silver anniversary of the ADA together, we must use this as a call to action and to reaffirm our commitment to equal opportunity, full participation, independent living, and economic selfsufficiency for people with disabilities everywhere. 
Let me close, Mr. Speaker, by thanking the many champions and the advocates and many unsung heroes who made the ADA possible and saw it through the legislative process and put it on the desk of President George H.W. Bush, who signed it into law and changed the lives of people with disabilities everywhere forever. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ) is recognized for 60 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, August 
29 of this year will mark the 10year anniversary that Hurricane Katrina struck ground, causing massive devastation throughout southeast Louisiana, as well as other parts of the Gulf Coast, Mississippi, and Alabama. 
talk about the devastation that was caused by Hurricane Katrina, and of course, it starts with the more than 1,800 lives that were lost, people from Louisiana, Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, and Georgia who all lost their lives through this devastating storm. 
talk about something else, and that is the strength and resiliency of the people of the Gulf Coast who persevered, who rebuilt. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, we are going to talk about the recovery of the people of the Gulf Coast from this devastating storm. 
to just mention to you that it is hard to believe that it has been 10 years ago, in the early morning hours of August 29, just a month from today, that Hurricane Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast as a category 3 hurricane. 
an hour and a storm surge over 9 meters high in some places, the impact to the gulf region was very devastating. 
is very difficult to measure, some estimates have put the damage over $100 billion. Hundreds of thousands of refugees scattered across the country. Most importantly, no price tag can be assigned to the loss of the nearly 2,000 lives that were lost. 
there were many hearings; there were many inquiries, studies, investigations, reforms, and policy changes that were conducted, and most of those were for good reason. 
Katrina was far less than what should be expected of our Federal, State, and local governments. 
thank my colleague for his allowing this, putting together this time. As he said, we are not here to talk about the failures, so much as we are here to talk about the spirit of the people that were affected. 
It is easy to sit back and to point fingers and to place blame, but this evening, we want to talk about and bring attention to the spirit of the people that were affected, both directly and indirectly by Hurricane Katrina. 
it became clear that thousands of people would not be able to return to their homes, work began to find permanent shelter for these individuals. 
Thousands of refugees from Louisiana were given housing in manufactured housing that was purchased by FEMA and was stationed, actually, in my home State of Alabama in the State parks. 
The outpouring that came the following days of support from the local community was, I think, best described 
as just overwhelming. As soon as the people found out that the refugees were headed into our area, supplies were starting to be gathered together, and drives were started immediately as they were being organized. 
one of those numerous drives on his own initiative. Thousands of pounds of food, of clothing, and personal hygiene products were collected. They were distributed to the people, and these people that were helped had little more than just the clothes on their back. 
of support, that many of the refugees decided to make the Fourth District, the district I represent, their home. In one particular case, a refugee from Louisiana ended up working for Desoto State Park, where she had been housed. 
who lived along the Gulf Coast was also inspiring as well. 
was not the hardest hit of the region, the Gulf Coast of Alabama was severely impacted by Hurricane Katrina. 
needs to be done, the Gulf Coast is not only back in business, but it has returned to life as usual and it is thriving. 
new businesses are opening up, and tourism has returned to the region. This, I believe, is a testament to the spirit of the people of the State of Alabama as well as our neighboring States, Mississippi and Louisiana. 
as a region, I hope that we will not only look to the lessons we have learned from the failures of this response, but also to the lessons we learned about kindness, the lessons of charity, being a good neighbor, and, actually, the spirit of this great Nation. 
from Louisiana for putting this time together to draw attention—again, not to place the blame on the individuals or organizations that we could point blame to this evening, but to the spirit and to the greatness of all those that were involved and to the kindness, the charity, and the spirit that arose from that occasion. 
Mr. SCALISE. I thank you. I appreciate my colleague from Alabama’s (Mr. ADERHOLT ) comments. 
the national attention on Hurricane Katrina focused on the city of New Orleans. 
visuals, of people that were displaced, of floodwaters that sat, in many cases, for 2 or 3 weeks. 
But then, of course, we also remember the many things that happened along the way for people who rebuilt, who came back, who persevered. 
My colleague and friend who represents the city of New Orleans along 
Mr. RICHMOND. I thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S CALISE ), 
who represents the neighboring district from me in part of the metropolitan area of New Orleans. 
Let me just start off by saying something about New Orleans and the people of New Orleans. Now, the people of New Orleans are a very, very resilient people, and it started from the beginning of the history of New Orleans up until today. 
1788, when there was a fire in New Orleans that burned 856 of the 1,100 buildings that made up New Orleans. So that was 80 percent of the city burned. Then 6 years later another 212 buildings burned. 
of New Orleans is that we always pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and continue to do the work to rebuild and make a better life. 
Then you can go to 1853, when we had 
a yellow fever outbreak and epidemic. In 1853, almost 8,000 people died of yellow fever. 
1853 and 1905, 41,000 people in the city of New Orleans lost their lives due to yellow fever. But again the city picked itself up, dusted itself off, and worked to make a better New Orleans. 
the year that Hurricane Betsy devastated the city of New Orleans. That was the first storm to rack up a cost of $1 billion in damage. 
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita that hit New Orleans and devastated the entire Gulf Coast, but significantly damaged New Orleans. 
after we picked ourselves up and dusted ourselves off and started to rebuild after Hurricane Katrina, a few years later then comes the BP oil spill. 
And again the people of New Orleans—we picked ourselves up, dusted ourselves off, and we started to create a better New Orleans and a better Louisiana. 
loss of life in Hurricane Katrina was over 1,800 people, and 1,577 of those people were from Louisiana. 
causes of death: 40 percent of the deaths were caused by drowning; 25 percent by injury and trauma; and heart conditions caused another 11 percent. 
destruction on the TVs that covered it, you will understand the anxiety that the people that were down there suffered. 
Let me take a second before I go into 
some of the other statistics to just say many people always say that Hurricane Katrina was the largest natural disaster in the history of the United States. 
But, factually, that is just not correct. Hurricane Katrina was the result of a manmade disaster combined with a natural disaster. 
great notice that the levees that protected New Orleans and the metropolitan area were not sufficient. When the storm hit, the levees washed away. 
Mississippi River Gulf Outlet, which we call MRGO. It was designed by the Corps of Engineers to allow ship traffic to the great Port of New Orleans all the way up to America’s heartland. It was designed to be almost 100 yards wide to allow ship traffic. 
years after it was built, it was not 100 yards wide anymore. It was almost a mile wide in its largest sections. And that water coming out of the Gulf of Mexico caused a lot of the devastation. 
So I wanted to clear up the fact that 
this was not a natural disaster. It had a large part to do with mankind having their hand in it and inadequate building by the Corps of Engineers. 
Before I finish and yield back to Congressman SCALISE , let me also say that, 
when Katrina hit, although the government response was lacking, the American people stood up, recognized the situation, and opened their hearts to the people of Louisiana, the people of Mississippi, and some of the people of Texas. 
250,000 people in terms of bringing them into shelters and other places so that they could be safe and have some housing. 
Houston that are from the greater New Orleans area. I remember traveling to Houston after the storm and going to the shelters and watching the extraordinary work of SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
and A LGREEN to provide for New Orleans and New Orleansarea evacuees. 
100,000 evacuees in Atlanta, in shelters and in homes, with H ANKJOHNSON  
35,000 people at the time of the storm, and now they still hold 15,000 to 18,000. 
which right after the storm housed 20,000 people, and now they house in between 1,500 to 13,000. 
decrease. And then the other things with Hurricane Katrina I will cover more in depth with my good friend and colleague from Mississippi, BENNIE  
New Orleans was 484,000 before Katrina. Right after Katrina it was right around 
230,000 people. And that is a decrease of almost half of the city’s population. 
and you look at the fact that we lost 134,000 housing units, 70 percent of all occupied housing units of the city, you will understand the magnitude and the depth of the devastation that our district suffered. 
But once again the people of New Orleans and the people of Louisiana—we pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and we start building a better New Orleans and a better future. 
We still have many things that we need to right that didn’t go right during the storm. 
But, as of now, I just wanted to talk 
about how resilient the people of New Orleans were during the storm and the outpouring of love from the rest of the country. 
about, the devastation and those 1,833 lives that we lost throughout the Gulf Coast still live with us. We still remember the people who gave their lives, who lost their lives, in this devastating storm. 
that you saw from the people of southeast Louisiana—I know I saw firsthand the strength, the resiliency, of the people back at a time not long after the storm hit when there were people questioning whether or not the city of New Orleans would be rebuilt or should be rebuilt. You saw that conversation start around the country. 
long before you saw the Nation come together and make a commitment, and you saw the people of New Orleans make a commitment that the city would be rebuilt. 
But I think this is where the story of 
recovery comes out so bright and strong, Mr. Speaker. That is how the people of the Gulf Coast, how the people of New Orleans, responded. 
going to rebuild what was broken. You saw people demanding, demanding, Mr. Speaker, that we rebuild better, stronger, more efficient. People started demanding that government work differently, that government work better. 
Those levees that failed, Mr. Speaker, caused so much of that devastation. People said: We need to reform the way that levees are built. You saw a citizen uprising, in fact, that led to dramatic changes in State law. 
time. We actually changed the constitution of Louisiana to require that people who serve on levee boards actually have experience in things like engineering, hydrology. 
of the Storm emerge, where over 50,000 people signed a petition not long after that demanded that laws be changed, Mr. Speaker, to make those kinds of reforms in levee boards. 
were rebuilt today with the help of our colleagues up here in Congress and the work of FEMA and other agencies— when you look at those levees, they are dramatically better. 
The flood protection systems are better in southeast Louisiana. That didn’t happen by accident. That happened because the people demanded those kinds of changes. 
we all know, every State has got its problems. But Louisiana had a bad history of political corruption going back over 100 years. 
better political system. You actually saw citizens picking up the telephone, calling the FBI if they saw an ounce of political corruption. 
There became a zero tolerance for political corruption in the city of New Orleans and the surrounding regions. People went to jail. 
We demand better. And, ultimately, that helped lead to the recovery that we see today 10 years later. 
Speaker. Before Katrina struck, New Orleans had one of the most failed and corrupt public school systems in the country. 
There were kids that were graduating—we had a high school valedictorian who couldn’t pass the State exit exam. 
are going to rebuild, but we are going to demand a better public school system. 
through the State legislature, setting up a system of charter schools in the New Orleans area that are now touted as the model for reform for urban education systems. 
happened because the people demanded better from government. We saw government fail at every level, Federal, State, and local. It is well documented. 
years after the storm, is the story of a strong and resilient people who said: We absolutely will rebuild, but we are not going to rebuild the same way that it was before with all of the flaws and problems that existed; we are going to demand better. 
the recovery. It is not over. There are still some neighborhoods that are working to rebuild, but there are so many neighborhoods that are stronger today, that are more thriving today. Young people coming in from other States to be a part of this renaissance, to be a part of this recovery. 
It is an exciting time to be in the 
New Orleans region today; but obviously, as we reflect upon the devastation of Katrina 10 years ago, we know how far we have come and how much it took people pulling together, working with groups like the Pastors Resource 
Council, pastors from all around the country that came together to say that, while government had its failings, individuals, communities came together, churches came together, faithbased groups stood up like we have known that they do in so many other disasters to help get food to people, get shelter to people, and help people recover. 
the lives that were lost and remember the devastation that was so horrific, but we also celebrate the recovery that is still so evident in the people of Louisiana. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) is recognized for 
the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. 
Speaker, 10 years ago, nearly 10 years ago, the scenes flashing across our television screens showed what appeared to be a Third World country—literally bodies floating in the streets, people that were homeless, homes washed away—one of the worst natural disasters in America’s history. 
Mr. Speaker, over 1,200 of our brothers, our sisters, our mothers, fathers, uncles, aunts, our neighbors, our friends perished in the disaster on August 29, 2005. We lost over 1,200 people, Mr. Speaker. 
These vulnerabilities were not vulnerabilities that were unknown. As a matter of fact, Mark Schleifstein with The TimesPicayune published a series known as ‘‘Washing Away’’ in 2002, years before Hurricane Katrina hit our State and caused all this devastation. 
vulnerabilities accurately predicted the outcomes of a direct hit by a storm like Hurricane Katrina upon our communities. We saw what had happened. Homes, businesses, monuments, schools, our history, our dreams, our hopes, our future were all flooded as a result of Hurricane Katrina 10 years ago. 
World country; it was one of America’s great cities that was underwater. Many people look back at Hurricane Katrina, and they view the impacts as being parochial, things that impacted Louisiana and Mississippi and Alabama, not something that impacted the Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, nothing could be further from the truth. When the Mississippi River was shut down and all the ports associated with it across the Gulf Coast as a result of the devastating impacts, the farmers in the Midwest had no way of getting their crops out to market. There was no capacity within other transportation mediums to get these crops out; therefore, the farmers in the Midwest suffered as a result of Hurricane Katrina’s impacts on the Gulf Coast. 
only one of two places in the United States where we have all six class I rail lines. In many cases, the rail lines and the associated infrastructure was destroyed, therefore, once again, severely impacting America’s intermodal transportation system. 
has these amazing natural resources, has an amazing energy industry, petrochemical industry, agriculture industry, and many, many others, severely impacted, causing impacts not just again to the regional economy, but to the national economy. 
that is gasoline prices. Following Hurricane Katrina, we watched gasoline prices spike 75 cents a gallon; but let me be clear, not in Louisiana, nationwide—75 cents a gallon is the national average price increase as a result of those 2005 hurricanes on the Gulf Coast—75 cents a gallon. 
into $450 million in higher consumer payments per day as a result of the impacts those storms had, the 2005 hurricanes—Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita—had on the Gulf Coast and had on, really, the Nation. 
Importantly, Mr. Speaker, the deficit, much of the recovery that was funded by the Federal Government, in fact, the far majority of it, was funded by deficit spending, funded by deficit spending. This wasn’t spending that was offset; this wasn’t reserve dollars that the Federal Government had sitting there waiting for this unbelievable disaster. This was deficit spending. 
greatgrandchildren will be paying for decades for this. I want to be clear, Mr. Speaker, this was preventable, which I am going to talk about in a minute. 
here you see the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and you see the EPA out there talking about the importance of wetlands and the importance of waters of the United States and writing all of these extraordinary rules to grant themselves more aggressive jurisdiction, larger jurisdiction over our private lands; yet as a result of those storms alone in 2005, we lost over 200 square miles of coastal wetlands in the State of Louisiana alone. 
a lot of people looked at this and watched it on TV and saw it as being a parochial problem, a problem of the Gulf Coast, a problem of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. 
that situation; you could paste virtually any other coastal city, any other coastal State in this Nation, and they potentially could face the same repercussions, the same outcomes as 
we experienced in 2005 because this Nation continues to have a reactive policy to disasters, and it is something that we have got to change. 
plus billion dollars that Congress appropriated following the 2005 hurricanes to help recover, to help get these communities back on their feet across the Gulf Coast. We could have taken a fraction of those dollars, and we could have invested it proactively and prevented it from happening. 
could experience the same disaster we saw; and I remind you, just in 2012, we saw Hurricane Sandy cause profound consequences in New York, New Jersey, and other communities on the East Coast. I will say it once again, disasters that were preventable, and so this is something that we all need to be paying attention to. 
Louisiana and Mississippi and in Alabama, there were amazing stories of communities coming together, of people coming together, of resilient families coming together to ensure that while this did knock them down, they were getting back up again, and they were going to recover—strong resolve from these communities all across the Gulf Coast. 
was truly amazing is watching the incredible outpouring of support not just from the Gulf Coast, but from all over this Nation and countries around the world, committing to come help us recover across the Gulf Coast. 
people to come together, to put down differences, and to all come together in support of the recovery of these communities, the recovery of these families, the recovery of these businesses, the recovery of the hopes and dreams of these communities across the Gulf Coast. 
Mr. Speaker, we are going to continue to see this play over and over again. We are going to continue to see these types of disasters over and over again until we turn the policies around in the United States, until we see fundamental changes. 
the recovery; I want to pivot back to New Orleans; I want to pivot back to Plaquemines Parish and St. Bernard, St. Tammany; I want to pivot back to lower Jefferson Parish. These communities, in many cases, were destroyed. 
Everything was underwater, everything. I will say it again, the homes, the businesses, the schools, the hopes, the dreams, the future underwater— and 10 years ago, 10 years ago, unbelievable. I think that most people would have told you these communities aren’t coming back; they can’t come back. They have been so profoundly impacted that they simply can’t recover from this, but that is not what happened. 
As you just heard Mr. SCALISE discuss, people came together. We now have an amazing progress, amazing recovery of our schools in south Louisiana, amazing recovery in our economy. 
now have tens of billions of dollars in economic development projects on the horizon while, in other areas, you are seeing people losing jobs, you are seeing businesses close, you are seeing small businesses shut down and a trend of more small businesses closing and opening across the Nation; but in Louisiana, Mr. Speaker, tens of billions of dollars in new economic development projects on the horizon. 
As a matter of fact, we have the largest foreign investment in U.S. history committed to projects in south Louisiana. We are seeing a manufacturing renaissance, and it is happening because our people are so resilient because we have come back, because we have come together, and because we have plotted a path to the future using the resources that Louisiana is so blessed with, the Louisiana maritime transportation system that we have, and the amazing natural resources in regard to the inexpensive, readily available natural gas, oil, petrochemical industry, the rail lines, the intermodal transportation facilities. 
manufacturing renaissance not in Mexico, not in Asia, but right here in the United States in south Louisiana. 
I pray that there is not another community, that there is not another city, that there is not another State in this Nation that has to experience, that has to go through the tragedy, the travesty that we experienced in south Louisiana, the loss of over 1,200 of our friends, our relatives, and our neighbors, to see the type of recovery, to see people come together. 
To see us finally help to build a resilient protection system, resilient ecosystem to ensure that the next storm isn’t going to cause the same devastation to New Orleans as we saw 10 years ago, I pray, Mr. Speaker, that that doesn’t have to happen again. 
The only way we prevent it from happening again is if people learn from the lessons of Hurricane Katrina, from Hurricane Rita, if they actually apply the lessons learned that we so painfully went through in south Louisiana, in Mississippi, and in Alabama, that we apply those lessons around the United States to make our communities more resilient; to make our economy more resilient; to make our businesses more resilient; to make our families more resilient; and, Mr. Speaker, most importantly, to ensure that we can all accomplish the American Dream. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R ICHMOND ) for 30 minutes. 
to just thank my colleagues from Louisiana for also talking about the devastation that we received in hurricanes, both Katrina and Rita, which we call the ‘‘sister hurricanes’’ because they were only separated by a couple of days and what damage that Hurricane Katrina caused. Just a few days later, Hurricane Rita came right behind it and exacerbated that damage. 
Let me just hit on a few of the 
misperceptions of Katrina. Well, actually, since I have had a little time and I want to make sure that everyone involved has a chance to have time to speak on this, I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ), my 
good friend, who at the time was chair of the Homeland Security Committee, who made sure that some of the deficiencies in FEMA and some of the other places that caused us undue headaches during the rebuilding, that those headaches were relieved a little bit or eased a little bit because of the hard work of BENNIE THOMPSON , whose 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I appreciate the gentleman from New Orleans for yielding. 
one, to talk about what it is to be in the eye of a hurricane and to be without basic necessities for over 10 days because of a hurricane and, two, what it is that our government should do when those situations occur at the Federal, State, and local levels. 
a little bit about what happened in August of 2005—how, in fact, so many people were impacted as well as what we have done as a government, what we didn’t do, and what we should do in going forward. 
said, for the most part, both Hurricanes Rita and Katrina ravaged Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and a little bit of Florida, but I will limit my comments to Katrina. In Hurricane Katrina, there were over 1,800 people— from Florida to Texas—who died. 
individuals died. Basically, what we had after that is over 1.2 million housing units damaged, and in my home State, almost 120,000 were completely destroyed. In southern Mississippi, that meant that over 60 percent of the single family dwellings were either destroyed or rendered uninhabitable, and the statistics were worse for rental units. Along the Gulf Coast—the beautiful Gulf Coast where we have the 
largest manmade beach in the United States—there were over 1 million people displaced. One month after the storm, 600,000 families were still homeless, and, ultimately, 114,000 were housed in FEMA trailers. 
what happened with the FEMA trailers. It was a mess. The government’s 
response to the temporary housing situation could only be characterized as a mess. We fixed it, but during that time, we put people in trailers that had basically been pieced together and shipped to the good people of the Gulf Coast. Many of them had Chinese drywall in those trailers that let off formaldehyde, which, ultimately, impacted the health of everybody we put in the trailers, ostensibly, for temporary housing. We created a bigger health problem. 
address some of it in terms of the health costs and other things. Ultimately, a lawsuit provided some relief to the families. What we have done in correcting that temporary housing situation is to direct FEMA to not just be the response and recovery agency. We want you to also understand that, when people are in trouble, not only do you come, but you come with the right resources to make sure that you don’t create and make life worse for them. After our Katrina experience, we have a more nimble operation, and we have far better individuals who are trained so that, when disasters come, we can respond. 
Mr. Speaker, to the comments that a speaker on the other side made. 
it is a hurricane or a flood or a tornado, the last thing you want is for somebody to ask, ‘‘Well, who is going to pay for it?’’ These are citizens of the United States of America. The only thing we should say is, ‘‘In your darkest hour, in your time of need, your government will not let you down.’’ I would hope that people understand that we are a great nation because we take care of all of our people, especially when the chips are down and when they have no other place to turn. So I would hope that we would not talk about issues of deficit spending when people are being plucked off the roofs of their homes or when they are being dislocated hundreds of miles from their residences simply because they can’t get back into their neighborhoods. 
What I also want to talk about is the 
fact that, since Katrina, we have made sure that first responders can communicate with each other. There were a number of stories about individuals who wanted to help but who couldn’t talk to each other. Hopefully, we have started fixing that interoperability issue so that those individuals can communicate with each other, whether they are paid firemen, volunteer firepersons, or whether they are law enforcement at the State, county, or local level, because, when we are involved in any natural disaster that is federally declared, the constituents who need our help don’t want us to get bogged down in the territories. They just want the help. Part of the help is making sure that these individuals can communicate with each other. 
Red Cross, most specifically, was severely criticized because of its response to Katrina. A substantial number of 
citizens who were impacted were in lowincome, minority communities, and we started getting responses such as: ‘‘We don’t know what to do in those areas’’; ‘‘We are afraid to go in those areas.’’ Yet, if you are part of the national preparedness system, you go and help; you don’t try to qualify that help. Part of that agreement we have with an organization like the Red Cross is that you will do better, that you will respond when other organizations don’t have the capacity. 
Red Cross’ response to natural disasters in this country. Sometimes they do a good job, and sometimes they don’t. What we have to do is make sure that, every time they respond, they respond in a manner that is helping someone. Regardless of people’s socioeconomic statuses in life, they are still American citizens. I look forward to continuing to work on that. 
Mr. Speaker, is in making sure that the moneys that are sent to the devastated areas don’t get diverted to other areas. 
Governor at the time diverted over $600 million, which was directed to low and middleincome housing problems, to a port expansion, which had nothing to do with housing, but the flexibility to do it was there. We had a number of people who lost everything they had, and they didn’t have any means to come back. The moneys that we sent from Washington to attempt to make those individuals whole and to reintroduce them to the communities from which they had been displaced had been sent to the Port of Gulfport. It is a worthy project, but you shouldn’t have to take moneys to do that which were intended by Congress to go for low and middleincome housing. 
that money still have not met the satisfaction of not only the HUD officials, but also of members of the communities. We should not take moneys in times of emergency and fund pet projects. If those projects are worthy to be funded, then let’s fund them out of traditional sources and not out of emergency sources. I am concerned that we do that. 
I want to pay a special tribute to the 
Mississippi Center for Justice, which has done a wonderful job in pursuing the expenditure of these funds consistent with the intent of those funds. I want to pay a special tribute as well to the Mississippi Conference of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. They have provided witnesses and testimony at hearing after hearing as well as documentation about the questionable expenditures around Hurricane Katrina. 
As I said in the beginning, as one of 
those individuals who experienced Katrina firsthand, our government has to step up and help these people in their time of need. What we have done in the last 10 years is to attempt to fix 
everything that we have identified that didn’t work. We have solved our interoperability problem. We have provided training for first responders. We have provided evacuation routes for individuals so that they know how to leave as well as routes for vulnerable populations or whether they are handicapped in some form. We have even created opportunities so that pets won’t be left alone when evacuations occur. All of those things are very important because it goes to who we are as a people. So how we treat the least of them in their most desperate hours goes to the character of who we are as a nation. 
of Katrina, Mr. Speaker, I want us to understand that it is still a work in progress and that it doesn’t matter whether you live in a house on a hill or if you live in a house around the corner that is at a dead end—you are still an American citizen. When things like a Hurricane Katrina happen, you should rest assured that your government will be Johnny on the spot. 
I want to compliment the gentleman from Louisiana for leading this Special Order, because we should really understand how difficult Katrina has been for those individuals who were in the brunt. 
privilege to talk about the good job that the men and women of the United States Coast Guard did in response to Katrina. They really did a tremendous job in working and in managing a lot of the recovery and response to Katrina. 
In August 2005, nearly ten years ago, Hurricane Katrina made landfall in Mississippi and ravaged the Gulf Coast. 
The storm pummeled everything in its path. Over 1800 people from Florida to Texas 
died, including 238 from my home State of Mississippi. 
In Southern Mississippi, more than 60 percent of singlefamily dwellings were destroyed or rendered uninhabitable—and the statistics were worse for rental units. 
families were still homeless, and ultimately 114,000 were housed in FEMA trailers. 
wrought with mistakes at the Federal, State, and local level. 
coordination failures complicated the quick and efficient delivery of Federal resources, undermining both response and recovery efforts. 
challenges and lack of qualified, welltrained, and wellfunded emergency response personnel—capability gaps first identified during 
housing and disaster procurement policies dragged out recovery efforts and drove up costs. 
States appeared to lack capacity to drawdown Federal recovery funds quickly or effectively. 
was awarded $3 billion in Katrina related infrastructure grants, but by January 2009, it had only drawn down a little over half of those funds ($1.7 million). 
FEMA allocated $156 million in hazard mitigation grant funds to Mississippi, but the State had only drawn down $40 million twoanda half years after the storm struck. 
My governor at the time diverted $600 million in CDBG funds initially intended for the construction of low and middle income housing to a port expansion project. 
the impact of that illadvised decision to this day. 
overhauled the national emergency management infrastructure by enacting The Post Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act, or PKEMRA. 
The legislation sought to address preparedness, response and recovery gaps identified through oversight activities carried out by this Committee, including: 
authority to coordinate and direct response and recovery efforts under the National Response Plan; 
warning systems to notify the public of potential threats to health and safety. 
Nationally, we have made progress on addressing these gaps. 
For example, we have saved lives by getting people out of danger’s path with the Integrated Public Alerts and Warnings System. 
improved relationships among Federal, State, and local responders to facilitate quicker, more effective response and recovery efforts. 
preventing, protecting against, mitigating the effects of, responding to, and recovering from natural and manmade disasters. 
But significant challenges with long term recovery efforts remain. 
For example, the Federal government’s failure to have adequate disaster housing plans in place before the storm struck resulted in lastminute scrambling to find longterm recovery housing for the displaced. 
contracts that cost taxpayers millions of dollars, and ultimately provided Hurricane survivors with formaldehydelaced dwellings. 
Coast Residents against over two dozen mobile home manufacturers was finally settled for over $42.5 million in 2012. Despite this difficult lesson, as we saw in 
2012 after Hurricane Sandy, developing viable disaster housing options for regions across the United States continues to be an elusive goal. 
again their commitment to helping those affected by disaster by sending resources and flocking affected areas to aid recovery. 
with Federal support and the help of volunteers from across the country, have rebuilt much of what was lost. 
I would be remiss if I did not mention the 
important work of the Mississippi Conference of the NAACP and the Mississippi Center for Justice. 
opened offices on the Coast to offer legal services to the thousands of Gulf Coast area residents who needed an advocate to help make them whole. 
community groups and individuals against the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development resulting in a landmark settlement of $132 million dollars for lowincome households in nine Mississippi counties. 
The Mississippi Center for Justice has continued to spearhead numerous Federal and state policy battles to demand and restore safe and affordable housing to Hurricane Katrina’s most vulnerable survivors, including thousands of children. 
The Hurricane Katrina recovery, in many respects, has become a story of American perseverance and generosity—and I am glad we are here to commemorate and honor it this evening. 
I get into some of the misconceptions and perceptions that still remain from Katrina, let me just finish where the gentleman from Mississippi left off. 
recovery, one of the shining stars during Hurricane Katrina was the United States Coast Guard. They did a phenomenal job, both day and night, in rescuing people with helicopters and boats and everything at their disposal. They didn’t care if they were tired, and they didn’t care if they were hungry. They just did the job that they should have done just like most of our servicemen. They were the shining stars. 
perceptions that is just inaccurate about Katrina was that it was a natural disaster. It is not just me who will call it a manmade disaster. 
Federal Government was liable for the damage related to MRGO because the canal’s original purpose was navigation. That decision was affirmed, and 
then it was overturned by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 
claims judge, Susan Braden, ruled that the Army Corps of Engineers is liable for damages resulting from flooding during Katrina again and that the damage caused in both St. Bernard Parish, which is not in my district, and the lower Ninth Ward of New Orleans, which is in my district, was that the Army Corps of Engineers was responsible and liable for the damage caused to their homes because the Coast Guard was responsible for the increased storm surge and flooding during Hurricane Katrina and that the Army Corps knew that their failure could have that effect. 
Federal Government, more specifically, the Justice Department, enter into settlement negotiations with the attorneys of those residents in both the lower Ninth Ward and St. Bernard Parish. I would just continue to urge the Federal Government to step up to do that because it is the right thing to do. 
want to spend a quick moment in correcting are that, after the storm, there was violence in the streets and people were shooting at the rescue boats. That was just absolutely untrue. 
Guard, I have to now question and criticize the effort of both the Red Cross and our National Guard. 
Red Cross buses on the side of the highway that lined from New Orleans all the way to Baton Rouge because the buses were scared to go into New Orleans because it was dangerous. 
Guard had 18wheelers and military trucks full of water that were designated to go into New Orleans, but they were on the side of the interstate opposite the buses because they thought it was too dangerous to go into New Orleans. 
you, while the National Guard, the Red Cross, and others were scared to go into New Orleans, I myself, with another council member, Oliver Thomas 
at the time, was driving a minivan into New Orleans filled with water with no security, no protection, and the only thing we encountered were grateful people who were looking for some help, some water, some food, and some direction as to how and when this recovery would start. 
at New Orleans and remember back to those days and just believe the misinformation about all of those other things. 
also touch on why people didn’t leave. Many people have said people just chose not to leave for various reasons, they didn’t know better. All of that is absolutely untrue, also. 
and they were not enough notice. I remember watching the news and watching the mayor of New Orleans say: Well, I am sending my family to Dallas. If I were you, I would evacuate. 
FEMA and Red Cross said that they were sending 10,000 body bags. We knew this was the real one. It was the time to show leadership and tell people to leave the city in no uncertain terms. 
with Governor Blanco in which she talked about all of these things, along with the Red Cross and FEMA. 
By the time that it was my turn to 
talk, I said, ‘‘Governor, I understand that this is the real deal. However, there are 1,500 people across the street from my house playing Little League. They don’t get the benefit of hearing what you just said on this conference call.’’ 
morning that people pushed, but it was only a day out from the storm. 
expenses associated with evacuating once or twice in the city, packing your family up, driving to another city, paying for a hotel, feeding your family, and then coming back. 
again and they were false alarms, if you don’t give them the stern warning when you know it is the real one, you know some people won’t leave. 
The last part of it is we came up with 
a bad idea of using shelters that were in harm’s way. We had thousands of people in the Louisiana Superdome that is located in New Orleans. Well, the Superdome was right in harm’s way. 
you actually heard it tonight—was that the new New Orleans has a great school system that has turned around education in this urban setting, and the truth of the matter is it is a work in progress at best. 
most of our schools, all but maybe five or six of them. Out of those 57 schools that they took over, seven are B schools, no A schools, 20 are C schools, and 24 are D and F schools. 
We still have some work to do in the 
area of education. We have made some improvements, but we have kids now that are being bused and staying on the bus almost 2 hours to get to a school in the morning and 2 hours in the evening. That is not a system that we want. 
Our good schools don’t have attendance zones, and it has become a maze in order to apply and to get into our better schools. 
everybody is willing to come to the table and figure out the best way to do it and not look at everyone who has suggestions or criticisms of the school system as being an enemy. Public education: Even if you look at 
the Brown v. Board of Education decision years ago, 50, 75 years ago, that decision came about because the Justices talked about how an education is important to being a good citizen, thriving, and being a success. 
more time in working to make sure that the New Orleans public school system is a system that educates all of the kids. 
whether you are poor or rich, whether you live in a great neighborhood or whether you live in a bad neighborhood, every kid should have the opportunity to succeed. 
now, whether we are hosting a Super Bowl, the Final Four, or the Sugar Bowl, people assume that the city is back because the areas that they cover on TV are the areas that are back. 
Street, and all of those areas, the Superdome, the New Orleans arena, they are back. 
are not back. You still have areas where homeowners are still struggling to rebuild. 
Ward. You can look at the upper Ninth Ward. You can look at Gentilly. You can look at New Orleans East. Those areas are still fighting to recover. 
You can look at some of the complaints from homeowners when the Road Home process was set up. They complain that they were fingerprinted and treated like criminals during the application process in the onset of asking for government assistance. 
homeowners, the most responsible people in a community, being fingerprinted and treated like criminals during the application process. 
Also, the Federal Government prohibited grants exceeding the value of a property. So Road Home tied its calculation to a home’s prestorm value as opposed to the actual cost of rebuilding. 
recipient collection letters for alleged overpayments, duplication of insurance proceeds, or failure to comply with the covenants, you see 36,000 people that are being unjustly punished by the Federal Government. 
I would just say that we said it very 
early on in the process, that using appraised value was going to harm minority communities because an appraisal is subjective, depending on where you live. So homes in the more affluent areas of New Orleans appraised a lot higher. 
work when I was small, doing construction work, to rebuild a 1,500square foot house, whether it is in Lakeview or whether it is in the lower Ninth Ward, Sheetrock, plywood, screws, and nails are all going to cost the same. Instead of using appraised value, we should have used rebuilding cost. That 
ruled that the Road Home’s method of calculating grants discriminated against African American homeowners. That was back in 2010. 
that, in order for the State to stop using prestorm value to calculate Road Home grants, it was only for the future grants. By that time, a majority of the grants had already been given out. 
So I will just tell you that that $62 
million in additional grants helped about 1,500 homeowners. Remember, we had over 100,000 properties that were damaged in the storm. So you can see the abundance of people that did not get assistance. 
with Road Home was that we still have people who need money to get back into their homes because they have an unmet need. 
simple to figure out where we are now, and that is to figure out what people received from their insurance company, what people received from FEMA, and what people received from Road Home. 
out the cost to rebuild. If the rebuilding cost exceeds those, that is the unmet need that we need help from the government because there is money that is still available. 
I would say we need the Federal Government to actually take some time, investigate, and figure out how we can use the unused money to make people whole that were not made whole in the beginning. 
thing so you can get a full idea of the picture of New Orleans. If you just look at rent, in the 9 years since Katrina, the share of people paying 50 percent of their income for rent is now 37 percent. 
secure housing cost burdens 50 percent of household income, and that indicates a serious problem in housing affordability. 
the share of severely costburdened renters in New Orleans was 24 percent. Now it is 37 percent in New Orleans. It is 26 percent nationally. 
to work on it because, if you can’t live in the city, you can’t work in the city. This government is better than that. 
So the other thing I would just say is 
that people think we are back and we are rebuilt, and that is not the case. The other thing is that people think that we received everything we need to rebuild. 
I would say that Congress, the government, and the President did a great job in immediately sending down $14 billion to New Orleans and putting it in a fund, which is unheard of in Congress, to take money and just put it in a fund and say: Corps of Engineers, as you rebuild the levee, spend this 
it, and they did a good job of doing it. 
need flood control. If you look at the cost of Katrina—and I will give you a few figures—you will see that we still have a gap. 
Most of the Federal spending went for relief, not rebuilding. $120.5 billion in total spending. Emergency relief was 75 billion. Rebuilding funds was 45 billion. 
private insurance claims, and charitable giving, it still leaves a gap of about $60 billion. When you talk about 
a gap of $60 billion, I just want you to understand what that means. 
every neighborhood, including mine, you will see five houses where people have come back, saved up money, and rebuilt using both insurance, savings, retirement, FEMA, government money. Then you will see a house or two that is not rebuilt at all. 
Ninth Ward, you will see one house that is rebuilt. Then you will see six or seven houses that are not rebuilt where the grass is just as high as the trees and it looks like a forest. 
took the time to come home and rebuild and you have to pass that every night, it is just not a safe situation. We, as a country, can do better than that. 
So what I would hope is that, as we 
continue the process of helping New Orleans and Louisiana recover from Katrina, that we look at the lessons learned and we find the people who still have unmet needs, we find the people that are still not back in their homes who want to be in their homes, and we figure out a way to help them. 
have the money, and in fact, citizens and community groups—and I can think of a bunch of them, A Community Voice, Justice and Beyond—all of those groups have been asking Congress and the inspector general to do an audit and an investigation of how much funds we received, where did they go, what is left, how do we move forward and make sure that everyone who wants to come home has the ability to come home. 
lessons learned and misperceptions of Katrina, I think we have to take those 
same things and look at Sandy and all other hurricanes. 
home for a break and celebrate the 10th anniversary of Katrina is to let people know that we still have needs; we still have things we have to do to complete the recovery, but also thank Congress for what they did do. 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO LEBANON—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–53) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, is to continue in effect beyond August 1, 2015. 
continuing arms transfers to Hizballah that include increasingly sophisticated weapons systems, undermine Lebanese sovereignty, contribute to political and economic instability in the region, and continue to constitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Lebanon. 
THEWHITE HOUSE , July 29, 2015. COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
DEARMR. SPEAKER : On July 23, 2015, pursuant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure met in open session to consider 15 resolutions included in the General Services Administration’s fiscal years 2015 and 2016 Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. 
The Committee continues to work to reduce the cost of federal property and leases. Of the 15 resolutions considered by the Committee, the nine alteration projects will address critical life safety repairs or allow for space consolidations, the two reprogramming prospectuses are fully offset by reductions in other projects, the two construction prospectuses include offsets and reductions in spending from avoided lease costs, and the two lease prospectuses will result in significant reductions in lease costs through the reduction of space. In total, these resolutions represent $327 million in avoided lease costs and offsets. 
adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on July 23, 2015. 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for the design for the build out of approximately 314,000 rentable square feet of vacant space in the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building located at 26 Federal Plaza in New York City, New York, of which approximately 30,000 rentable square feet will provide swing space for future alteration and consolidation projects in the building, at a design cost of $7,660,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/2 EH29JY15.001smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) is seeking committee approval for a design 
project that GSA will schedule for construction in a future year. A project description is attached. 
By seeking approval to start the design for the project prior to construction phase funding, an 
orderly and timely accomplishment of a planned program is ensured. Under the separate funding 
approach, GSA will submit the construction prospectus for the project along with a future 
The subject project addresses realignment and consolidation of agency space, and replacing and 
Approve design for $7,660,000 for the project attached. The construction costs indicated at this 
time are preliminary and will be finalized prior to future requests for funding. 
The proposed projects are the best solutions to meet validated Government needs. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on Approvoo=~~~~~~~·····.~~Acting Administrator, General Services Administration 
Insert graphic folio 1104/3 EH29JY15.002smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Insert graphic folio 1104/4 EH29JY15.003smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Demolition and abatement, interior construction, HV AC, plumbing, electrical, and fire/life safety 
The Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building (FOB) is located at 26 Federal Plaza, New York 
City, NY. It consists of three interconnected buildings: a 45story, plus basement, office 
building; an eightstory court/office building (both built in 1967); and a 45story addition 
(Annex) built along the west side of the original 45story building in 1977. The two 45story 
buildings function together as the FOB while the 8story court/office building functions as the 
James L. Watson Court of International Trade (CIT). The CIT is connected to the FOB via a 4story pedestrian bridge. The entire Federal complex consists of over 2.3 million square feet of 
GSA proposes design for the build out of approximately 314,000 rentable square feet (rst) of 
vacant space, of which approximately 30,000 rsf will provide swing space for future alteration 
and consolidation projects in the FOB. The project will remove asbestos, upgrade mechanical 
and electrical systems and address fire/life safety issues. The project will help to maintain the 
Federal presence in downtown Manhattan, avoid future lease costs, and will allow for the overall 
The request will fund the design and review for the buildout of approximately 314,000 rentable 
square feet (RSF) of vacant space in the FOB, of which approximately 30,000 RSF will provide 
swing space for future alteration and consolidation projects in the building. The project will 
complete the design associated with asbestos removal, mechanical and electrical system 
upgrades, and fire and life safety issues. The completed project will maintain i:he Federal 
presence in downtown Manhattan, relocate the U.S. Deparbnent of Justice Federal Bureau of 
Insert graphic folio 1104/5 EH29JY15.004smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Investigation from a leased location , and allow the U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services to consolidate its operations currently scattered throughout the FOB. 
ALTERATION —1800 F STREET BUILDING , PRESI DENTIAL TRANSITION TEAM , WASHINGTON , DC 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations at the GSA Headquarters building, located at 1800 F Street, NW, Washington, DC for the reconfiguration and alteration of approximately 90,000 usable square feet of space to provide shortterm space for the Presidential Transition Team (PTT) and the Offices of the PresidentElect and Vice President Elect after the November 2016 Presidential Election, at a design and related services cost of $534,000 an estimated construction cost of $8,900,000 and a management and inspection cost of $488,000 for a total estimated project cost of $9,922,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/7 EH29JY15.005smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project at the GSA 
Headquarters building, located at 1800 F Street, N.W., Washington, DC, for the reconfiguration 
and alteration of approximately 90,000 usable square feet of space to provide shortterm space 
for the Presidential Transition Team (PIT), and the Offices of the PresidentElect and Vice 
PresidentElect. The space provided will facilitate the orderly transfer of executive power in 
connection with the expiration of the terms of the current President and Vice President and the 
inauguration of the newly elected President and Vice President after the November 2016 
Presidential Election. The space must be available by October 1, 2015, for up to two years; this 
Interior alterations; security upgrades; exterior alterations; building automation system upgrades; 
1 Although no new funds are being requested in this prospectus, its approval is needed for this alteration project. 
Concurrently, GSA will request to reprogram $9,922,000 in savings from previously appropriated sources of funds 
Insert graphic folio 1104/8 EH29JY15.006smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The 1800 F Street, N.W., Washington, DC, GSA Headquarters building is a sevenstory, 
square foot, limestoneclad public building situated at 1800 F 
Street, N.W., just west of downtown Washington, DC. The building provides 518,700 useable 
square feet of space and includes outside parking in an interior courtyard. The building was 
constructed in 1917 as the headquarters of the Department of the Interior, which resided in it 
until 1949, at which time it became the headquarters of GSA, which occupies the building today. 
It was one of the first steelframed buildings constructed in Washington, as well as one of the 
first government buildings to use limestone on the exterior. It is listed in the National Register of 
GSA currently occupies the basement through floor seven of the eastern wing of 1800 F Street, 
known as Wing One. Personnel in this space will be consolidated into the other wings of the 
building to allow Wing One to be occupied by PTT. Physical move costs associated with this 
relocation are anticipated to be minimal and will be covered by other sources of funding already 
The proposed project consists of the construction of demising walls, barriers and check points; 
installation of additional security items/systems per the Department of Homeland Security 
United States Secret Service (USSS) specifications; rebuilding or altering portions of interior and 
exterior space to accommodate special space needs of PTT and security; providing emergency 
power; construction of Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) space; installation 
of secure conduit, cabling, audio visual (A V)/information technology (IT)/ security infrastructure; 
building out executive offices; and modifying existing building systems to accommodate PTT 
functions. GSA will, to the greatest extent possible, use the currently available space in its 
current configuration. A portion of these infrastructure investments will be retained for future 
use by GSA, as well as for future PTT requirements. 
Security systems will include items such as cameras, access control and intrusion detection. A V 
and IT systems will be modified and new systems added, as needed. Building Automation 
Systems will require modified controls, electrical systems will require back up power and 
Insert graphic folio 1104/9 EH29JY15.007smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
At a minimum, exterior work will include security upgrades of cameras, detection devices and 
provisions for other security components as directed by USSS. GSA is evaluating the 
appropriate positioning of special spaces within the building that will require evaluation of blast 
and ballistic conditions and potential upgrades at various locations, which may be internal or 
external. There also is a potential need for exterior posts to accommodate USSS personnel. 
Restoration will entail putting the building back to its prePIT configuration, but leaving alone 
what GSA has designed to remain in place within walls, ancillary spaces, mechanical spaces, and 
the roof. GSA plans to utilize this space for future transitions resulting in reduced costs in the 
The Presidential Transition Act of 1963, P.L. 88277, authorizes the GSA Administrator to 
provide the Presidentelect and the Vice Presidentelect, upon their request, necessary services 
and facilities during the transition period between Election Day and Inauguration Day. 
GSA will, to the greatest extent possible, use the currently available space in its current 
configuration. A portion of these infrastructure investments will be retained for future use by 
A number of high performance green initiatives were incorporated into the modernization of 
Wing One, which was completed in 2013. These initiatives included highperformance glazing 
for replicated historic windows, added insulation at the exterior walls and roof, daylight 
harvesting through a networked lighting control system, an automated roller shade system for 
daylight control, and photovoltaic rooftop arrays that feed direct current into the power grid. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/10 EH29JY15.008smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
GSA will continue to use the new base building systems installed with the aforementioned 
modernization, making adjustments on a casebycase basis to accommodate PTI requirements. 
Given the shortterm nature of the proposed requirement (3 years), a 30year present 
value cost analysis is not suited for this type of project. The cost to procure the 
required square footage in proximate leased space significantly exceeds the proposed 
cost of the repair and alteration alternative. Furthermore, the government will 
realize additional longterm savings as the proposed location will serve as 
Insert graphic folio 1104/11 EH29JY15.009smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on " Juq_g~ 26, 2015 PBS 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade, replace, and improve fire protection systems and life safety features in governmentowned buildings during Fiscal Year 2016 at a total cost of $20,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/13 EH29JY15.010smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes alterations to upgrade, replace, and 
improve fire protection systems and life safety features in governmentowned buildings during 
As part of its Fire Protection and Life Safety efforts, GSA is identifying projects in Federal 
buildings throughout the country through surveys and studies. These projects will vary in size, 
location, and delivery method. The approval and appropriation requested in this prospectus is for 
a diverse set of retrofit projects with engineering solutions to reduce fire and lite safety hazards. 
• Replacing antiquated fire a1arm and detection systems that are in need of repair or for 
• Installing emergency voice communication systems to facilitate occupant notification 
• lnstaJling and/or expanding fire sprinkler systems to provide a reasonable degree of 
protection for life and property from fire in Federal buildings. 
• Constructing additional exit stairs or enclosing existing exit stairs to ensure safe and 
timely evacuation of building occupants in the event of an emergency. 
GSA periodically assesses all facilities using technical professionals to identify hazards and 
initiate correction or riskreduction protection strategies to assure that no aspect of our buildings' 
design or operation presents an unreasonable risk to GSA personnel, occupant agencies, or the 
general public. Completion of these proposed projects will improve the overall level of safety 
from fire and similar risks in GSAcontrolled Federal buildings nationwide. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/14 EH29JY15.011smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Over the years a number of fire protection and life safety issues have been identified that need to 
be addressed in order to reduce fire risk. The proposed program is the best solution to meet a 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade outdated building systems in the 59yearold facility and renovate and reconfigure the interior layout for operations efficiency and workplace optimization at the Federal Building located in downtown, Los Angeles, CA, at a design cost of $982,000, an estimated construction cost of $10,335,000 and a management and inspection cost of $966,000 for a total estimated project cost of 
$12,283,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/16 EH29JY15.012smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The Genera! Services Administmtion (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project of 
the Federal Building, located in downtown, Los Angeles, California on Sixth Street. The 
project will upgrade outdated building systems in the 59yearold facility and renovate 
and reconfigure the interior layout for operations efficiency and workplace optimization. 
Exterior construction, HV AC, e]ectrical, plumbing, fire protection and elevator system 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
The Federal Building is a standalone structure solely occupied by the Department of 
Justice located in downtown Los Angeles. The building includes two stories (plus 
basement) and is of steel·frame construction with exterior precast concrete cladding. The 
building was previously used as an office for the Department of Interior (Minera1s 
Management), and is now utilized by Department of Justice in conjunction with their 
Insert graphic folio 1104/17 EH29JY15.013smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The project will upt,l'fadc outdated building systems and realign the tenant agency work 
space. The work includes heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HV AC) system 
replacements and upgrades, fire protection replacement, plumbing upgrades, interior 
seismic work, electrical distribution upgrades, elevator upgrades, and exterior 
construction. In addition, abandoned mechanical· areas will be converted to rentable 
square footage, and the tenant agency wiU be realigned as required for efficient 
The 59yearold asset requires significant reinvestment to continue providing reliable 
service for years to come. The building has not undergone a major reinvestment since 
originally constructed. Currently. the systems are beyond their useful life requiring 
costly fabrication of parts when replacement items are necessary. In addition. DOJ 
requires reconfiguration and renovation of interior space in the building to support its 
mission, accommodate additional personnel, improve space utilization, and increase 
workplace efficiencies. Minimal investment in this facility is the most costeffective long 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Perfonnance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/18 EH29JY15.014smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The 30~year, present value cost of alteration is $9,937,000 less than the cost of leasing 
Insert graphic folio 1104/19 EH29JY15.015smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/20 EH29JY15.016smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEJauuary %015 _J'_trJOIIIIef I Housing Plan 
Loc:atiozss Office I Tollll Office St1Jrap Special I Total Office I Total 
us. tor Justice 148 173 38.340 I 505 2.142 41.987 165 
All oondi oflia: tenants um;~2 Proijj!_· Cum:nt UR exclucUs 8,435 USF of offi<:c support space 
PJoposcd UR excludes 7,352 USF of office suppon ~· 
NOTES: 'Toul USF in proposed i~ due to obsoJctc mcchaniall an:a bc:ing couvcrtcd to USF fur lt'Chnic~a~~ shop 
• Office Utilization Rate= total offiCie !1pi10: available for office petS()Illlel. UR calcvllltion excludes office suppon ~ USF 
'Tolal Building USI"Itatc .. total building USf (off tee, stmage. special) available ror all building OOC\IJ)allt.s (ollice and notH>ffw: ~~~nt,.i) 
USf means !he portion of 1~ building available for W~e by a tenant'spmcnneland furnishings and space available joinlly to !h.: oo:upaniS of 1M building 190 190 Proposed 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade building systems and 
undertake exterior repairs at the Denver Federal Center (DFC) Building 56 located at 
West 6th Avenue & Kipling Street in Lakewood, Colorado, at a design cost of $613,000, an estimated construction cost of $5,022,000 and a management and inspection cost of $507,000 for a total estimated project cost of 
$6,142,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/22 EH29JY15.017smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
upbrradc building systems and undertake exterior repairs at the Denver Federal Center 
(DFC) Building 56, at West 6111 Avenue & Kipling Street in Lakewood, CO. In addition to 
addressing heating, ventilation. and air conditioning (HV AC), fire alarm, roofing, and 
exterior closure deficiencies, the project also promotes energy savings. 
Roof Replacement, Exterior Repairs, HV AC and Fire Alarm Upgrades 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
Building 56 is part of the DFC•s main campus and contains 354,159 gross square feet. 
Originally constructed in 1941 as part of the Denver Ordinance Plant, Building 56 is one 
of the largest buildings on the DFC campus and provides office, laboratory, and industrial 
Insert graphic folio 1104/23 EH29JY15.018smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Fann Service Agency, Rural Housing Service, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 
The proposed project involves numerous upgrades to the building exterior, including 
replacement of the roof, repairs to the exterior walls, limited reinstal1ation of exterior 
brick, and replacement of the exterior rollup door. Interior system upgrades include the 
replacement of the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system's aged air 
handler unit dampers and pneumatic controls and the installation of a new building wide 
fire alann system. The project also will abate hazardous materials encountered during 
The roof is more than 30 years old, in poor condition, and beyond its useful life. There 
have been water leaks into tenant agency space, causing damage to the building structure 
and tenant property and resulting in work outages. Replacement of the roof will also 
improve insulation and promote energy efficiency. The project will not impact sections 
of the roof that were affected during the High Performance Green Building ARRA solar 
The building has gaps in the exterior perimeter walls where air, moisture and other 
contaminates and occasionally wind driven snow enter the building and tenant spaces and 
conditioned air escapes the building. The exterior walls need to be repaired, gaps sealed 
and exterior brick reinstalled to prevent further damage, improve energy efficiency and 
The exterior rollup door is original, beyond its useful life and requires maintenance on a 
regular basis. The door wm be replaced with an insu1ated door that meets current energy 
Insert graphic folio 1104/24 EH29JY15.019smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
pcrfonnancc requirements and eliminates the entry of air, moisture and other 
The existing dampers and controls on the building air handling units are past their useful 
life, allow air infiltration, and create inefficiencies in the building heating and air 
conditioning. This project proposes to fix the leaky dampers and allow better control of 
outside air entering the space with upgraded digital energy efficient equipment. 
The existing fire alarm system is also past its useful life and has become increasingly 
difficult and costly to repair. The system currently docs not meet the requirements in 
GSA PBSPI 00 Facilities Standards tbr the Public Buildings Service or the Architectural 
Barriers Act Accessibility Standards (ABAAS). The building requires installation of a 
The building offers both light industrial and laboratory space, including space used by the 
Bureau of Reclamation for electrical testing of equipment and engineering testing of 
structural dam models. Undertaking the necessary infrastructure improvements wiJI help 
ensure longterm tenancy and meet customer agency needs. Building 56 offers unique 
space for its federal tenants that would be difficult to find or replicate in the private 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the FaciJities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Insert graphic folio 1104/25 EH29JY15.020smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
Insert graphic folio 1104/26 EH29JY15.021smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ __..Fe"""""bt,I,Jnwmury~2...,,,._c.2.u.O ..... J5..._ ________ _ 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for phase III of a multiphase alteration project to correct significant building deficiencies of the historic Theodore Levin U.S. Courthouse located at 231 West Lafayette Boulevard in Detroit, Michigan, 
including replacement or repair of major heating and air conditioning system components including air handling units and fiberboard ductwork and upgrades to the building automation system and plumbing, at an estimated construction cost of $62,752,000 and a 
management and inspection cost of $6,040,000 for a total estimated project cost for phase III of $68,792,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/28 here EH29JY15.022smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) is proposing phase Ill of a multiphase 
alteration project to correct significant building deficiencies of the historic TI1eodore 
Levin U.S. Courthouse (Levin Courthouse) located at 231 West Lafayette Boulevard in 
Detroit, MI. The Levin Courthouse houses the Federal Courts for the Eastern District of 
Michigan. The proposed multiphase project will correct deficiencies to ensure the long 
tenn occupancy of federal agencies by providing a safe and reliable work environment. 
The proposed scope for this phase includes replacement or repair of major heating and air 
conditioning system components including air handling units and fiberboard ductwork 
and upgrades to the building automation system and plumbing. 
plumbing and fire and life safety upgrades, interior construction 
Insert offset folio 1104/29 here EH29JY15.023smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for a1terations above the standard 
The Levin Courthouse, located at 231 West Lafayette Boulevard in Detroit, Ml was 
constructed in 1934 in the NeoClassical Revival style using reinforced concrete with an 
Indiana limestone faQade. The building is 771 ,904 gross square feet and contains 19 
inside parking spaces. It has I 0 stories above grade with a pair of twostory penthouses 
and a below grade level where vehic]es access the basement for deliveries, prisoner 
transfer to the building and judges' parking. The central core of the bui1ding opens to 
fonn a lightwell from the 3rd to 1 olfj floors. The building is located on the southeastern 
edge of the central portion of the central business district of Detroit. This asset is I isted on 
the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property to the historic district. 
Judiciary, Department of Justice, CongressHouse of Representatives~ General Services 
The threephase project includes replacement of the building's chillers, air handling units, 
perimeter fan coil units, fiberboard ductwork, and upgrades to the Building Automation 
System. The building's electrical distribution system and emergency generator will be 
replaced and cloth wiring will be removed throughout the bui1ding. Domestic water 
piping will be repaired and restrooms will be renovated to provide Architectural Barriers 
Act Accessibility Standard (ABAAS) compliance. An egress stairwell will be added, the 
fire alann will be replaced, and the sprinkler system will be extended to provide full 
coverage. Public elevators will be replaced and a new freight elevator will be added. The 
basement loading dock area will be modified to better facilitate deliveries to the building. 
Hazardous materials related to the scope of work will be abated. 
This proposed final phase includes replacement or repair of major heating and air 
conditioning system components, including air handling units and fiberboard ductwork 
and upgrades to the building automation system and plumbing throughout the building. 
Insert offset folio 1104/30 here EH29JY15.024smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
In this phase, temporary 'swing space will be constructed within the building for 
successive tenants to occupy while work is perfonned in their space. The buildout of 
internal swing space will require the relocation of a tenant from the building into external 
Phase I (FY20 14) included the design of the entire project and the addition of the egress 
stairweli and Fort Street stair corridor, a new freight elevator, replacement of the chillers, 
Phase 1I {FY20 15) of the project included the replacement of the fire alarm, electrical 
distribution system and emergency generator, perimeter fan coils, and the majority of the 
passenger elevators, and extension of the fire sprinkler system 
The historic Levin Courthouse serves as the Federal Courts for the Eastern District of 
Michigan. In recent years, the Courthouse has experienced electrical outages, failures of 
the HV AC system, elevator outages, and frequent flooding resulting from pipe ruptures, 
resulting in major disruptions to tenant agencies' mission execution. Major building 
systems are well beyond their useful lives, do not comply with current codes, and are 
inefficient and difficult to maintain. Fire and life safety systems are outdated and egress 
Public restrooms · do not comply with accessibility requirements and the current 
configuration of the basement loading dock area prevents the delivery of materials during 
nonnal business hours. The building's freight elevator is undersized, which makes the 
Insert offset folio 1104/31 here EH29JY15.025smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
This project wilt be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Setvice and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Prospectus Level Projects in the BuDding fuast 10 years) 
Insert offset folio 1104/32 here EH29JY15.026smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The 30year, present value cost of alteration is $76, 163,000 less than the cost of new 
Insert offset folio 1104/33 here EH29JY15.027smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ __,fl""'e.._b ..... n~.~.~mowry+"""2.,_, ....,.2 .... 0.,_,15...__ _______ _ 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to undertake critical life safety 
infrastructure renovations and to replace and upgrade the remainder of the deteriorating sewer system infrastructure at the 
Goodfellow Federal Complex located at 4300 Goodfellow Boulevard in St. Louis, Missouri, at a design cost of $3,101,000, an estimated construction cost of $38,079,000 and a management and inspection cost of $2,667,000 for 
a total estimated project cost of $43,847,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/35 here EH29JY15.028smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
undertake critical life safety infrastructure renovations and to replace and upgrade the 
remainder of the deteriorating sewer system infrastructure at the Goodfellow Federal 
Complex (Goodfellow) located at 4300 Goodfellow Boulevard, St. Louis, MO. 
Electrical system replacement, maintaining land repairs, and building structure repairs, 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
The Goodfellow Federal Complex consists of 24 buildings constructed out of steel frame 
and concrete floors with masonry exterior walls. The complex was built in 1941 by the 
Department of Defense and was utilized as an Anny Small Anns Munitions Plant to 
support the World War II effort. On July 1, 1996, the ownership and operation of this 
complex was transferred from the Anny to GSA. GSA renovated the complex into a 
Insert offset folio 1104/36 here EH29JY15.029smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Department of Defense (DoD) Defense Infonnation System Agency (DISA), U.S. 
Army, U.S. Department of Veterans Affair, U.S. Department of Commerce, and GSA 
The proposed project will address the fire and life safety and occupational safety/health 
deficiencies within the electrical vaults system nnd substations, and complete the 
Proposed repairs to the electrical vault system include waterproofing the exterior concrete 
tunnels; removing of an debris nnd abandoned utilities; cleaning and sealing the tunnel 
interior; mold remediation; replacing electrical lighting and components; replacing sump 
pumps and fans; reconnection to Building Automation System; repairing leaking piping 
and re·insulation; replacing mechanical ventilation system equipment; and installing new 
The building structure repairs for Building 103 will focus on dehumidification of the 
crawl space and repairing deteriorated column connections. The building structure 
repairs will also address electrical issues with lighting and panels; and removal of 
The sewer system portion of the project includes completion of the replacement and 
separation of the existing sanitary and stonn sewers, attaching new storm sewers to an 
existing stonn water detention area, and landscape and hardscape restoration. The' new 
system will incorporate sustainable practices to reduce stonnwater runoff and enhance 
The electrical vaults and utility tunnel systems are in critical disrepair. Currently, the 
vaults and tunnel are in violation of OSHA regulation 29CFR 1910 and NFPA life safety 
101 guidelines for the electrical vaults system. Access to the vaults has been severely 
Insert offset folio 1104/37 here EH29JY15.030smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
restricted due to satcty concerns creating an unsafe environment tbr employees and 
contractors who are required to pertbnn work in the tunnels. 
The 60 year old utility tunnels, which house electrical, telecom network cabling, 
domestic potable and fire protection water supplies for various buildings on the campus 
are underground, and due to insufficient water proofing of the exterior, are experiencing 
water infiltration. The infiltmtion is causing delamination of the interior twmel walls; 
corrosion of structural steel piping supports, lighting fixtures, and some stream piping; 
mold and humidity issues which are having a negative impact on the indoor air quality of 
the buildings above. These deteriorating elements increase risk for Joss of service, 
potentially impacting the 2417 mission critical operations for many of the tenants. 
Water infiltration is also impacting the crawl space of Building 103 and is causing 
humidification issues, electrical issues, deterioration of the column connections and 
negative air quality impacts to the tenant spaces above the crawl space. 
Approximately 60 percent of Goodfellow's sewer system has been replaced under 
ARRA. Original ARRA project scope was to separate and reuse the existing sanitary 
system and add a storm water system. However, it was determined that the original 
scope was not viable due to deterioration and code, requiring GSA to limit the scope of 
the ARRA project. This proposed project will replace the remainder of the deteriorating 
sewer system infrastructure. The existing sewer system is leaching, causing soil erosion 
and building settlement egress issues. The existing sewer is causing sidewalks connecting 
the various buildings on the complex to settle or sink into the ground, causing 
Architectural Barriers Act Accessibility Standards and potential tripping hazards. 
Undertaking this proposed project will promote the government's commitment to 
achieving the mandates set forth in Executive Order 13 J 54 and the Clean Water Act, and 
correct safety deficiencies. The proposed project incorporates sustainable practices to 
reduce storm water runoff via the utilization of current detention ponds for onsite 
irrigation and will enhance the site with native landscaping. 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Insert offset folio 1104/38 here EH29JY15.031smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Alternatives Considered {30year, present value cost analysis) FY Amount 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
Insert offset folio 1104/39 here EH29JY15.032smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ ___.Eli.:Seb....,.t'l.i.llm,..ry~.2,_, .~.2;u,Ou.1..~..s ________ _ 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for Phase I of a twophase repair and alteration project to correct building deficiencies at the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House, a National Historic Landmark, located at 1 Bowling Green, New York 
City, New York, including water infiltration remediation in the subbasement and basement levels to prevent further damage to the building, at a design cost for Phase I and Phase II of $5,204,000, an estimated construction cost for Phase I of $38,079,000 and a management and inspection cost for Phase I of $3,215,000 for a total estimated project cost of $46,498,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/41 here EH29JY15.033smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes Phase I of a twophase repair and 
alteration project to correct building deficiencies at the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom 
House, a National Historic Landmark located at I Bowling Green, New York City, New 
York. This proposed project (Phase I) will remediate water infiltration in the sub­
basement and basement level to prevent further damage to the building. Phase U, to be 
submitted as part of a future request, proposes replacing the skylight, replacing the 
exterior windows with blast windows and repairing the laylight. The proposed twophase 
project win ensure the Iongtenn occupancy of federal agencies by providing a safe and 
Exterior construction and restoration; interior construction and restoration; hazardous 
Insert offset folio 1104/42 here EH29JY15.034smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House, located in lower Manhattan at the 
beginning of Broadway and just east of Battery Park, was designed by the renowned 
architect Cass Gilbert and includes artwork by Daniel Chester French and Reginald 
Marsh. The building presents a square plan with a central rotunda and surrounding 
corridors. It contains 501,225gross square feet of space and features a heavily detailed 
gray granite fat;:ade and monumental sculptural elements located in front of the building. 
The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and was 
U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Smithsonian Institution, U.S. Department of Transportation, 
Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S.· Department of 
Homeland Security and the National Archives and Records Administration. 
Phase I of the project is intended to remediate water infiltration in the subbasement level 
and basement level of the building. This project will include the excavation/replacement 
of the sidewalk around the building to provide access to the affected areas in the sub­
basement. It will involve leak mitigation for the vehicle ramp, the access hatches, the 
sidewalk vault and the exterior joints and replacement/repair of piping as needed. The 
project will also involve major structural repairs to support beams as needed as well as 
Phase II of the project consists of the replacement of all exterior windows with blast 
protection windows on all sides and replacement of the skylight and repair of the laylight 
in the rotunda. Restoration of murals in the rotunda including architectural repair work 
for the entire ceiling in the rotunda, and restoration of exterior sculptures on the northern 
fa~ade parapet including the center cornice will also be completed. 
Insert offset folio 1104/43 here EH29JY15.035smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Water infiltration in the subbasement and basement is jeopardizing the structural 
integrity of the building and building systems. Electrical wiring and conduit has corroded 
and has been replaced due to water infiltration. Water and drain piping located under the 
sidewalk vault could collapse causing additional damage and is a potential safety hazard. 
Falling debris from damaged areas could pose a safety concern to personnel and would 
result in more costly emergency work. Water infiltrating into the windows is also 
causing damage to the building interior and is negatively affecting the building's energy 
The building does not meet current standards for facility security. Additionally, age and 
exposure to weather and the elements is negatively impacting the building's exterior and 
interior artwork. Failure to make the appropriate repairs to the bui1ding will result in 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. 111is is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. 
Insert offset folio 1104/44 here EH29JY15.036smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Goven1ment need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ _.E ...... eb ........ n:t.,..~~_.2...., • ......._2Q,...l._s._ _______ _ 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for the reconfiguration and alteration of vacant space to consolidate functions and meet the longterm needs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, and the U.S. Corps of Engineers at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building located at 26 Federal Plaza in New York, New York, at an 
estimated construction cost of $89,211,000 and a management and inspection cost of 
$7,133,000 for a total estimated project cost of $96,344,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/46 here EH29JY15.037smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the rcconfit:,JUration and alteration of vacant space at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office 
Building (FOB) located in New York City, New York, to consolidate functions and meet 
the longtenn needs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), U.S. Department of 
Health and Human Services (HHS), and the U.S. Corp of Engineers (USACE). The 
proposed consolidation will reduce the overall federal footprint in downtown Manhattan, 
recapture approximately 312,000 rentable square feet (rsf) and 235,000 usable square feet 
(usf) of vacant space, upgrade multiple building systems, remove hazardous materials, 
and eliminate annual lease payments to the private sector by approximately $13,000,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
The Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building (FOB) is located at 26 Federal Plaza, New 
York, NY. It consists of three interconnected buildings: a 45story office building plus 
Insert offset folio 1104/47 here EH29JY15.038smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
basement, an eightstory courthouse and office building built in 1967 (the James L. 
Watson Court of lntemational Trade), and a 45story addition (Annex) built along the 
west side of the original 45story building in 1977. The two 45story buildings function 
together as the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building. The Watson Court of 
International Trade (CIT) is connected to the FOB via a 4story pedestrian bridge. The 
entire Jacob K. Javits Federal Building complex consists of approximately 2.9 million 
Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI}, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 
(HHS), U.S. Department of Defense Anny Corps of Engineers {USACE) 
The proposed project includes the buildout of approximately 312,000 rsf and 235,000 
usf of space to accommodate the FBI, which is currently housed in leased space, and 
consolidated space for HHS and USACE, which are currently located within the FOB. In 
addition, the project will remove asbestos, upgrade mechanical and electrical systems, 
In late 2015, GSA will to move to One World Trade Center, vacating multiple floors in 
the FOB and providing an opportunity for the consolidation of agency space within the 
The FBI has an immediate need to relocate their New York Field Office Joint Terrorism 
Task Force and Joint Operation Center, currently housed in costly leased space at 85 
Tenth Avenue, New York, NY, into the FOB. The FBI, which currently occupies floors 
22 through 28, will be provided contiguous space within the FOB. Additionally, the FBI 
currently has parking space associated with its operations at 85 Tenth Avenue, housed in 
Insert offset folio 1104/48 here EH29JY15.039smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
leased space at 516520 West 20th Street, New York, NY. The FBI will improve their 
overall utilization rate from 196 usf to 132 usf. 
HHS and USACE, which arc currentlylocated in the FOB, will be able to consolidate 
their opemtions within the renovated space. HHS will improve their overall utilization 
rate from 281 usfto 174 usfand USACE from 266 usfto 199 usf. 
Asbestos removal and upgrades to the fire aiann system will ensure occupant safety. 
Planned up~:,rrades to the HVAC mechanical system and replacement of perimeter 
induction units are necessary to sustain the life of the equipment. Upgrades to the 
lighting system to LED with associated control systems and modifications to normal and 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Perfonnance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above minimum performance criteria. 
Insert offset folio 1104/49 here EH29JY15.040smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The 30year, present value cost of alteration is $180,316,000 less than the cost of leasing 
with an equivalent annual cost advantage of $10,30 l ,000. 
Insert offset folio 1104/50 here EH29JY15.041smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on __ ...... Fe"'""""bn'"""""]a .... ryll'2..,,'""""""2 ..... n1 ..... 5..__ _______ _ 
Insert offset folio 1104/51 here EH29JY15.042smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEJanuary 2015 Loatloo$ P=onncl 
lAue liS Tenth A~. NY. NY f!<llO 602 602 
cc~~·... 1~s Cllt'mlt Ollk:e UR c:JU:Iudes 71,199usfofoflke SllJlPOit spac:c:. 
PI'®QSCd Office UR cxtludts 45.2$8 ~t~f of offict:: $lll!flOrt ~:~~aCe. 
NOTES: 1 USF., dlc portion or the bulldm. availabk ror IISI! by all!nant's ~~ ud lilmiWngs and JPaCC 1vailablc jomtly to lbe oecupanl$ oflbe bllildix!g. 
2 TO\al ~FBI usia=l within the FOB is IIJlFOKimaiCiy 350,000 USF. 
3 Office Utilizatkm kate • total otr..:e IJ7liCll availablt' for oft"ICC pen;cm:nel. UR cala!lation e~ludes cffic:e support space USF. 
4 Total Blll1ding USF Rale ~ lOW buildillg USF (oflke, lltlnlgc, ~ill!) available for Ill! buildillg oceupacts Co~. and OOIK!ffice pct'50ClllCI). 
S Total cllfi'Cflt USf fw lbe JW~b Javits FOB Is ~ly l, '100.000 USF PROPOSED U#bleSqua 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and 
alterations to address exterior deficiencies at the historic Federal Office Building located at 909 1st Avenue in Seattle, Washington, at a design cost of $1,690,000, an estimated construction cost of $17,515,000 and a management and inspection cost of $1,645,000 for a total estimated project cost of 
$20,850,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/53 here EH29JY15.043smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
address exterior deficiencies at the historic Federal Office Building, located at 909 I 51 
The Federal Office Building, constructed in 1933, is listed on the National Register of 
Historic Places and provides approximately 305,000 gross square feet over 11 stories, 
including subbasement and basement levels. There are 53 indoor parking spaces located 
in the subbasement level. The building is located across the street from the Henry M. 
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development; U.S. Department of Interior 
Department; Equal Employment Opportunity Commission; Department of Energy; U.S. 
Department of Health and Human Services; U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs; U.S. 
Insert offset folio 1104/54 here EH29JY15.044smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project will restore deteriorated exterior facade to stop material degradation 
and water intrusion into the building. The project will clean the exterior masonry of all 
biological growth and inspect, repair, and repoint the mortar joints, granite, brick, and 
terra cotta to provide protection from water penetration and prevent dislodging debris 
from falling onto the sidewalk below. The project will also replace roofs on the wing and 
dome shoulder and restore steel windows by stripping exterior paint, removing all 
corrosion, replacing broken glass, and installing new glazing putty, and restore the 
The proposed restoration project is required to restore the deteriorated exterior facade and 
to stop material degradation and water intrusion into the building, to protect the tenants 
and general public. There are multiple locations on the exterior envelope where materials 
have decayed due to water infiltration in the interior wall cavity, causing damage and 
biological growth on the masonry. The window putty is deteriorated and the steel casing 
surrounding the windows is corroding causing glass to break. The roof on the wing and 
shoulder dome is deteriorated. Without restoration, the exterior materials will continue to 
degrade, compromising the building structure and putting pedestrians and tenants at risk 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Insert offset folio 1104/55 here EH29JY15.045smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far Jess than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
Insert offset folio 1104/56 here EH29JY15.046smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need, 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ _..FI...:.eb.ta:..P.w~1fld.!ry~a2,_, ...,2""'0c15ol.ildings Service 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to repair and restore the granite 
Avenue in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, at a design cost of $2,026,000, an estimated construction cost of $23,294,000 and a management and inspection cost of $2,071,000 for a total estimated project cost of $27,391,000, a prospectus 
for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/58 here EH29JY15.047smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration {GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
repair and restore the !,1fanite fhvade at the historic Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse 
The Milwaukee Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse in Milwaukee, WI, is a fivestory, 
granite structure originally constructed between 1892 andl899 and is listed on the 
National Register of Historic Places. Between 1929 and 1932, a fivestory addition was 
erected to the south of the original building which was later increased in height to seven 
stories during the 1940s. The FB/CT, including the addition, has 543,510 gross square 
feet of space. Each comer of the original building features a short, round tower with a 
conical roof and a skylight atrium in the center. The building also features an open air 
light court at its center that extends down to the roof of the first floor. 
Judiciary, Department of Justice, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and U.S. Tax 
Insert offset folio 1104/59 here EH29JY15.048smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project includes the repair and restoration of the building's faQade. The 
fa\!adc repairs include the stone cornices and t:,JUttcrs at the turrets on the North building 
and damaged granite corners on South building. The project also includes treatment and 
preservation of the exterior stone and brick masonry, as well as tuckpointing and sealant 
Starting in 2010, pieces of the spalled granite faQade and stone felt from the exterior of 
the North and South buildings to the ground creating hazardous conditions for building 
tenants and the public. As a temporary measure to prevent similar occurrences until the 
fa\!fide is restored, structural netting was installed on all six turrets on the North building 
and on the four corners of the South building in 2011. 
All the stone cornices on the North building show significant levels of spalling and 
cracking. Aged steel anchor bolts set in the top face of the cornice stone have corroded. 
The gutter's drip edge offers minimal overlap with the stone cornice below and is 
allowing water to infiltrate behind the face of the stone. 
The comers on the South building show a remarkable amount of displacement and 
cracking. Repairs were undertaken in the 1990s, however the repairs did not address the 
root causes of the displacement nor reset the displaced stones; consequentially, the 
repairs have failed and the stones have continued to move. reopening the cracks and 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Insert offset folio 1104/60 here EH29JY15.049smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than tho cost of leasing or constructing a new 
Insert offset folio 1104/61 here EH29JY15.050smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Govemment need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ _...E ... eh ..... ni...LWm~xy*'2:;...,,,_,.,.20i.l..J._S ........... ________ _ 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for the continued development of the DHS consolidated 
headquarters at St. Elizabeths Campus in Washington, DC in accordance with and as revised and reduced by the 2015 DHS Headquarters Consolidation Enhanced Plan at an additional design cost of $18,422,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included 
in this resolution, as amended by this resolution. This resolution amends the resolution 
approving prospectus PDC–0002–WA11 on December 2, 2010 by reducing the estimated construction cost by $18,422,000. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/63 here EH29JY15.051smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
GSA proposes to continue the ongoing development of the DHS consolidated headquarters at St. 
Elizabeths Campus by continuing work on the perimeter security, completing the final 
construction of the access road and new interchange between Malcolm X A venue and Interstate 
2951, rehabilitating buildings necessary to accommodate components of the DHS Secretary 
directorate plus Undersecretary of Management (USM) to be housed in the West Addition to the 
Center Building, AJiison Quad, Home and Relief Buildings, and Administration Row (Building 
69 plus Buildings 72 through 75), continuing design of future phases, and historic preservation 
Management and Inspection (Infrastructure, Highway Interchange & Phase 2a) .... 24, 135.000 
Estimated Construction Cost (Infrastructure, Highway Interchange & Phase 2a) . 317.479,000 
GSA and DHS have worked collaboratively to update and revise the original DHS HQ 
consolidation program at St. Elizaheths Campus. The updated program, referred to as the 
'enhanced plan' seeks a more efficient utilization of space at a lower cost. The West Campus is 
a 176acre National Historic Landmark that included 70 existing buildings containing 
approximately 1.2 million gsf of existing space. Several existing buildings have been 
demolished to make way for the USCG headquarters; as of December, 2014 there were 61 
buildings remaining that contain approximately 1 million gsf. Under the enhanced plan, DHS 
and GSA cut back on the overall scope of the program. DHS components will require less space 
This includes mitigation work such 118 landscaping and retaining walls for the access road along Shepherd Pkwy. 
2 This represents the balance of committee approval needed for this request less remaining appropriations needed for 
the Infrastructure Program and Highway Interchange Program, neither of which is subject to the requirements of 40 
Insert offset folio 1104/64 here EH29JY15.052smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
through realized efficiencies and the FEMA 's headquarters that was planned for the East 
Campus will be consolidated onto the West Campus. The West Campus, however, will continue 
to be developed. in accordance with guidelines set out in the Master Plan as amended and/or as a 
result of continued compliance with NHPA and NEPA during specific project designs4• 
Committee approval and appropriations for Phase 1 of the project · construction of a new 
headquarters facility tbr the USCG called the Munro Building have already been obtained. 
Development Phase 2a includes construction of office space to consolidate DHS headquarters 
and the rescoped DHS Operations Center (DOC), house various DHS leadership components, 
and provide amenity space. Phase 2b proposes the construction of a new headquarters facility 
for FEMA plus appropriate amenity space. Parking will also be included with these later phases. 
Phase 3 will accommodate portions of the remaining elements ofDHS headquarters units such as 
CBP and ICE. The project will include the rehabilitation of existing space as well as construction 
of new space. This prospectus seeks approval for appropriations to finish mitigation measures for 
the access road and interchange between Malcolm X A venue and I295. The Firth Sterling 
portion of the road was completed in conjunction with completion of Phase 1. Also included will 
be continued work on perimeter security for the campus, rehabilitation of several existing 
Phase 3 ICE, CBP (to be completed) Coast Guard Headquarters 
4 The Master Plan can be found at the project's web site: http://www.stelizabethsdevelopment com/ 
Insert offset folio 1104/65 here EH29JY15.053smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
USCG, DHS Headquarters Elements, the DOC, FEMA, CBP, ICE, and a Leadership Presence of 
Other DHS Components not relocating to the St. Elizabeths Campus 
The proposed sites to be acquired are as follows: 
1. Approximately two acres of land located on Firth Sterling Avenue in southeast Washington, 
DC, where it is contiguous to the northwest comer of St. Elizabeths West Campus; the land 
2. Approximately one acre of land located along the east side of Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Avenue in southeast Washington, DC, between the Unified Communications Center and the 
current tunnel between the East Campus and West Campus. The land is currently controlled 
Washington, DC, between the St. Elizabeths West Campus and Malcolm X Avenue, 
parallel to Interstate 295. The land is currently controlled by the National Park Service. 
Insert offset folio 1104/66 here EH29JY15.054smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Infrastructure repair I replacement costs include: demolition of specific buildings identified by 
the Master Plan; replacement of site utilities including electricity substations and local utility 
requirements, an addition to the existing power plant for a fully functional CUP with co­
generation capability; distribution systems for electricity, natural gas, domestic water, storm 
water, waste water, data systems and telecommunications; roadways, surface parking and 
sidewalks; refurbishment of historical ornamental landscape and creation of new landscape 
features as needed including flora; cleanup I repair of existing tunnels on site to improve safety 
and for potential use as systems distribution pathways; and site security fencing, entry gates, 
guard stations, and other site security features. There was $46 million for the access road 
construction originally included in the Infrastructure budget in prior years that has been moved to 
the Highway Interchange program budget in Part III of this prospectus. 
The planned alterations are necessary to preserve, maintain, and reuse this historic site. Existing 
infrastructure and the landscape have suffered from aging and deferred maintenance. The utility 
distribution systems are antiquated and deteriorated. Building repairs include repair and 
improvement of structural and life safety systems while maintaining historic integrity. The 
landscape will be maintained, protected, and preserved to the extent feasible. 
s Unused project funds originally requested for acquisition of parcels along Firth Sterling Avenue were redirected to 
Phase 1 b of the project to cover unforeseen conditions. Please see Section V. Phase 1 b footnotes. 
Insert offset folio 1104/67 here EH29JY15.055smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) for Infrastrueture .••••••••.••.•••.••.•••••••••••••.•••. $372,439,000 
The Highway Interchange Program that was developed as part of the Master Plan proposes an 
access road to the St. Elizabeths West Campus that extends between Firth Sterling Avenue to the 
north and Malcolm X Avenue to the south, parallel to Interstate·295. Funds for construction of 
the access road in the amount of $46 million were originally included in the Infrastructure 
program described above, but additional transportation improvements have subsequently been 
identified. A new, reconfigured interchange between Malcolm X Avenue and I295 is one of 
these improvements. This reconfiguration will be necessary to direct St. Elizabeths traffic onto 
the access road that, in turn, will mitigate the impacts of additional traffic that is anticipated as 
Insert offset folio 1104/68 here EH29JY15.056smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
the result of the redevelopment of St. EJizabeths. GSA worked closely with FHWA and the DC 
Department of Transportation to prepare an Interchange Justification Report (IJR) to facilitate 
required modifications to the Malcolm X Interchange. Other related transportation improvements 
that are needed as a result of the St. Elizabeths development are also included below as separate 
line items. These improvements need to be funded in conjunction with Phase 2 of the project to 
As of December 9, 2008, GSA and DHS along with NCPC entered into a Programmatic 
Agreement (PA) with the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (ACHP), the District of 
Columbia Historic Preservation Office (DCHPO}, and the United States Federal Highway 
6 These funds were redirected from Jnftastmcture funds in FY2012. 
Insert offset folio 1104/69 here EH29JY15.057smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
undertaken by GSA to "resolve adverse effects from certain complex project situations".8 These 
I. Documentation and recordation including buildings and site, as needed, archives, historic 
structure reports, building preservation plans, landscape preservation treatment and 
2. Public outreach, interpretation, and education including the establishment of a citizens 
advisory panel, a permanent interpretative exhibit, a museum and visitors education center, 
3. Public access program to be developed by GSA and DHS; 
5. The 19111 Century cemetery including interpretative program, perpetual care, and public 
8 Progranunatic Agreement dated December 9, 2008, page 1. 
Insert offset folio 1104/70 here EH29JY15.058smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
9 Square footage is based on USCG housing plan, approved Master Plan, and design documents. 
10 The Field Office is in addition to the USCG housing plan, not included with it. and was ready upon completion of 
11 Unused project funds of $228K from site acquisition were used for M&l to complete Phase 1 b. 
11 Unused project funds $4.05M from site acquisition were used·for unforeseen conditions m Phase lb. 
Insert offset folio 1104/71 here EH29JY15.059smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
13 This includes funds for West Addition that will replace the rescoped DOC under the Enhanced Plan. 
14 This includes fun.ds for Ice House and Hitchcock Hall originally planned for completion in Phase 1. 
15 ECC is for parking garage in ravine that was completed in conjunction with garage for USCG staff. 
17 This includes funds for Ice House and Hitchcock Hall originally planned for completion m Phase 1. 
Insert offset folio 1104/72 here EH29JY15.060smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Insert offset folio 1104/73 here EH29JY15.061smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Cogeneration and Waste Heat: Approximately 30% of the campus power will be produced on 
site via cogenemtion. This percentage represents 100% of the critical campus electrical needs in 
times of emergencies. The waste heat generated by the natural gas fired turbines will be 
converted to both steam and hot water to help heat the buildings and, through steam driven 
Solar Energy: Photovoltaic energy collection arrays were considered for electric street lighting 
but did not meet historic preservation requirement. Large photovoltaic arrays were also found to 
be untenable at the site due to the limited acreage that could be used to house the solar panels. 
However, solar energy collecting panels or roofing membranes have been incorporated on 
portions of the roof tops, for example, the Detached Dining Hall being rehabilitated for use as a 
Geothermal; Geothermal wells will be considered to support heat pump systems for new 
construction of the support buildings, such as the remote delivery facility and pump house. If 
Insert offset folio 1104/74 here EH29JY15.062smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
18 This amount does not include $20,008,000 of planning funds expended by HHS and GSA prior to FY2006. 
Insert offset folio 1104/75 here EH29JY15.063smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
SenateEPW 7/20/2005 $24,900,000 Design of US Coast Guard HQ 
The 30year, present value cost of new construction is $430,201,000 less than the cost ofleasing, 
Insert offset folio 1104/76 here EH29JY15.064smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. PBS 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ...~:.E:e:Qb~~~1~ae~.;:qa;:.• ....!2:.,., .... 2~0M1~5Rerommended /A Q "" 2?~~o~~mris~skm~e~~~.P~ub_li_c_B_uiJd_i_n~s~tNice ______________ ___ 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for design and construction of a new 6,685 gross square foot facility, including the acquisition of approximately eight acres of land, for the United States Department of Agriculture Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service located at the Pembina, North Dakota U.S. Land Port of Entry, at a design cost of $284,000, a wetland mitigation cost of $540,000, an estimated construction cost of $4,297,000 and a management and inspection cost of $236,000 
for a total estimated project cost of $5,357,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/78 here EH29JY15.065smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes the acquisition of approximately 
eight acres of land, along with the design and construction of a new 6,685 gross square 
foot facility for the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Animal and Plant 
Health Inspection Service (APHIS) at the Pembina, North Dakota, U.S. Land Port of 
Entry (LPOE). Construction of this facility provides a permanent solution for APHIS at a 
secure location directly on the port, remedies a potential life safety concern with the 
current location of the temporary modular trailer, improves traffic configuration, places 
all APHIS operations on the U.S. side of the U.S./Canada border and eliminates rental 
payments to the private sector of approximately $317,000 annually. 
among those previously included in GSA's FY 2015 Capita! Investment 
Program. The prospectus was not approved by the Senate Committee on Environment 
and Public Works and the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and 
the project could not be accommodated within the enacted level. GSA is resubmitting the 
project in FY 2016 with no change in scope or budget. 
The proposed pennanent housing solution for APHIS at the Pembina LPOE will be 
constructed to include both on"load and offload animal inspection facilities with an 
administrative support wing at one location. The new building will contain two main 
components: 1) an enclosed offload animal inspection area with runways, pens, chutes, 
and loading ramps. 2) an administrative office area with a counter, waiting room. water 
fountain, and a unisex restroom for customers. The building will include infrastructure 
.for modem mechanical, plumbing and electrical systems. It will adapt design elements 
that will confonn to the rest of the existing port. 
The project includes land acquisition and wetland construction. GSA will acquire up to 
eight acres of vacant land in the Pembina area and convert the land to designated 
~Additional funding by a Reimbursable Work Authorization (R W A} may be required to provide for as yet 
Insert offset folio 1104/79 here EH29JY15.066smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for emerging technologies and 
alterations above the standard nonnally provided by the GSA. 
1The project may contain a variance in gross square footage from that listed in this prospectus upon 
3Wetland Mitigation includes site acquisition costs for approximately eight acres of land and the 
comtruction of new wetlands to mitigate the loss of wetlands due to comtruction. This will occur 
simultaneously with the Design phase. Further details are dependent upon Design elements. 
4ECC is broken into two partsSite Development Cost and Building Cost 
5Site development costs include paved commercial construction and circulation area.'! with space for 15 
in&pection lanes, extension of existing Port utilities to the new s1te area, site lighting, fencing and gate!>, and 
Insert offset folio 1104/80 here EH29JY15.067smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed new facility wiH be located alongside southbound lnterstnte29 on 
governmentowned land at the southwest corner of the port. 
The Pembina, North Dakota, U.S. LPOE is the busiest northern port between Blaine, 
Washington and Detroit, Michigan, and the fifth busiest along the U.S./Canada border. 
The port has seen a steady increase in traffic flow since its completion in 1997. In 2003, 
in response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks, the original APHIS building was demolished to 
accommodate new LPOE Vehicle and Cargo Inspection System (V ACIS) requirements. 
A modular trailer was leased and moved to a landscape median island near the center of 
the port as a temporary housing solution for APHIS. Onload inspections are conducted 
at this location (in the median with traffic flowing on both sides). Offload inspections 
are performed at the Emerson Canadian Port where OSA leases another facility for 
APHIS approximately one mile north and east of the Pembina LPOE. This is 
Commercial truck parking and circulation are inadequate with little or no lane control. 
With the increase in traffic flow this has created a potential 1ife safety concern for APHIS 
inspectors and truck drivers. In addition to the potential life safety concern, the 
temporary modular trailer is in poor condition and requires ongoing repairs to keep the 
building habitable. The proposed project will provide APHIS with a facility that is 
operationally safe and efficient. Construction of a permanent inspection facility will not 
6 Upon construction completion, the newly converted wetlands will be monitored for a period of at least 
Insert offset folio 1104/81 here EH29JY15.068smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PB§ 
Approximately three acres of undeveloped governmentowned wetlands on the southwest 
corner of the Pembina Port will be used to prepare the new project site. A thorough 
Feasibility Study has determined the proposed site to be the most advantageous location 
to maximize traffic flow and security for the Port and its stakeholders. To mitigate the 
reduction of wetlands to the environment, the N EPA requires the creation of two net new 
acres of wetlands per each acre of wetlands negatively affected by construction. 
Since it is somewhat common for a small portion of newly created humanmade wetlands 
to fail to convert properly to permanent wetlands, an extra two acres of site acquisition 
have been included in the project for contingency purposes, allowing for the acquisition 
of up to eight acres of land for wetland mitigation. The newly converted wetlands wm be 
monitored for a period of at least five years to ensure a successful conversion. 
Upon project completion, onload inspections will take place in 15 openair commercial 
truck parking stalls just outside of the new building. This will no longer require inspector 
personnel or truck operators to cross several lanes of oncoming traffic on foot. 
Other alternatives (off of the port) pose security challenges to APHIS inspection 
personnel and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and logistics issues for commercial 
truck operators. Alternatives locating the APHIS facility in different areas on the port 
were problematic due to traffic flow constraints. The proposed plan is in a strategically 
situated area to facilitate maximum traffic flow at the port. 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. The OSA encourages design 
opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance 
criteria. The proposed project is Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA) and 
Insert offset folio 1104/82 here EH29JY15.069smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
GSA owns and maintains the existing facilities at this Port of Entry; thus new Federal 
construction is in the best interest of the government and the taxpayer. 
Insert offset folio 1104/83 here EH29JY15.070smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on =E1:..::eb=ruacy=,._2......_. =2""0=15,.,__ ________ _ 
Insert offset folio 1104/84 here EH29JY15.071smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEJanuary 2015 
·fat Panbln• LPOEl u.s. of ·APHIS 4 4 1.248 . . l.248 . 
u.s. of APHIS .  786 . 6325 7111 I New APHIS Bul!din2 . 6 
Total 4 4 2.034  6 •. us 8.359 6 
~ ~~~ I ;~~~ 1~1~ Cllllt1lt Office URcxcludts 447 usfofoffice support space. 
P~ Office UR excludes 2<l2 usf of office support space. 
1 USF means the portjon of !be building available for USIC by a tenant's pcnonnel and furnishings and space available jointly to !be occupants of !be building. 
2 Offi:e Utilization Rate= l04aJ olr~ee space available for off&« pcrsoooel. UR calculation excludes office support space US F. 
3 Total Bllildina USF Raw* total buildifls USF (ofti<;e, storage, special) available for all building oe<:upaniS (a !flO:, and oonofficc pmonncl). 6 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replacement lease of up to 473,000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Communications Commission currently located at 445 12th Street SW and 1250 Maryland Avenue SW in Washington, DC at a proposed total annual cost of $23,650,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 180 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 180 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that , 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/86 here EH29JY15.072smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a. replacement lease of up to 
473,000 rentable square feet (RSF) of space to house the Federal Communications 
Commission (FCC), currently located at 445 12th Street, SW, and 1250 Maryland 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for FCC and will improve FCC 
office and overall utilization rates (UR) from 178 to 115 usable square feet (USF) per 
person and 272 to 180 USF per person, respectively, while housing current personnel in 
186,030 RSF less than the total of its current occupancies at the 445 121h Street, SW, and 
1250 Maryland Avenue, SW, locations. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo 
cost of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $32,951,500. 
1 The RSF/USF at the current location is approximately 1.10; however. to maximize competition, a 
RSF/USF ratio of 1.2 is used for the proposed maximum RSF as indicated in the housing plan. 
2 This estimate is for fiscal year 2017 and may be escalated by 1.9 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating 
expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement 
using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis 
for negotiating wilh offurors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
Insert offset folio 1104/87 here EH29JY15.073smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The FCC is responsible for the regulation of interstate and foreign communications by 
radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable; the orderly development and operation of 
broadcast services; and the provision of rapid, efficient nationwide and worldwide 
telephone and telegraph services at reasonable rates. FCC is also responsible for the use 
of communications for promoting safety of life and property and strengthening national 
The current leases at 445 12th Street, SW, and 1250 Maryland Avenue, SW, expire 
October 16, 2017, and October 31, 2017, respectively, and FCC requires continued 
housing to carry out its mission. In addition, FCC wants to capitalize on the opportunity 
presented by the expiring leases to reduce its footprint by 186,030 RSF, or 28.2 percent 
of its current 659,030 RSF and reduce their annual rental costs by approximately $11 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
3 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
Insert offset folio 1104/88 here EH29JY15.074smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued 
housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best 
interest of the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert offset folio 1104/89 here EH29JY15.075smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMarch 2015 
UR = average amoUilt of office space per person 
CurmJt UR excludes 110,159 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 71,364 usf of office support space Total 1.963 228 2.191 
1 USF means the portion of the building evailable for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to U1< occupants of the building. 
1 Calculation excludes Judic!acy, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
1 USF/Person o housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. 
4 R/U Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Personnel 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a new lease of up to 154,000 rentable square feet of space, including 573 official parking spaces, for the Federal Aviation Administration currently located at the Hawthorne Federal Building in Hawthorne, California, at a proposed total annual cost of $7,546,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes authority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 187 square feet or less per person. 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below prospectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, included in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 187 square feet or higher per person. 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that , 
if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
Insert offset folio 1104/91 here EH29JY15.076smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
(GSA) proposes a new lease of up to 154,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) located in the 
The new lease will provide continued housing for FAA and will improve FAA office and 
overall utilization rates from 176 to 112 usable square feet (USF) per person and 261 to 
187 USF per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the new lease 
will reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 19 percent, housing FAA 
personnel in 36,329 RSF less than the total of its current occupancies at the HFB 
Insert offset folio 1104/92 here EH29JY15.077smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The HFB has a serious structural deficiency. GSA is relocating FAA based on lifesafety 
considerations. In addition, the relocation allows FAA to optimize its footprint (reduction 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating 
expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement 
using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis 
for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
2New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for armual changes in real estate taxes and 
Insert offset folio 1104/93 here EH29JY15.078smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
Since FAA will remain housed in the HFB until it relocates to the new lease, interim 
leasing will not be necessary. There is no risk to the Government of a holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert offset folio 1104/94 here EH29JY15.079smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEAugust 2014 Locations Personnel 
Current UR excludes 31,880 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 21,177 usf of office support space 
1439 509 8,047 9,994 1684 1 684 . . 
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3USF/Person =housing plan total USF divided by total personnel 
4RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF PCA01HA15 Hawthorne, CA 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) for 30 minutes. 
rise tonight to talk about something that is positive that this body has done recently, something that is good for America and something that is good for our environment and good for our citizens. What I am talking about is the passage of the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. 
trees. When we have healthy trees and when we have a healthy forest, then we also have better air quality; we have better water quality; we have better wildlife habitat; we have less fire danger; we protect private property and public property, and it is a winwinwin situation for our treasured natural resource of our Federal forest. It is a winning situation for America, as we are good stewards and we conserve this valuable resource that we have. 
us to actively manage our forests. We have qualified personnel in our Forest Service, people who are trained as foresters, people who have the expertise and the experience to manage these forests in a sustainable way; yet our forest managers’ hands have been tied in previous years. 
local constituents, local stakeholders in these collaborative efforts to come up with forest plans, forest management plans, so that they can manage the forests in a way that is good for the local economy, in a way that is good for the wildlife in the forest, in a way that is good for the health of the forest; yet these forest management plans have been held up through frivolous lawsuits from outside groups, sometimes as far as a thousand miles away that file a suit against these plans. 
the end of the day, the forest is not 
managed properly. Because of this, we have seen an increasing amount of forest fires over the past several decades. 
fires, we are destroying our valuable natural resource. Not only are we destroying our resource, we are destroying our budget for the Forest Service. Currently, the single greatest cost to the Forest Service is fire suppression, and the next cost is litigation, and where the cost should be, in the management and health of the forest, comes in third. 
Act of 2015 would do, it would take the focus off of fire suppression and put that focus on fire prevention. These are forestry practices that I have seen carried out in my home State of Arkansas. 
have approximately 2.5 million acres of Federal forest inside my district, on 
the Ouachita National Forest, on the Ozark National Forest, and also in four different U.S. Fish and Wildlife service areas. 
been able to manage these forests in a way that is good for the forest. A lot of this was done in an effort to protect an endangered species, the redcockaded woodpecker. What our Forest Service employees have done is they have gone into the forests, they have assessed it, and they determined what would create the best habitat for this endangered species. They found that a habitat with an open understory, one which has large nesting trees for the woodpecker, is great habitat for the woodpecker. 
and thin the forest—not clearcut it, but thin it—and then develop a fire regime to keep the underbrush out. You might think that thinning the forest and burning the forest would cause a decrease in biodiversity, but our foresters saw something quite the opposite. Our forests in Arkansas were much like the ones across the country, many forests out West. They had been cut as much as a century ago and allowed just to grow back with the only management being putting the fires out when they start. 
is forests are dynamic; they continue to grow until they fill up all the growing space, and then they start competing with one another. When they compete with one another, they get weak; they are subject to insect and disease attack. 
You get more fuel that falls on to the 
forest floor, creating a fuel load; you get dead and weakened timber, and you get a lightning strike, and it burns the whole forest down. 
you thin it and you use controlled burns, you open up the canopy; you open up the forest floor, and you see a flush of fauna, and you see biodiversity increase tremendously. 
and plant life increases, you get a flush in wildlife. On these plots in Arkansas, not only did we see an increase in numbers in redcockaded woodpecker, we saw an increase in the bobwhite quail, in wild turkeys, in deer, in several other songbird species. 
the forest; it is good for the wildlife; it creates cleaner air; it creates cleaner water. Again, it is a winwin situation. By applying these management practices—and they will be different as you go across the country in different regions. 
the local stakeholders manage the forests the way it was intended to be managed, we will create a healthy forest, which is good for all the local communities where these forests are located. 
this bill is we strengthened the secure rural schools provisions. We stipulate that 25 percent of funding has to go 
into local counties to provide emergency services to fund schools. This is critical for these local communities where forest activities around the national forests have greatly decreased over the past several decades. 
feet of timber off of the forests. Now, we are down to less than 3 billion board feet per year. Many of these local economies depended on those forests. As we quit cutting timber and the infrastructure to process the timber left, these communities suffered all across our country where these natural forests are located. 
these communities, so that they continue to provide emergency services, so they can continue to provide funds for education and help to grow the communities. 
Another provision in this bill is it allows the salvaging of timber after a catastrophic event. Now, a clear cut actually mimics a wildfire in the forest; so when you have a wildfire that is a standreplacing fire, it causes the damage when the fire occurs. 
In forestry terms, the land is essentially being clearcut when the fire happens, but you will still have dead standing trees. These trees need to be salvaged. They have value, value that can be extracted and used to reforest the land, value that not only creates value in reforestation, it also cleans up the land, so you can reforest it and prevent future fire dangers. 
salvage cuts have been held up in court again, and you get standing dead timber that, the next time a fire comes through, it makes it dangerous for our firefighters to go in and fight the fire. 
an environmental assessment of the area, but it speeds the process in that, and it prevents injunctions from allowing these salvage cuts so that this timber can be salvaged, and the revenue is used to go back into the Forest Service to reforest these lands and, again, provide the management practices to have healthy forests. 
catastrophic event, we get only 3 percent of regeneration or reforestation of the land. This bill requires that, after the catastrophic event, we have to have 75 percent reforestation after a period of 5 years. 
time to come in and assess the efforts that they put forth and to correct any problems that they have had in restoring these forests. 
very much needed. It has the support of, I believe, 117 different organizations, from wildlife groups, from environmental groups, many tribes across the country, many county governments. People recognize the benefits of this bill and the benefits that can come to our country if we enact this legislation. 
the Senate right now, and as the fire season increases out West and we see more and more of our natural treasure and our Federal forests going up in flames, it should become more imperative for the Senate to take up this bill and pass it and for the President to sign it into law. 
As I have stated in committee hearings when we were pushing this bill through, the forests don’t really pay attention to what we legislate here in Washington, D.C. 
They continue to grow. They continue to fill up the growing space. They are more reactive to what happens in nature. 
these forests—managing them to be healthy, managing them to be more resistant to wildfire and inspects and diseases. I call on the Senate and the President to take up this legislation, to pass it, and to move America forward with healthy forests. 
got something I think is very important and something I think you are going to enjoy. 
remarkable people, individuals who, when we hear about them, make us pause, stop, and think about how much they inspire and really make a difference. 
person, a young lady of 12 years old by the name of Makenna Schwab. She lives in the community of East Wenatchee, Washington, which happens to be in my legislative district in the State of Washington. 
called Larsen syndrome, which is a rare connective tissue disorder that causes bone dislocations. This affects her airway, spine, and joints. This remarkable young lady has already undergone 14 surgeries in her short life. 
mother, Melissa, wanted to give something back to Seattle Children’s Hospital, which over the course of her life has been their home away from home. She said she wanted to give something back because Seattle Children’s has made it so that she can walk and live independently. So she decided to sell lemonade and cookies, a perfectly natural thing for a 12yearold to decide. This young lady raised more than $6,700 that year for Children’s Hospital. 
They wanted to do more. So the next year, she and her family collected over 650 new toys for the kids at the hospital. But even that wasn’t enough. The following year, she wanted to do even more. So she sold 530 dozen donuts, raising more than $7,500 to go towards Seattle Children’s Hospital. This year, Mr. Speaker, she set her 
sights even higher. According to Seattle Children’s Hospital’s Kathryn Bluher, Makenna’s goal was to give the kids at the hospital something that was very important, near and dear to her heart. She wanted to give them red Radio Flyer wagons. 
but that was an important thing because, in between her appointments throughout her young life, traveling between her room to the operating room to the playroom, the red Radio Flyer wagon was her ride. And she rode in style. She said that those wagons are a really good memory. They were less scary than a wheelchair. 
goal in this year’s fundraising I think was nothing short of amazing. Makenna collected enough to purchase 33 wagons for the hospital. Friends, family, the mayor of the city, Wenatchee High School, a group of local dentists, even assisted living homes helped in the effort. The whole community pitched in. Actually, the hospital had to tell her that that was enough wagons. 
were on the wish list. By the end of the drive, she had those 33 wagons, but she also had 36 DVD players, 12 headphones, five baby swings, 280 gift cards, 300 new toys, and many other things. 
a tradition that will live on, that has and will continue to make kids’ stay at the Seattle Children’s Hospital just a little less scary. As Makenna said, ‘‘I want to give kids hope.’’ 
Makenna received a national Make a Difference Day award for her volunteer project on behalf of the hospital. 
hear of remarkable people, and I am very proud to be able to share McKenna’s story with you. I am proud to say that she is a fine citizen of my congressional district and my State of Washington. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 14 minutes remaining. 
would also like to talk about some other positive things that this body has done here, as we approach the August break. This has to do with the VA. 
scandal was brought to the public’s attention last year, Americans have become all too familiar with incompetence and misconduct at the Federal agency charged with helping our veterans. 
The House Veterans’ Affairs Committee has held dozens of hearings; the head of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs resigned under congressional pressure; and Congress has enacted major reform legislation. The Veterans’ Access to Care 
through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act created a 3year program to allow veterans to seek care from private providers if they live too far from a VA facility or cannot otherwise get an appointment within 14 days. It also gave the VA Secretary the authority to fire senior executives for poor performance and required a top tobottom study of the entire Department to be completed within 1 year of enactment. 
the Obama administration has failed to correct the problems. We continue to hear about unacceptable patient wait times, unanswered benefit inquiries, patient safety concerns, medical malpractice, flagrant mismanagement, infighting, corruption, and years of construction delays that total millions of dollars. 
and legislation aimed at restoring accountability is enacted, it makes sense that action would be swift and immediate: people would be fired; wrongs would begin to be made right. Unfortunately, that has not been the case at the Department of Veterans Affairs. While there are as many as 1,000 employees that could potentially face disciplinary actions, the VA has only fired three people for involvement in the scandal. 
Our veterans have earned our respect, and they shouldn’t have to wait in line for months or years just to see a doctor. New documents show that one out of every three waiting for care at the VA has already died, and recent reports reveal there are now 50 percent more veterans on wait lists for a month or longer than last summer. 
come home, we have to keep our word to them by modernizing our VA system to deliver the best care in the world. In the 114th Congress, House Republicans have passed numerous pieces of legislation designed to help veterans and increase accountability at the VA. 
Prevention for American Veterans Act was signed into law and provides veterans with access to the mental healthcare resources they need. 
Last week, the House passed the Veterans Information Modernization Act, which would give Congress and the public access to key data regarding the delivery of health care, medical services, and nursing home care by the VA healthcare system. 
Many veterans have contacted us expressing their frustration at having to carry official Department of Defense discharge papers to prove their military service, and last week, legislation was signed into law to create an official identification card for veterans. 
VA Accountability Act, which would provide the VA Secretary with increased flexibility in removing employees who fail our veterans; the Hire More Heroes Act, which would make it 
those who already have health insurance from being counted as fulltime employees under ObamaCare; the Veterans’ Compensation CostofLiving Adjustment Act, which would provide an annual costofliving adjustment for veterans receiving disability compensation; and the Ruth Moore Act, which would update regulations for veterans seeking financial compensation for mental health conditions linked to sexual assault while they were serving in the military. 
The House also had to pass legislation that included provisions to allow the VA to transfer funds within its budget to cover an unexpected $2.5 billion shortfall in hospital and medical care accounts. Without this fix, the agency said it would start shutting down hospital operations in August. 
take care of those who have sacrificed so much in service to our country. This week, Congress has continued its efforts to meet our responsibility to America’s veterans. However, we cannot transform the VA alone. It is the President’s responsibility to ensure changes are made within the agency and employees are held accountable for their actions. 
America’s veterans deserve a meaningful, decisive plan to right the many wrongs that have been committed. It is past time for the Obama administration to change the culture at the VA and end this agencywide pattern of misconduct and neglect. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 30 minutes. 
compliment my two colleagues who have just spoken on the floor. I compliment Mr. NEWHOUSE from the State 
of Washington for highlighting a very important event in his district involving a significant constituent of his. 
I particularly would also like to recognize Mr. WESTERMAN from Arkansas 
for getting H.R. 2647 passed, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. It is really a coup for a freshman to get such a significant bill passed so early in his or her career. It is a major bill, a significant bill, and I want to compliment him on bringing his expertise in forestry to the House of Representatives. We need people with all kinds of backgrounds here who can help get things that the American people need for us to do on their behalf, and certainly that bill is going to do a lot for American people all across this country. 
one hears about the plane that landed safely. What that very apt adage suggests is that we are often unaware of 
good work being done every day, and it isn’t until something goes wrong that people take notice. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to just highlight for a few minutes this evening the great work that this Congress has been doing in the past 4
Under the leadership of House Republicans, we have been doing very good work in tackling the difficult issues facing this Nation. We are advancing solutions that build a healthy economy, empowering every American to pursue his or her future, to reach his or her full potential and achieve a better life. Here, Mr. Speaker, are just a few specifics of what we have been accomplishing. 
may sound a little strange to people, but it is important that the American people understand that, under the majority leadership of Republicans, we have considered over 200 more amendments than the average over the last 25 years in the House of Representatives. 
House committees have passed 10.2 percent of bills out of committee compared to a 40year average of only 6 percent of bills being passed. 
The House is, overall, more productive. The House passed 193 bills in the first quarter, well above the 40year average of 127. Of those, 32 have also passed the Senate—more than the 25 year average of 29. 
last 30 years, only one other Republicancontrolled House had more bills enacted in law to this point, and this Congress is above the 40year average of 29 bills enacted with 32. 
come to Washington, use our time well, and work on their behalf to get the things done that they see need to be done. We are working on our main focus, which are jobs and the economy. 
jobs will come from the freedom to innovate from the bottom up, with organic growth, not from topdown bureaucracies in Washington, D.C., looking out for themselves and attempting, always, to control the American people. 
bills, as I have said before. One is the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act, H.R. 527, which was approved by the House by a vote of 260– 163 in February of this year. That is a bipartisan vote, Mr. Speaker. 
We passed the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, H.R. 50, by a bipartisan vote of 250–173. 
H.R. 1105, by a vote of 240–179; this is often called the death tax; it is sometimes called the estate tax, but it hits, Mr. Speaker, not just wealthy people, but average people with huge, unfair taxes. This bill would provide certainty for 
families and allow small businesses to focus on growing new jobs and is the smart thing to do for our economy. 
turmoil that has gripped this Nation is the result of the Federal Government spending beyond its means. In North Carolina, I hear often from constituents who are worried about our ballooning national debt, which threatens economic stability and jeopardizes the American dream for our families. 
our kids, who must repay the debt, and it is not good for the economy. 
House Republican majority has cut Federal spending 2 years in a row for the first time since the Korean war. We banned earmarks and achieved the most significant spending reductions in modern history. We have protected tax cuts for 99 percent of individuals and families. 
We passed a balanced budget conference agreement which balances the budget within 10 years, without raising taxes, and achieves more than $5 trillion in savings. It is the first joint 10 year balanced budget resolution since 2001. 
Act, which replaces No Child Left Behind, by reducing the Federal footprint in education, restoring local control, and empowering parents and education leaders to hold schools accountable for effectively teaching students. It stops the Federal Government from coercing states into adopting Common Core. 
college savings plans by a vote of 401– 20, a very strong bipartisan vote. 
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act. We have passed the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act. We have passed Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015. 
economy, on bringing down the cost of energy, on providing for national security. 
Authorization Act, H.R. 1735, and are in conference now with the Senate on this bill. 
We have passed the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, again, by a very large bipartisan vote, 355–63. 
Networks Act by a large bipartisan vote of 307–116. 
by the President in June, the USA Freedom Act, which ends the bulk collection of data at the National Security Agency, prevents government overreach, strengthens protections for Americans’ civil liberties, and increases the transparency of certain national security authorities. 
to honor our veterans. They have earned our respect, and they shouldn’t have to wait in line for months or years to see a doctor. 
come home, we have to keep our word to them by modernizing our VA system to deliver the best care in the world, and we have kept our promises to our veterans. 
the human side of what needs to be done in our society. We have passed the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. It was signed into law on May 29, 2015. Human trafficking is a major problem in our country, and we are doing all that we can to diminish it and eliminate it. 
PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act with a bipartisan vote, H.R. 36. We expect that bill to be passed in the Senate. 
Funding for Abortion Act. It was approved by the House in January. This bill would permanently free taxpayers from subsidizing abortion or insurance coverage that includes abortion. Mr. Speaker, we care very much for the most vulnerable among us. 
through our hearings to hold President Obama and the executive branch accountable in conjunction with our constitutional duties. We continue to look for ways to improve what the Department of Veterans Affairs does. 
of the Office of Personnel Management, which allowed its records of Federal employees to be hacked. 
stop the EPA from imposing its clean water rule, which is very tough on our farmers in particular, but on people all over this country. 
ObamaCare in court with the U.S. House of Representatives vs. Burwell lawsuit; and we hope for a positive result from that. 
We are also continuing our investigations into other scandals of this administration, including the situation in Benghazi. Last fall, House investigators learned that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used a private email server located in her home, rather than an official email account, as required by administration policy. She also failed to preserve her official emails for government records as required by the Federal Records Act. 
Without the diligent work of the Select Committee on Benghazi, this highly questionable email arrangement would have remained secret. Because of a select committee deposition of Sidney Blumenthal, a former aide to President Bill Clinton, the committee was able to demonstrate that, despite former Secretary Clinton’s assertions to the contrary, she did not produce all of her official emails to the State Department. 
senior State Department officials, including Clinton’s closest aides, and will call former Secretary Clinton as a witness as soon as the State Department produces all of the records owed to the committee. 
of the IRS and its unlawful targeting of conservatives. 
House, and we Republicans in the majority will continue to do the work of the American people by passing appropriate legislation and by holding this administration accountable for what it should be doing and what it has done that is inappropriate. 
Speaker, in the past 7 months, has delivered real results that would solve many of the challenges that face our Nation, but there is still more to do to make the outdated models in Washington, D.C., more effective, efficient, and accountable. 
the August recess, not a vacation, but an opportunity for us to be in our districts, to be with our constituents, to hear from our constituents what their concerns are, we will be gathering more ideas for legislation and come back to Congress in September with a renewed commitment to do the people’s business in the people’s House. 
the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 764. An act to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
S. Con. Res. 20. Concurrent resolution recognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce; in addition, to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
reported that on July 27, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1626. To reduce duplication of information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. ADJOURNMENT 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, July 31, 2015, at 1 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the 2012 Progress Report on Understanding the Long Term Health Effects of Living Organ Donation, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 273b, as added by the Charlie W. Norwood Living Organ Donation Act (Public Law 110144); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2324. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report prepared by the Department of State concerning international agreements, other than treaties entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
(Political), Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 33453349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
(Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277 as codified in 5 U.S.C. 3345 et seq; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
(Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277 as codified in 5 U.S.C. 3345 et seq; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Act of 1998, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 9. A bill to amend title 35, United States Code, and the LeahySmith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–235). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1992. A bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–236). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 3116. A bill to extend by 15 years the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report program (Rept. 114–237). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1759. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for the publication, by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, of information related to rulemakings, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–238, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1759. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for the publication, by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, of information relating to rulemakings, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–238, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Iran to develop, use, or protect any technology or other assets of Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T OMPRICE of 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
H.R. 3274. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
of Housing and Urban Development to provide grants and loans to owners of dated manufactured homes for the replacement of such dated manufactured homes with Energy Starqualified manufactured or modular homes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3276. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require States to provide for same day registration; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 3277. A bill to prohibit election officials from requiring individuals to provide photo identification as a condition of obtaining or casting a ballot in an election for Federal office or registering to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 3278. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to ensure that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs is informed of the interment of unclaimed deceased veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. COHEN , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
H.R. 3279. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, 
United States Code, to require annual reports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Innovation and Opportunity Act to require onestop delivery systems under such Act to offer services through Internet websites and to direct the Secretary of Labor to develop standards and best practices for such websites, and other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
of a small parcel of Natural Resources Conservation Service property in Riverside, 
California, by the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 3282. A bill to strengthen Federal consumer protection and product traceability with respect to commercially marketed seafood, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Natural Resources, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3283. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to exempt from certain agerelated restrictions in the labor laws 16 and 17yearold individuals employed by their parents in certain logging activities, and to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a program to allow States to enter into interstate compacts to standardize the age requirements for operators of commercial motor vehicles; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. L ANCE ): 
Health Service Act to provide for the establishment of a mesothelioma patient registry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
COHEN , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. L INDA T. 
Illinois, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 3285. A bill to provide for a study by 
the Institute of Medicine on health disparities, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop guidelines on reducing health disparities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3286. A bill to encourage effective, voluntary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3287. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of banks organized as limited liability companies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3288. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
(DSH) payments under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, and Ms. M CCOLLUM ): 
H.R. 3289. A bill to prevent the waste of gas 
land and to collect royalty on all gas production; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
LEWIS, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
COHEN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
Gold Medal to Lyndon Baines Johnson, the 36th President of the United States whose visionary leadership secured passage of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, Social Security Amendments Act (Medicare) of 1965, Civil Rights Act of 1964, Higher Education Act of 1965, and Immigration and Naturalization Act of 1965; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3291. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to develop a crosswalk between HCPCS and MSDRG codes for similar hospital services; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3292. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to revise Medicare payment for indirect medical education (IME) costs in teaching hospitals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. G RAYSON, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. A BRAHAM, and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): 
H.R. 3293. A bill to provide for greater accountability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national interest; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 3294. A bill to establish a program to 
assist in the importation and care of abused, injured, or abandoned nonhuman primates; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3295. A bill to make supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. N UGENT ): 
H.R. 3296. A bill to clarify that the oath of 
allegiance to the United States administered in the naturalization process may not be altered; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3298. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for value based purchasing of postacute care services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Ms. ESHOO ): 
Health Service Act to ensure preparedness for chemical, radiological, biological, and nuclear threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3300. A bill to reduce waste and implement cost savings and revenue enhancement for the Federal Government; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, House Administration, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3301. A bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3302. A bill to sunset the authority exercised by the Secretary of Homeland Security through U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Leasing Act to improve coal royalties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BONAMICI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E SHOO , 
Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. K USTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. T URNER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. L INDA 
H.R. 3304. A bill to require foreign manufacturers of products imported into the United States to establish registered agents in the United States who are authorized to accept service of process against such manufacturers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
network security and mitigate cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3306. A bill to authorize the export of 
energy resources, energy technologies, and related services to Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3307. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act by repealing the paid lunch equity requirements; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
DELANEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Ms. L INDA T. 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. T AKANO , 
TORRES , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. 
of Texas, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and 
H.R. 3308. A bill to expand Medicare coverage to include eyeglasses, hearing aids, and dental care; to the Committee on Energy and 
on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
H.R. 3309. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to improve the electronic health records meaningful use programs under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BALART , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. G RAVES of 
Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. R OSS, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OONEY  
WALORSKI , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. A BRAHAM, Mr. J ONES , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
H.R. 3310. A bill to preserve access to public waters and maintain the vital role of States in fisheries management decisions; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
DELAURO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. T ED 
H.R. 3311. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal fossil fuel subsidies for oil companies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3312. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants for establishing coordinated networks of services and resources for veterans and their families; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Security Act of 2002 to strengthen the ability of the Secretary of Homeland Security to detect and prevent intrusions against, and to use countermeasures to protect, agency information systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
into the United States of refugees in order to examine the costs of providing benefits to such individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3315. A bill to amend the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 with respect to the maximum cost of projects, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Ms. P INGREE ): 
H.R. 3316. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to require the Secretary of Agriculture to make loan guarantees and grants to finance certain improvements to school lunch facilities, to train school food service personnel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Accountability Office to conduct periodic reviews of the flood insurance rates and flood insurance rate maps under the national flood insurance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3318. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to modify regulations to increase the amount of the de minimis safe harbor election for exemption from capital expenditures for taxpayers without certain financial statements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
General to conduct a pilot program to provide nonpostal services at certain post offices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3320. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with administrative contractors for the processing of claims for hospital care and medical services furnished in nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3321. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the volumetric excise tax credit for liquid fuel derived from natural gas through the FischerTropsch process; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Star program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3323. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to improve health care coverage under vision and dental plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3324. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Defense to submit to Congress a report regarding opportunities to equip certain foreign military entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
COSTA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K EATING , and 
H.R. 3325. A bill to establish the Azores Cooperative Initiative Program; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
REED, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
H.R. 3326. A bill to amend chapter 90 of 
title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3327. A bill to prohibit the awarding of 
Federal Pell Grants to incarcerated individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. 
H.R. 3328. A bill to require Federal agencies to review certain rules and regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Small Business, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3329. A bill to increase the number of 
operational aircraft carriers; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 3330. A bill to prohibit the consideration in the House of Representatives of any legislation containing an earmark; to the Committee on Rules. 
H.R. 3331. A bill to amend the Safe and 
DrugFree Schools and Communities Act to include bullying and harassment prevention programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3332. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for torture committed by law enforcement officers and others acting under color of law; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3333. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to restore the former system of good time allowances toward service of Federal prison terms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3334. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to issue regulations with respect to ensuring families are able to sit together on flights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3335. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide certain employees of Members of Congress and certain employees of State or local governmental agencies with access to casetracking information of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
in the State of Colorado as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
of Massachusetts, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of 
LEE, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. L YNCH , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
H.R. 3337. A bill to facilitate efficient investments and financing of infrastructure projects and new job creation through the establishment of a National Infrastructure Development Bank, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. R OS 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. C OLE, Mr. S MITH of 
Nebraska, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. 
of Texas, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. J ODY B. 
York, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , and Mr. K NIGHT ): 
H.R. 3338. A bill to establish a fund to 
make payments to the Americans held hostage in Iran and their immediate family members, who are identified as members of the proposed class in case number 1:00CV 03110 (EGS) of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3339. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to protect coverage for screening mamography; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3340. A bill to place the Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of Financial Research under the regular appropriations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Financial Research, and for other purposes; to 
H.R. 3341. A bill to designate the portion of 
Moffett Federal Airfield, California, containing the 129th Rescue Wing of the California Air National Guard as Moffett Air National Guard Base; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 3342. A bill to provide for stability of 
title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3343. A bill to provide for improvements in the treatment of detainees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for herself, Mr. CLEAVER , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): 
of metropolitan planning organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
Exposure Compensation Act for purposes of making claims under such Act based on exposure to atmospheric nuclear testing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3346. A bill to provide support for the 
development of middle school career exploration programs linked to career and technical education programs of study; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. O LSON ): 
H.R. 3347. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to provide incentives for education on the risk of renal medullary carcinoma in individuals who are receiving medical assistance under such title and who have Sickle Cell Disease; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. POEof Texas, and Mr. 
General to create a special reward program for individuals providing information leading to the apprehension and conviction of persons committing offenses under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself and Mr. SCHRADER ): 
H.R. 3349. A bill to amend the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 to allow certain private entities to receive expedited permits; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
threat assessment regarding the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. ELLISON, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 3351. A bill to provide for costofliving increases for certain Federal benefits programs based on increases in the Consumer Price Index for the elderly; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, Oversight and Government Reform, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3352. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide greater flexibility with respect to waivers granted to States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Water Pollution Control Act to limit attorney fees and penalties in citizen suits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3354. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide an alternate release date for certain nonviolent offenders, to amend title 18, United States Code, with respect to the computation of the good time credit toward service of sentences of imprisonment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3355. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation programs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3356. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act with respect to the qualification of the director of food services of a Medicare skilled nursing facility or a Medicaid nursing facility; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Leasing Act to require payment to counties of a portion of revenues received by the United States under Federal oil and gas leases; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3358. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to ensure that sex offenders to be released from the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement are registered on sex offender registry, and relevant State, tribal, and local authorities are notified of their release, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3359. A bill to provide for loan repayment for teachers in highneed schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3360. A bill to provide for identity protection coverage and other services for individuals exposed to the OPM security breaches, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3362. A bill to allow employers a credit against income tax as an incentive to partner with community colleges or other educational institutions to improve workforce development and job training for students; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Ms. D EGETTE , and Ms. S INEMA ): 
the Federal land management agency fire programs in order to address the complexities of 21st century wildfires in a more cost effective and efficient manner; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
himself, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
DELBENE, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
H.R. 3364. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to permit an individual who is subject to a requirement to present identification as a condition of voting in an election for Federal office to meet such requirement by presenting a sworn written statement attesting to the individual’s identification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 3365. A bill to improve the reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3366. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow an individual to qualify for both teacher loan forgiveness and public service loan forgiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS: 
for Independence Act, to provide for the approval of applications to operate new demonstration programs and to renew existing programs, to enhance program flexibility, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3368. A bill to amend title XX of the 
Social Security Act to provide grants to support job creation initiatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3369. A bill to establish an Office of 
Rural Education Policy in the Department of Education, make other modifications to Federal law to improve rural schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Nationality Act to promote innovation, investment, and research in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3371. A bill to adjust the boundary of 
the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. H UNTER , and Ms. 
Education Regulatory Reform Task Force, to expand the experimental sites initiative under the Higher Education Act of 1965 to reduce college costs for students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3373. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to review certain whistleblower complaints; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3374. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the payment of childcare assistance to certain single parents who are participating in a Department of Veterans Affairs vocational rehabilitation program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
ENGEL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
H.R. 3375. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to extend the period during which a firearms licensee is required to wait for a response from the national instant criminal background check system before being allowed to transfer a 
firearm to a prospective transferee; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
carry out bridge construction, maintenance, repair, and replacement projects using previously allocated surface transportation funds that are identified as being excess or inactive, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. B ROWN of 
DELAURO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M ICHELLE  
KUSTER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Ms. L EE, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
H.R. 3377. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to credit prospectively individuals serving as caregivers of dependent relatives with deemed wages for up to five years of such service; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
Trade Commission to prescribe rules prohibiting deceptive advertising of abortion services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3379. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to initiate a rulemaking with respect to 
aircraft medical kits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HOLLEN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Ms. E DWARDS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
New Mexico, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. J ACKSON  
VEASEY , Mr. H IMES, Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3382. A bill to amend the Lake Tahoe 
Restoration Act to enhance recreational opportunities, environmental restoration activities, and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3383. A bill to limit the number of 
hours that children may be employed as actors, performers, and models, to require blocked trust accounts for the financial protection of such children, to clarify the liability of employers, contractors, and other individuals for sexual harassment of such child performers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
NORTON , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Miss R ICEof New York, and 
H.R. 3384. A bill to reestablish the Office of 
Noise Abatement and Control in the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3385. A bill to require pipelines regulated by the Secretary of Transportation to be made of steel that is produced in the United States and originates from iron ore and taconite mined and processed in the United States, for safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3386. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a pilot competitive grant program for the development of a skilled energy workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3387. A bill to amend the Freedom of 
Information Act, the Privacy Act, and the Federal Advisory Committee Act to apply the requirements of such Acts to the Smithsonian Institution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. NUGENT (for himself, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. B URGESS ): 
H.R. 3388. A bill to amend title 37, United 
States Code, to impose a statute of limitations on the ability of the Department of Defense to recover certain indebtedness owed to the United States by members of the uniformed services, including retired and former members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. M IMI 
H.R. 3389. A bill to amend section 320301 of 
title 54, United States Code, to require certain procedures for designating national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3390. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide credits for the production of renewable chemicals and investments in renewable chemical production facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
States with the authority to withhold Federal financial assistance from units of local government that do not comply with the immigration laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
SALMON , Mr. F ARR, and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 3392. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of Energy to consider the objective of improving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels in carrying out research and development programs under that Act; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 3393. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to clarify that the points and fees in connection with a mortgage loan do not include certain compensation amounts already taken into account in setting the interest rate on such loan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to allow for the use of certain assets of foreign persons and entities to satisfy certain judgments against terrorist parties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P OCAN , 
H.R. 3395. A bill to prevent the illegal sale 
of firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
CONYERS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , 
H.R. 3396. A bill to address the dramatic increase of HIV/AIDS in minority communities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. D IAZBALART , and Mr. 
H.R. 3397. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for owning certain disaster resilient property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
and performance of the national multimodal freight network, and for other purposes; to 
national standards for the use of solitary confinement in correctional facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of nondiscriminatory treatment (normal trade relations treatment) to the products of Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3401. A bill to reduce Federal overcriminalization, protect Americans from unjust punishment, and uphold the role of Congress by clarifying mens rea requirements for all Federal criminal offenses, creating an inventory of Federal offenses that carry a criminal penalty, and providing that no rule of the executive branch which may be enforced by criminal penalties can take effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of the Secretary of Homeland Security to detect and prevent intrusions against, and to use countermeasures to protect, government agency information systems and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. SESSIONS , and Ms. G RANGER ): 
H.R. 3403. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to protect victims of sexual violence, to improve the adjudication of allegations related to sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3404. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow tax free distributions from health savings accounts for fitness facility membership and classes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3405. A bill to prohibit the Department of Health and Human Services from obligating or expending any funds for grants for developing or evaluating a video game to train parents in food parenting practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
GUINTA , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. R ICHMOND ): 
Chance Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. HARPER , and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 3407. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to remove the deduction for charitable contributions from the overall limitation on itemized deductions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3408. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to protect victims of sexual violence, to improve the adjudication by institutions of higher education of allegations related to sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
WOMACK , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ARR, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
H.R. 3409. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude payments received under the Work Colleges Program from gross income, including payments made from institutional funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. L ARSENof Washington, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
grazing permit retirement on Federal lands managed by the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior where livestock grazing is impractical, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CAPPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARNEY , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. P RICE of 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. F ARR, Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P ALLONE , and Ms. C ASTOR of 
H.R. 3411. A bill to ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the national instant criminal background check system and require a background check for every firearm sale; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
York, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Mr. J ONES , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S LAUGH TER, and Mr. V EASEY ): 
H.R. 3412. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, and title 39, United States Code, to provide the United States Postal Service 
the authority to mail alcoholic beverages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3413. A bill to require a report on requirements and risks in connection with the use of radioisotopic power systems for space exploration beyond lowEarth orbit; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 3414. A bill to improve the certification and licensing of employees and medical laboratories of the Department of Veterans Affairs that furnish prosthetic and orthotic services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
foreignowned corporations from obtaining contracts for the performance of passenger and baggage security screening at domestic commercial airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3416. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to require that individuals seeking training in the operation of certain aircraft be checked against the terrorist watchlist to ensure that such individuals are nonthreats to aviation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3417. A bill to amend title 14, United 
States Code, to modify the process for congressional nomination of individuals for appointment as cadets at the Coast Guard Academy, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Security to establish a comprehensive recruitment and outreach plan for the Coast Guard Academy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3418. A bill to enhance homeland security, including domestic preparedness and the collective response to terrorism, by improving the Federal Protective Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eligible educational institutions to provide child care services on campus; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself, Mr. NADLER, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. W ELCH , and 
H.R. 3420. A bill to reauthorize the weatherization and State energy programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
DESANTIS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D UNCAN of 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. G OSAR , 
OLSON , Mr. B LUM, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B RAT, 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. J ORDAN, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
Mr. W OODALL , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
H.R. 3421. A bill to allow a State to submit 
a declaration of intent to the Secretary of Education to combine certain funds to improve the academic achievement of students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3422. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish credentialing requirements for medical vendors; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. G IBSON , Miss R ICEof New York, 
Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 3423. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, and the Agent Orange Act of 1991 to extend the certain authorities of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs regarding associations between diseases and exposure to dioxin and other chemical compounds in herbicides; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3424. A bill to provide for extension of 
agreements between the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and public housing agencies participating in the Moving to Work Demonstration Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. BABIN, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J ODYB. 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
H.R. 3425. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to give nationwide effect to the least restrictive State laws regarding the carrying of firearms that are concealed, or are partially or fully visible to the public; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3426. A bill to amend title VI of the 
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a Federal renewable electricity standard for retail electricity suppliers and a Federal energy efficiency resource standard for electricity and natural 
gas suppliers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3427. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to ensure that employees are not misclassified as nonemployees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MASSIE , Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. F ORBES ): 
the contact information of adoption centers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
DUFFY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S HIMKUS, Mr. J ONES , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. B ABIN, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
H.R. 3429. A bill to amend title IV of the 
Public Health Service Act to prohibit sale or transactions relating to human fetal tissue; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3430. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a reduction in improper claims of refundable credits by directing the Secretary of the Treasury to ensure consistency of requirements for self and paid tax return preparers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3431. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for an energy equivalent of a gallon of diesel in the case of liquefied natural gas for purposes of the Inland Waterways Trust Fund financing rate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3432. A bill to provide the legal framework and income tax treatment necessary for the growth of innovative private financing options for students to fund postsecondary education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the use of the Armed Forces of the United States against Iran if Iran commits a serious violation of its commitments or obligations under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself, Mr. PETERSON , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 67. Concurrent resolution establishing a joint select committee to address regulatory reform; to the Committee on Rules. 
COURTNEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 68. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress regarding the 225th anniversary of the establishment of the Coast Guard; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H. Con. Res. 69. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that any reform or repeal of the lastin, firstout method of accounting for inventories (LIFO) would cause irreparable and unnecessary damage to United States businesses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. G OHMERT , 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. J ORDAN , and Mr. 
NEWHOUSE ): H. Res. 392. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2009, Public Law 111 148, violated article I, section 7 of the United States Constitution because it was a bill for raising revenue that did not originate in the House of Representatives; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHU 
of California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
LIPINSKI , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M ICHELLE  
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. R USH, Ms. L INDA T. 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
for policies to protect and expand Social Security and secure its longterm future in a fair and responsible manner; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H. Res. 394. A resolution condemning Joseph Kony and the Lord’s Resistance Army for continuing to perpetrate crimes against humanity, war crimes, and mass atrocities, and supporting ongoing efforts by the United States Government, the African Union, and governments and regional organizations in central Africa to remove Joseph Kony and Lord’s Resistance Army commanders from the battlefield and promote protection and recovery of affected communities; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. H OLDING , 
Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Ms. M ENG, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. D EUTCH , 
sense of the House of Representatives commemorating the Republic of India’s Independence Day and recognizing United States India relations on India’s National Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
SALMON , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Government of Bangladesh to protect the human rights of all its citizens, particularly 
vulnerable minorities, strengthen democratic institutions and rule of law, and prevent the growth of extremist groups; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , and 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding preserving the rights of employers and 
employees regarding coverage through association health plans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
access to hospitals and other health care providers for patients in rural areas of the United States is essential to the survival and success of communities in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the House should consider legislation to protect traditional marriage and prevent taxpayer funding of abortion; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LEVIN, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. M ICHELLE  
DEUTCH , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S COTT of 
DELBENE, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. P AYNE , 
DELAURO , Ms. L EE, Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T EDLIEU 
HUFFMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. 
COURTNEY , Ms. B ASS, Mr. N ORCROSS , 
York, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. E STY, 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. F OSTER, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Ms. P INGREE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. C ARNEY , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. K IND, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
RICHMOND , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. D AVID 
Texas, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. B ISHOP of 
VEASEY , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
50 years since the creation of the Medicare and Medicaid Programs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
goals and ideals of ‘‘Vietnam Veterans Day’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding politically motivated acts of boycott, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
campaign of genocide against the Kurdish people in Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the 75th anniversary of the Virginia Institute of Marine Science of the College of William & Mary; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Council for the Accreditation of Educator Preparation to modify its accreditation standards to prevent the standards from negatively impacting Alaska Native and American Indian teacher candidates; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3273. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;’’) 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof.’’) 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’) 
H.R. 3274. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . Establish Post Offices and post Roads . . .’’ In the Constitution, the power possessed by Congress embraces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legislation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Congress in the Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3276. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3277. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3278. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is Article 1 Section 8: to provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 3279. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United 
States Constitution, which states that ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of Appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
H.R. 3280. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
H.R. 3281. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 18, and Article IV, section 3, clause 2. 
H.R. 3282. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3283. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H,R, 3284. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3285. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3286. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3287. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 3288. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States [. . .]’’ 
power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof:’’ 
H.R. 3289. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3290. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 4, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3292. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3293. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3294. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
from, but may not be limited to, Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ 
H.R. 3295. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law’’ and 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’ 
H.R. 3296. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To . . . establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ 
H.R. 3297. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3298. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3300. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3301. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3302. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, 
H.R. 3303. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3304. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
H.R. 3305. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 3306. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3307. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3308. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3309. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3310. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States provides clear authority for Congress to pass legislation regarding income taxes. Article I of the Constitution, in detailing Congressional authority, provides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes . . .’’ (Section 8, Clause 1). Further clarifying Congressional power to enact an income tax, voters amended the Constitution by popular vote to provide that ‘‘Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, 
from whatever source derived . . .’’ (Sixteenth Amendment). 
H.R. 3312. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power...To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer Thereof’’ 
H.R. 3313. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3314. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 3315. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 3316. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3317. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3318. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3319. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3320. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3321. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Enumerated Powers of the U.S. Constitution, Congress is granted the power to lay and collect taxes. This provision grants Congress the authority over this particular piece of legislation. 
H.R. 3322. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
Constitution, Congress has the power to collect taxes and expend funds to provide for the general welfare of the United States. 
Congress may also make laws that are necessary and proper for carrying into execution their powers enumerated under Article I. 
H.R. 3323. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, as applied to healthcare. 
H.R. 3324. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3325. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3326. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution; and, Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 13: To provide and maintain a Navy. 
H.R. 3330. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3331. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
H.R 3333. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
H.R. 3334. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution and clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3335. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3336. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3337. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3338. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 3339. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3340. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress is empowered to regulate interstate commerce under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3341. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3342. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
H.R. 3343. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3344. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 7 of 
the United States Constitution, granting Congress the power to tax and spend, the power to regulate interstate commerce, and the power to establish Post roads, respectively. 
H.R. 3345. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause): ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense . . .’’ The United States has incurred legal liability for which it has waived its sovereign immunity for illnesses and deaths associated with its Nuclear Weapons testing programs during the 1950s and 
This bill is grounded in scientific principles, respresents an intent to apologize and offer compassionate compensation to an expanded list of individuals who were not included in the 1990 Act but who, nonetheless, deserve restitution. 
H.R. 3346. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3347. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3348. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3349. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3350. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, 
H.R. 3351. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3352. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, giving Congress the authority to lay and collect taxes, as misinterpreted by the United States Supreme Court in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius, which resulted in dubious Court precedent. 
Congress the authority to regulate commerce among the states. 
Congress the authority to make all laws that are necessary and proper for carrying out the powers given it by the Constitution. The authority in this bill is necessary and proper for states to regain control over their respective health insurance markets and offer their residents real options at a reduced cost relative to plans allowed by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
H.R. 3353. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3354. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3355. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
H.R. 3356. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 3357. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3358. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3359. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3360. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3361. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3362. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 3363. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 3364. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 3365. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 3366. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution 
H.R. 3367. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 3368. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 3369. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 3370. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3371. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 3372. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3373. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives 
Section 8 14: To make Rules for the Government and 
H.R. 3374. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives 
Section 8 14: To make Rules for the Government and 
H.R. 3375. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3376. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3377. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3378. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
H.R. 3379. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3380. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3381. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3382. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Property Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 3383. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3384. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3385. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3386. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3387. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
section 1 of article I, and clause 18, section 
H.R. 3388. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution (clauses 1, 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; raise and support Armies; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
H.R. 3389. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 3390. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3391. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3392. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3393. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3394. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 of the Constitution of the United States: To constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 10 of the Constitution of the United States: To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and Offenses against the Law of Nations; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof; 
Amendment V No person shall be . . . deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law. 
H.R. 3395. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3396. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power * * * to 
provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 3397. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and 
Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 3398. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3399. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. 
H.R. 3400. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3401. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3402. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3403. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 3404. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—The Congress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 3405. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
H.R. 3406. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3407. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3408. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3409. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ and Article I, Section 7, which states ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 3410. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 3411. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3412. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3413. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3414. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3415. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3416. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3417. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3418. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3419. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 3420. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
H.R. 3421. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3422. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 3423. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3424. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 3425. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed. 
H.R. 3426. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3427. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3428. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 3429. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 or Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
H.R. 3430. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3431. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 3432. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 62. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
KUSTER , Ms. L EE, Mr. R USH, Mrs. D INGELL , 
Ms. T ITUS, Ms. E STY, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. H AHN, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. S EAN 
H.R. 169: Mr. T HORNBERRY and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 217: Mr. K NIGHT and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 333: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. E LLISON, Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 414: Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
H.R. 539: Ms. M OORE , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
H.R. 546: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. C LYBURN . 
H.R. 592: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C OURTNEY , and 
H.R. 702: Mr. B OSTand Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
GARAMENDI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 721: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H UNTER , and 
H.R. 766: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 775: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. A GUILAR , and 
H.R. 816: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 822: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 828: Mr. R EICHERT and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 831: Mr. N EAL. H.R. 836: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 863: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
H.R. 879: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. 
H.R. 885: Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. D EGETTE , and 
H.R. 908: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. L EE, and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 918: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 921: Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. A USTINSCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 969: Mr. B OSTand Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 985: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. D OLD, Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1061: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. S EAN 
H.R. 1101: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. E STY, Mr. B EN 
H.R. 1197: Mr. A GUILAR and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1209: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 1220: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1233: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. B OST, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. A USTIN  
LIPINSKI , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. A LGREEN of 
H.R. 1309: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 1342: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1356: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P RICE of 
Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. 
H.R. 1384: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. K INGof New 
MULVANEY , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
H.R. 1424: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. B RENDAN F. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. E STY, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. R ICHMOND and Ms. F RANKEL  
H.R. 1462: Ms. E STYand Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R EED, and Mr. 
H.R. 1492: Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1549: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. L ONG, Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. C LAY, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. B OST, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New 
H.R. 1594: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
REED, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
H.R. 1610: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. F LEMING , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. V ELA, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
H.R. 1653: Mr. A SHFORD and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. R OSS, Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. 
H.R. 1786: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N 
of New Mexico, Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. M ICHELLE  
H.R. 1814: Mr. V ELA, Mr. V ARGAS , and Ms. 
H.R. 1818: Mr. N UGENT and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. M ARCHANT and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. B RAT, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and 
H.R. 1920: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 1969: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. E LLISON, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. P ETERS , and 
H.R. 2017: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. 
H.R. 2043: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. 
and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2065: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. R ANGEL , 
H.R. 2121: Ms. M OORE , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. 
H.R. 2123: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. 
H.R. 2124: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. A GUILAR , and 
H.R. 2142: Mr. T URNER and Mr. B ABIN. 
SCHIFF , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
H.R. 2229: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. B EYER , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. U PTON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. L EE, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. K INGof New York, and Ms. H ERRERA  
H.R. 2304: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. S MITH 
LOFGREN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
HAHN, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. S COTT of Virginia and Mr. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
KINGof New York, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia, Mr. S ESSIONS , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. W OODALL , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. F ORBES , 
Mr. G UINTA , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. P ITTS, Mr. L ANCE , and Mrs. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 2410: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 2461: Ms. P INGREE and Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 2463: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
H.R. 2473: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
JONES , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2521: Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. 
H.R. 2553: Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. K ILMER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. 
H.R. 2602: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. D ELAURO , and 
H.R. 2607: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 2624: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
H.R. 2643: Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. M ICA, Mr. C OLE, Mr. L UCAS , 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
H.R. 2653: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M OONEY  
of West Virginia, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and 
H.R. 2654: Mr. D ELANEY , Miss R ICEof New 
H.R. 2698: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 2752: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Mr. K ILMER. 
H.R. 2759: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. R EEDand Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. 
New York, Ms. E STY, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
Texas, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. T ITUS, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. 
ESTY, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
GABBARD , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
H.R. 2867: Mr. A GUILAR and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 2902: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. A DERHOLT , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. R EED, Ms. E STY, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
H.R. 2905: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. M CKINLEY, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. 
H.R. 2911: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S CHRA DER, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. L ATTA , and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2915: Mr. K ILMER and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. E STYand Mr. 
H.R. 2933: Mr. N OLAN and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2940: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 2944: Mr. J ONES and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2948: Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
H.R. 2962: Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
H.R. 2987: Mr. R OSS, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
H.R. 3007: Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. S WALWELL of 
H.R. 3029: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C OHEN , and Miss 
H.R. 3033: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. E DWARDS , 
H.R. 3037: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 3051: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
H.R. 3065: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. V ANHOLLEN. 
H.R. 3067: Mr. G RIJALVA and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3094: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 3095: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3115: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. O LSON , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 3118: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
BUCK, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. 
H.R. 3126: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3134: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. S ANFORD , Ms. R OS 
LEHTINEN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3136: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 3137: Mr. C ALVERT and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3150: Ms. E STY, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
VANHOLLEN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3151: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 3160: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and 
H.R. 3167: Mr. B UCK, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mrs. 
LOVE, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
WALKER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Ms. 
H.R. 3180: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 3189: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 3197: Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. 
H.R. 3209: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 3215: Mr. P ITTS, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
GOWDY , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
STEWART , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
H.R. 3221: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. L ARSENof Washington, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LAY, Ms. B ONAMICI , 
H.R. 3222: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 3231: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3245: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. H ARRIS , 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. K INGof 
ALLARD , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. N EUGE BAUER . 
H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina and Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H. Con. Res. 66: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
H. Res. 130: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. P LASKETT . 
H. Res. 210: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. E STY, and 
H. Res. 230: Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. F RANKEL of 
H. Res. 367: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and 
H. Res. 382: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
H. Res. 385: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6089 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2015 No. 121 