there has been a flurry of activity regarding infrastructure funding in recent days. We had the first hearing in the Ways and Means Committee in the 55 months since my Republican friends took over to deal with transportation finance. There have been press conferences and proposals, and actually, a few other hearings have been scheduled. Despite all the furor, there is only 
one solution which is broadly supported, which is easy to implement, and which does the job. That solution is raising the gas tax. 
Ways and Means the three basic arguments that are offered against that: that it is not politically possible, that there is really no time to do this so we have to extend it to the end of the year, and that this would somehow be a burden on families. 
that it is not politically possible is not remotely the case. There are 20 States in the last 2
the American Road & Transportation Builders Association at our Ways and Means hearing pointed out that the legislators in those States who voted to increase the gas tax were reelected at an over 90 percent rate, and the legislators that voted for the gas tax in the States were reelected at a higher percentage than those who voted against it. 
look at what has happened already this year where six very red States—Idaho; Utah; South Dakota; Iowa; Nebraska, overriding a Governor’s veto; and Georgia—have all met their responsibilities raising the gas tax. It absolutely is something that can be done with a little political courage. 
time, that we have got to fuss around and it is going to take extensive hearings to come forward with the proposal—well, only if it is a complex, convoluted, untested, and controversial proposal. Raising the gas tax would take about 1 week’s work, could be implemented quickly, and is the simplest and least expensive revenue measure to implement. 
What about this notion that somehow it is a burden on American families? Well, the proposal that I have introduced would cost less than 25 cents a day, and those families that would pay the increased user fees are suffering over $350 a year damage to their vehicles from poorly maintained roads. The American Society of Civil Engineers suggests that that cost per family is going to be over a $1,000 a year by 2020. And the American public is paying by being stuck in traffic, in congestion, costing $120 billion a year. It costs money to them—money that could have been used for more productive purposes—and time away from their families. 
our July recess and dedicated the week of July 13 to solving the infrastructure crisis in this country where America is falling apart and falling behind. The people who were experts at the hearing that weren’t heard from could have answered all those questions. 
Where else are we going to find something that is broadly supported by business and labor, by truckers and AAA, bicyclist, engineers, environmentalists, local governments? We would have all of those people before us supporting a solution to this important challenge. I can’t think of any other issue that would bring all those people together and support congressional action. 
falling apart and falling behind. We could put hundreds of thousands of people to work at familywage jobs all across America while we strengthen our communities, make them more livable, and provide an economic boost for the future. 
take ‘‘yes’’ for an answer, deal with the broadest coalition of support for any major issue, and have another victory like we did with the SGR? We can do it, and it is hard to think of something that would be more important. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) for 5 minutes. 
throughout my life, I have learned that the American people are strong and resilient. Throughout our history, we have shown time and time again our unique ability to overcome every obstacle and every adversary that has blocked our path to freedom. This resilience is what has advanced our Nation from being a ragtag rabble of citizens who took up arms in the American Revolution to being the greatest superpower in the world. 
nation, we have not always been perfect. In fact, we have made some grave mistakes. However, our shared dedication to liberty and justice for all people has put us back on course. And though it sometimes takes years, or even generations, the spirit of American exceptionalism overshadows our mistakes and, with the spirit of forgiveness and reconciliation, we move forward. 
its leaders purposefully mislead the American people, they are much less willing to forgive and forget, especially when such deception puts the people at risk, threatens their Godgiven rights or the sovereignty of this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I fear the American people and the Members of this Congress have, once again, been deceived, and I intend to get to the bottom of it. 
this body the Affordable Care Act, the American people were sold a bill of goods with deceiving statements and deceptive promises, statements such as, ‘‘If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.’’ Although this disastrous legislation passed against the will of the people, some Americans trusted that the law would not take away their chosen healthcare plan. Unfortunately, the American people found out the hard way they have been deceived. 
evidence of another deception surrounding ObamaCare. Prior to the launch of the healthcare.gov Web site, officials of this administration assured Congress and the American people that personal information submitted via the ObamaCare Web site would be secure and would not be permanently stored. However, new evidence suggests this may have been just another baitand switch tactic. 
the government is apparently storing American citizens’ personal identifiable information obtained through the healthcare.gov Web site. If this is indeed true, then, this is not only another assault on the good faith of the American people, but, more importantly, it puts them at significant personal risk. 
its inability to secure computer systems and protect sensitive information. In the past several months, we have been inundated with reports of security breaches of government computer systems, disclosing personal and official information that potentially harms our national security. 
into the government healthcare exchange, over 11 million people have registered with healthcare.gov. A breach of this system could be larger and potentially more disastrous than any of the previous breaches, which is a serious concern. 
our Founders gave us a government of the people, not a government of elitists, establishment, or executive privilege. We are a nation of laws, not a nation of feelings or good intentions. We are bound by the Constitution, but that Constitution is only as sound as the integrity of those who have sworn to uphold it. 
government to operate within the constraints of the Constitution, the limits of the law, and to be transparent and accountable. Unconstrained activity by government agencies has gone on far too long, and now their deceptions and reckless behavior is threatening the safety and the security of the American people. These actions put the future of our Nation at great risk, and they must stop. 
Oversight of Science, Space, and Technology, I intend to diligently pursue this issue, to find the truth, expose those who have violated the trust of the American people, and ensure the illegal collection of data by our government is stopped and the previously collected data is permanently removed. 
this body through our Constitution and the trust invested in us by the American people to right these wrongs. Our citizens deserve better than this, and I am committed to ensuring that the American people have a nation that is once again free, safe, and full of opportunity. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
week, nine parishioners were shot and killed inside Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina, one of the oldest African American churches in the United States. 
tragedy in Charleston, we paused to reflect and send our prayers to families grieving an unimaginable loss. I wish this tragedy in Charleston were an isolated incident, but it seems to be part of a terrible recurring pattern. 
should engage in a discussion about how to address and potentially prevent such tragedies from happening again. 
Let’s remember that after Katrina, we talked about FEMA and national readiness. But the gun lobby doesn’t want us to have this conversation. They accuse anyone who tries with exploiting the deaths of innocent people. 
about solutions when 13 people were killed and 8 were injured during the shooting in the Washington, D.C., Navy Yard; or after a person opened fire during a midnight screening of a film, ‘‘The Dark Knight Rises’’ in 2012, killing 12 and injuring 58 others; or when 28 people were shot and killed, including 20 innocent children, at Sandy Hook Elementary School; or when a man shot 3 people and killed 7 others at a Sikh temple in Oak Creek, Wisconsin; or when 14 people were shot and 6 were killed in 2011 during a constituent meeting hosted by our colleague, Congresswoman Gabby Giffords, in a supermarket parking lot in Tucson; or when a man opened fire in Fort Hood, Texas, in 2009, killing 13 people, injuring 30 others; or in 2008 when a man opened fired at a lecture hall at Northern Illinois University, shooting 21 students and killing 6; or when a senior at Virginia Tech went on a shooting rampage on campus in 2007, killing 33 people and injuring 23 others; or when 2 seniors at Columbine High School attacked their classmates and teachers, wounding 24 and killing 15; or in Chicago and cities across the country which experience gun tragedies every day. 
Yet, since I have come to this Congress nearly 7 years ago, the people’s House has refused to hold even one hearing on the epidemic of gun violence we are facing. 
people were shot and 1 man was killed, all within a matter of hours. In May, Chicago saw 300 people shot and 37 people killed in shootings. Every day in America, 297 people are shot and nearly 90 people are killed by guns. 
According to Harvard University researchers, the rate of mass shootings has increased threefold since 2011, occurring an average of every 64 days. Let me repeat that. A mass shooting occurs in the U.S. on the average of every 64 days. 
will we stand up and say we may not be able to stop every crime, but we can stop some of them and at least minimize the damage of others? When will we realize and acknowledge that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries? When will we finally be able to have a national discussion about gun violence? 
Instead, the gun lobby stymies debate by arguing that no gun regulation can prevent criminals and the mentally ill from killing people with guns, but I don’t buy that. Sure, no single law or set of laws can prevent every act of 
senseless violence. Ending the American epidemic of gun violence will require more than a change in law. 
It is clear we need a change in our 
culture; but oftentimes, changing our culture starts with changing our laws. By enacting reasonable reforms, we can make a difference. We can make it more difficult for wouldbe assassins to access guns. We can ensure every gun in America is purchased after a background check rather than only 60 percent of guns, as is currently the case. 
We can crack down on the flow of illegal guns onto our streets by improving gun trafficking data, and we can reduce the fatality rate by banning assault rifles and highcapacity magazines that are designed exclusively for killing dozens of people at once. 
Let’s face it, when you have an assault rifle with a highcapacity magazine, you are not hunting deer; you are hunting people. The gun lobby tries to argue that any attempt to regulate gun access is an attempt to restrict all gun access, but there is such a thing as commonsense, middleground gun reform, and most gun owners support it. 
can we reduce their frequency and deadliness? Absolutely—the first step toward keeping dangerous guns out of the hands of dangerous people is to begin the conversation. Let’s break the silence, stop the violence, and start the conversation. 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 minutes. 
Obama administration and Tehran are yet again running up against another deadline. This one comes next Tuesday when the clock expires on reaching a comprehensive nuclear deal. 
whitehouse.gov, there is a site outlining the current nuclear negotiations. On the front page of this Web site, when discussing what a possible deal with Iran should do, it states: ‘‘prevent Iran from using the cover of negotiations to continue advancing its nuclear program as we seek to negotiate a longterm comprehensive solution that addresses all of the international community’s concerns.’’ 
reality? It is a possible deal that could block international inspectors from having unrestricted access to all of Iran’s nuclear sites to verify their compliance. Mr. Speaker, what could Iran possibly have to hide if their nuclear work is solely for peaceful purposes? 
require Iran to disclose all of its previous nuclear work and possible military dimensions. It is a bad deal because, if Iran expects the world to trust them and lift sanctions, why not come clean? I also see a deal that could lift all 
sanctions once the ink is dried, which is a bad deal, because what would this instant relief be rewarding? Years of covert work, violations of U.N. resolutions, and the export of terror across the globe—no one in good faith could say that the deal before the world right now prevents Iran from obtaining a pathway to the bomb. If anything, Mr. Speaker, it puts them on a pathway to the bomb. 
that this administration has been negotiating not with Iran, but with itself. We have seen them consistently move the goalpost on what they are willing to accept with respect to essential components of a good deal. This ranges from the number of centrifuges to inspections to the dismantling of nuclear infrastructure. 
The parameters of what this administration is willing to accept has moved so many times, I don’t believe it would surprise anyone if reports emerged before next Tuesday that showed even more concessions have been made. 
needs to prevent Iran from having a pathway to the bomb. They need to hold good on their word that no deal is better than a bad deal. 
right now, with the exception of Iran, could accept the reported deal as a ‘‘good deal.’’ Let’s not settle for a bad deal; let’s not stand for a nuclear Iran. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. 
to stress the importance of reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank’s charter, which has served this Nation well. The ExportImport Bank is an important program used to support our Nation’s entrepreneurs—the best in the world—and keep them competitive in today’s global economy. 
It is a tool. It is a tool that has enjoyed bipartisan support over the years, just like trade agreements are a tool to, in fact, increase jobs here in America, goodpaying jobs. 
solutions to boost U.S. job growth, and it has been successful in increasing exports for American goods and services—American goods that are made here—at no cost—no cost—to the American taxpayer. 
tomorrow—tomorrow. Unfortunately, the House Republican leadership is refusing to bring it to the floor for a vote, with thousands of American jobs at risk. 
American workers and American businesses that are trying to sell their products and goods overseas face a completely unnecessary blow to their ability to compete. In total, the ExIm Bank—otherwise 
known, abbreviated—has created and sustained over 1.5 million jobs in the private sector since 2007 alone—1.5 million jobs since 2007. Last year alone, the Bank sustained over 164,000 export related American goodpaying jobs. 
you have got to ensure that American workers and businesses can compete. The ExIm Bank represents a vital pillar, therefore, in our ability to be competitive overseas, and it has had significant impacts in the San Joaquin Valley that I represent. 
that I talk to that use the ExIm Bank tell me: JIM, we have the ability to 
compete. We make our products better, but when we are sitting at the table with foreign competitors, many of these countries want to know, do you have a financing plan in place? 
ability to choose us or choose our competitors, many of these countries want to know that this can be financially put together in a fashion so that the deal works for everybody, and that is what the Bank does. 
has afforded a number of small business exporters—some of which are minority and women owned—to have exports in places all over the world, places like India, Mexico, Turkey, Hong Kong; and I could go on. These businesses export $77 million worth of goods, ranging from machinery to manufacturing to crop production of the variety and diversity of agricultural exports that we do in California. 
ExIm Bank has resulted in increased exports of over $27 billion. Now, let’s put this in perspective. Last year, California exported $174 billion in products. 
helping to finance $27 billion of that $174 billion. As a matter of fact, $19.4 billion of the $174 billion that was exported last year from California were agricultural products grown in the San Joaquin Valley. 
field, therefore, for American workers and American businesses, allowing them to compete and succeed in the global economy that we live in today. That is just the facts. 
Congress should be doing is jeopardizing the economic health of our Nation by refusing to provide Americans with the tools—the tools, which is what this Bank is—they need to compete effectively in the global marketplace. 
a vast bipartisan support for renewing the Bank’s charter. Let me be clear. Despite attempts to paint this as a partisan issue, I do not believe it is. Sadly, though, there are some of my colleagues on the other side who have decided to play partisan politics with the Bank. That, then, therefore threatens American jobs, halting economic 
businesses’ ability of all sizes to compete in this global market. 
Now is the time for longterm reauthorization of the Bank so that American entrepreneurs can use this tool to create more jobs in our country. This can only happen with bipartisan support. I stand and ask my colleagues to reauthorize the ExIm Bank on behalf of American workers and American businesses. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, the single greatest threat to the national security of the United States is Iran’s drive for nuclear weapons. The result of the negotiations being conducted by President Obama and our Western allies will shape the longterm security and stability of the United States for years to come. 
terror, a stronghold for terrorists whose very mission is to spread oppression. Iranian leaders have called for the complete annihilation of Israel, calling Israel a ‘‘barbaric, wolflike, and infanticidal regime.’’ Iranian leaders have said that the United States of America has ‘‘no place among the nations.’’ 
looking for a peaceful path of coexistence. There can be nothing more dangerous for America or our allies than a nucleararmed Iran. That is why a bad deal with Iran, one that leaves the door open for Iranian nuclear weapons, must be avoided at all costs. 
the President and his national security team have said over and over that a bad deal is worse than no deal at all; but will that sentiment actually stop this administration from entering into a bad deal with Iran? What I have seen so far, through the framework agreement released in April, raises serious concerns. 
not a single Iranian nuclear centrifuge will be dismantled. No nuclear facilities will be shut down. While some of Iran’s nuclear infrastructure will be temporarily warehoused, most of Iran’s nuclear infrastructure will remain completely intact. All of these factors point to a flawed understanding of a ‘‘good deal’’ by President Obama; yet this is the deal we may well be given. 
was negotiating with another country on nuclear weapons development. During these talks with the Soviet Union and Gorbachev in the 1980s, President Ronald Reagan used the proverb ‘‘trust, but verify’’ throughout those discussions. 
that same tactic. In fact, it seems to me that in regards to Iran, the Obama administration is operating on the 
As things stand, these ongoing nuclear negotiations are placing far too much faith in a country that has proven itself both deceptive and unpredictable. 
Mr. President, a good deal must contain the following five points: first, a deal that requires anytime, anywhere inspections; second, a deal that would only lift sanctions when Iran demonstrates compliance with its obligations; third, a deal must require Iran to provide a complete report of its past nuclear activities; fourth, a deal must require Iran to dismantle its nuclear weapons infrastructure; and, last but not least, a good deal must not allow Iran to become a nuclear state ever. 
the United States will, without a doubt, be prioritizing a bad deal over no deal at all. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) for 5 minutes. 
today to recognize a very dear friend, Dick Horigan. 
Amsterdam, New York. Dick turns 90 on Friday, and it is worth noting this milestone because he has epitomized the generosity, humility, and dedication of the World War II generation, and he has made Amsterdam a better place as a result. 
Amsterdam, nor did he grow up there. In horse racing terms, a sport he continues to enjoy at the nearby historic Saratoga Race Course, Dick was a ‘‘shipper’’ from Scranton, Pennsylvania. 
After serving in the Navy in the Pacific during World War II, he enrolled in Georgetown University. On a blind date, he met Marie Smeallie, the beautiful daughter of Donald and Agnes Smeallie of Amsterdam, and they were married shortly thereafter. Upon Dick’s graduation from Georgetown law school, Marie convinced him to move to Amsterdam and begin his law practice there. 
our community. Retired now, he was very active in the American Bar Association and the American College of Trial Lawyers. Dick was the consummate attorney and a leader in his field. He was the village attorney for nearby Hagaman, and practiced before the United States District Court, the Northern District of New York, and the United States Court of Appeals. 
own, and his son, Tim, joined him to start Horigan & Horigan, which continues to be one of the top firms not only in Amsterdam, but throughout New York’s greater capital region. While his love of his profession is 
strong, his love of family is even stronger. When Marie passed away in 1977, he found himself spending more and more time with Ellie Smeallie, who had been widowed many years earlier. In 1979, Ellie and Dick were married. This goodlooking couple merged two great families and brought them even closer together. 
33 grandchildren, and, yes, 3 great grandchildren. While many of them live outside of the region now, they all come back to visit, especially in August, when the historic Saratoga Race Course is open. 
passions include golfing and helping St. Mary’s Catholic Church, where I would often see him at mass in the mornings. 
Richard Horigan. I hope there are many more to come, Dick. You are a beloved, reliable patriarch of an awesome clan. You are a respected, loyal friend to countless many, including myself. 
is: To a great man, have a great day. It is my honor to recognize your 90th birthday. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, the week before last, the greatly respected conservative columnist Thomas Sowell wrote: 
whole experience of the Iraq war? If nothing else, we should never again imagine that we can engage in nation building in the sweeping sense that term acquired in Iraq—least of all, building a democratic Arab nation in a region of the world that has never had such a thing in a history that goes back thousands of years. 
conservative leader David Keene wrote in the Washington Times about our Middle East wars: 
stretched beyond any rational meaning with the argument that ‘‘democracies don’t go to war with democracies,’’ so rebuilding the world in our own image was seen as our ultimate national interest. 
America took on more than we could possibly handle. The result is a generation of young Americans who have never known peace, a decade in which thousands of our best have died or been maimed with little to show for their sacrifices, our enemies have multiplied, and the national debt has skyrocketed. 
The American Conservative magazine, Jon Utley, wrote an article entitled: ‘‘12 Reasons America Doesn’t Win Its Wars.’’ The Magazine said: 
Too many parties now benefit from perpetual warmongering for the U.S. to ever conclude its military conflicts. 
Mr. Utley quoted conservative columnist Peggy Noonan, who wrote: 
not only adds to our debt, but guarantees that our weapons will be used. 
justify their expense, which will implicate us in crises that are none of our business. 
Conservative icon William F. Buckley, shortly before he passed away, came out strongly against the war in Iraq. He wrote: 
States is engendered by our success in engagements in which we take part. A point is reached when tenacity conveys not steadfastness of purpose but misapplication of pride. 
There has been skepticism about our venture, there will be contempt. 
Iraq army, which we have trained for years and on which we have spent megabillions, cutting and running at the first sign of a fight. We should not be sending our young men and women to lead and/or fight in any war where the people in that country are not willing to fight for themselves. 
should be the ones most horrified by and most opposed to the horrendous waste and trillions of dollars we have spent on these very unnecessary wars in the Middle East. 
resolution saying that we should bring our troops home from Iraq and Afghanistan. The Republican leadership of the Foreign Affairs Committee did not want any Republicans to speak in favor of that resolution, so Mr. JONES , Mr. 
and received, time from the Democratic sponsor, Mr. MCGOVERN . 
I did not want to do that, but I at 
least wanted to point out today that there has been nothing conservative about our policy of permanent, forever, endless war in the Middle East. 
Eisenhower warned us against the military industrial complex. We should not be going to war in wars that are more about money and power and prestige than they are about any serious threat to the United States. I think President Eisenhower would be shocked at how far we have gone down that path that he warned us against. 
UPCOMING SUPREME COURT DECISION IN OBERGEFELL V. HODGES, TANCO V. HASLAM, DEBOER V. SNYDER, AND 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) for 5 minutes. 
express the profound hope that, in its upcoming decision, the Supreme Court will strike down laws that prohibit samesex couples from marrying and to ensure that all States recognize lawful 
Hodges, Tanco v. Haslam, DeBoer v. Snyder, and Bourke v. Beshear—are an opportunity for the Court to end legal discrimination against committed gay and lesbian couples and their children and to reestablish marriage as a civil right, one that is ‘‘fundamental to our very existence and survival,’’ as it was called by Justice Warren in Loving v. Virginia in 1967. As a country, we can no longer allow State governments to burden their citizens by refusing to grant marriage licenses based on whom they love. 
York State Assembly, I have fought alongside the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community for equality under the law. I spoke out in opposition when, in 1996, Congress, for the first time, created a Federal definition of marriage with the Defense of Marriage Act, or DOMA, solely for the purpose of excluding gays and lesbians from receiving Federal marriage benefits; and I have long carried legislation to repeal this insidious law, from offering the Respect for Marriage Act to leading the congressional amicus briefs in both Windsor and the current marriage equality cases before the Court. Yet even a full repeal of DOMA would still leave individuals vulnerable to continued State discrimination, which is why there must be a guaranteed right to access to benefits of marriage regardless of where a couple may reside. 
Edith Windsor began dating Thea Spyer in 1965 and accepted her proposal in 1967, she was not thinking about how the government would view her relationship. She was thinking about the joy and happiness that comes from beginning to shape a life with a partner she loved. Forty years after that proposal, they were able to legally marry in Canada, outside of the country and State they called home. 
should be forced to leave their home, traveling away from friends and family across State lines, in order to get married. Nor should anyone be faced with the humiliation of being denied government benefits, the tragedy of being barred from a partner’s hospital bedside, or the indignity of being refused any of the other thousands of benefits that come with marriage that millions of Americans access every day because a State refuses to recognize their otherwise lawful marriage. 
Denying recognition of samesex relationships signals to the couple, their family, and all others that their bond in love is less deserving of respect, harming the individuals and creating divisions within the fabric of our society. 
fought all the way to the Supreme Court, in the United States v. Windsor, to establish what so many of us have known for decades: that laws that deny 
recognition of legal samesex marriages serve no legitimate purpose, stigmatize and shame American families, and are a deprivation of the equal liberty guarantee of the Constitution’s Fifth Amendment. 
It is time for the long arc of history 
to continue to bend towards justice and for similarly discriminatory State laws to be struck down once and for all. 
there will be no losers. No one will be harmed by the granting and recognition of samesex marriages. Those claiming otherwise are either promoting discredited claims about the dangers of gays and lesbians or falsely believe they have the right to involve themselves in the private affairs of others. 
already live in jurisdictions that provide for samesex marriages. It is unconscionable that anyone would propose to continue to deny universal access and recognition, as well as the associated safety and security, to these families. 
The Court has the immediate responsibility to expand upon its decision in Windsor to ensure that State laws comply with established basic constitutional protections and that all Americans are given the equal respect and support they deserve. 
also rolled back governmentenforced marriage discrimination based on race, outdated prejudices and intolerance cannot be allowed to rule the day. It is time that we make the Constitution’s promise of equality a reality for gay and lesbian couples throughout the Nation. 
Regardless of the forthcoming decision, we have a long way to go to ensure full equality for LGBT Americans who can still be fired from their jobs, denied housing, and turned away from stores simply for being who they are. We must work together to pass comprehensive nondiscrimination legislation to protect these vulnerable Americans. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
most Americans, I store a lot on my computer and on my phone: family photographs, personal calendars, emails, schedules, and even weekend todo lists, or, as my wife calls them, honeydo lists. But this information stored on a phone like the one I have here is not private from the prying, spying eyes of government. 
Big Brother can snoop on tweets, g chats, texts, Instagrams, and even emails. Anything that is stored in the cloud is available to be spied on by government, as long as it is older than 180 days. 
to the outdated Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986. That act protects the privacy of emails that are less than 6 months old. 1986, those were the days before the World Wide Web even existed. Many of us—I do—have staff that weren’t even born before 1986. 
cabinets, and desk drawers. No one knew what the cloud was because the cloud didn’t even exist. There was not any broadband, no social media, no tablets, or smartphones. 
email—and I remember when email was invented—never imagined keeping emails longer than it took to send it or read it. So it was perfectly reasonable that, in 1986, lawmakers tried to protect emails, but only did so for 180 days. Who would keep anything online for longer than 6 months? Well, three decades later, we know. Everybody stores their emails. 
text, every Google doc and Facebook message, every photograph of our vacation, is subject to government inspection without a warrant, without probable cause, and without our knowledge if it is older than 6 months. That is an invasion of privacy. 
agencies don’t want the law changed. The Securities and Exchange Commission is lobbying to keep the law on the books. Why does the SEC want to maintain this spying ability? Well, I suspect they want to be able to read our personal financial records and communications without the constitutional protection of a search warrant and without our knowledge. Spying on the citizens by government sounds like conduct reminiscent of the old Soviet Union, to me. 
agency that has access to emails over 6 months old. 
confiscate emails older than 6 months, without a warrant, without probable cause, and without knowledge of the person. This is a clear violation of the Constitution, in my opinion. 
mail and you write a letter and you put a stamp on it and you put it in the mailbox, that letter floats around the fruited plain until it ends up in somebody’s possession. Government generally cannot seize that letter without a warrant and go in and snoop around and look in there and see what it is. 
Why should government have the ability to snoop around in our personal emails? They don’t have that right, even though they have the ability. 
Whatever our political disagreements, on both sides, most Americans, I believe, share the conviction that privacy is protected by the Fourth 
Amendment of the U.S. Constitution: to protect us from unreasonable searches and seizures from government; protect us in our persons, houses, papers, and personal effects. 
or tap into phones or read mail without showing a judge they have probable cause that a crime was committed; then a search warrant must be obtained. 
years in Texas, and officers would come to me with search warrants, and I would read and see if they had probable cause. If they did, I would sign a warrant. That is what the Constitution requires before you can go snoop around and spy on Americans. Why should our possessions and communications be less private just because they are online? 
I have teamed up with Representative ZOELOFGREN , on the other side, and 
lots of other Members of Congress in both parties, to introduce legislation to update the outdated ECPA law. There is also a bill in the Senate that enjoys the same support. 
Our bills restore ECPA’s original purpose, to protect privacy in the ways we live, communicate, learn, and transact business and recreate today. This legislation would protect the sacred right of privacy from the everincreasing spying government trolls in America. 
Our mission is simple: extend constitutional protections to communications and records that Americans store online for any amount of time. There is no need to delay. The bill is written. The votes are there. Let’s pass the legislation. 
but the Constitution remains the same. Thomas Jefferson said in the Declaration of Independence: 
protect the right of privacy, rather than violate the right of privacy. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ) for 5 minutes. 
today to honor Dr. Elson Floyd, the president of Washington State University, who passed away this past weekend. 
Let me start with a little bit of background. Every member of my family went to the University of Washington, so I was actually raised to root for the UW Huskies and to root against the Washington State University Cougars. 
Now, before Dr. Floyd passed, I admitted to him that, having worked with him over the years and having admired his leadership, I suddenly found myself rooting for Washington State 
University, too. You will be glad to know that eventually my family started talking to me again. 
friend and a partner. He led the university during incredibly difficult times in our economy, and he never hesitated to make tough decisions that he believed would be best for his university and best for his students. That even included cutting his own salary during the Great Recession. He fought for opportunities for his students, and in fact, the number of students of color at WSU doubled during his tenure. 
wasn’t just a leader for Washington State University, he was a leader and a visionary for all of higher education in Washington State. It wasn’t just about what was good for Washington State University, it was what was good for higher education. 
ethic where we are advocating for more people to have more opportunities to get more education to higher levels? He understood that. He understood that because he understood that education is the door of economic opportunity because he had lived it himself. 
He did all he could to ensure that opportunity was felt, not just in Pullman, Washington, and not just at the University of Washington in Seattle, but all throughout our State. We saw in my neck of the woods at Olympic College in Bremerton where, because of Dr. Floyd’s leadership, WSU set up a 4 year program in engineering. 
is the reality of it. What he did changed lives. It meant that young 
people in Bremerton could see the opportunity to actually learn at home, study for 4 years, get a degree in engineering, and then go work in private industry or go work at our shipyard. 
have opportunities that they would have never had before if it hadn’t been for Elson Floyd’s leadership. What he did changed lives. He was such a good man. He was ethical, and he was wise, and he had that extraordinary combination of big heart and big brain and courage. 
days since he passed, and I just want to be one of the people to celebrate him. I am going to miss him, and I want to extend to the entire WSU community my condolences. 
to know that we lost a very special person and that our thoughts and prayers are with them. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. 
of the things I hear from my constituents so regularly is: What are you 
From time to time, at our committee, we would hold hearings on an inspector general report and actually look at some waste. This started our office thinking and some of us on the Budget Committee thinking about: How do you begin to quantify that and hold these agencies accountable? 
know, it seems that they are always after one of us, a smallbusiness owner, but they never go ask a Federal bureaucrat or a Federal agency to pony up or to pay back money or to be held accountable. 
In our office, our interns this summer have worked with us on a project to actually begin to quantify this waste and to look at these inspector general reports. 
Just taking the reports from the 70 agencies that have inspector generals and looking at a 4year period of time, from 2011 to 2014, what we found is this: we could put our finger on $105.7 billion of waste, and that is $105.7 billion of waste, of taxpayer money that is being wasted. It has been identified by the inspector general’s office. That works out to about $1.5 billion for each of these 70 agencies. 
the fact that many of these agencies are doing nothing about it; and we found that, when you look at the reports that have been issued, which total 81 different reports, the reports for which a management decision was made during the reporting period was only 30 of those reports. 
said that they are going to go in and they are going to take an action in response to the recommendations that the inspector general has found. 
looked at was where these wasteful occurrences continue to happen and who are the repeat offenders when you look at these IG reports. 
Speaker. Department of Defense, $38.2 billion that has been identified—this is one of the reasons that Republicans are pushing to audit the DOD and hold people accountable for the wasteful spending. 
Health and Human Services, $10.3 billion—we found that $2 billion went toward the ObamaCare Web site, which still is barely working. 
Department of Agriculture, $9.2 billion; Social Security Administration, $9.1 billion; Department of Energy, $7.7 billion—and by the way, Solyndra, a green energy firm, filed for bankruptcy in September 2011, after they got 536 million taxpayer dollars. The list goes on and on. 
What we are going to do—and I commend Chairman PRICE for pushing forward to hold some hearings with these inspector generals, with these departments, to drill down on the total number of reports and to hold them accountable for not taking an action and looking for ways that we, as Members of Congress, can charge back these agencies for the continued misuse—not occasional misuse, not one time misuse, but continued misuse of taxpayer dollars. 
agencies and what they have done, year after year, there are some of these agencies that end up in the top 10 offenders every year—2014, Department of Defense, HUD, Health and Human Services, Department of Energy, Social Security, Department of Agriculture, VA, Homeland Security, Department of Education, Department of State, and the Agency for International Development. 
down the list, the top 10 again, Defense, HUD, Energy, Health and Human Services, Railroad Retirement Board, Homeland Security, Agriculture, Social Security Administration, Department of Education, and Department of State—repeated waste, fraud, and abuse of the taxpayer money. 
2003, our freshman class decided our project was going to be rooting out wasteful Washington spending. We continue to be committed to that, and I submit our findings to the body for their review and understanding. 
Average waste of the 70 agencies = $1.5 billion 
Waste by year: Our findings 2011 = $20.1 billion 2012 = $19.5 billion 2013 = $40.9 billion 2014 = $25.2 billion Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity & Efficiency 
2011 = $17.2 billion 2012 = $12.8 billion 2013 = $35.1 billion 2014 = n/a 11 agencies accumulated over $1 billion in 
1. Dept. of Defense—$38.2 billion 2. Dept. of Health & Human Services—$10.3 
3. Dept. of Agriculture—$9.2 billion 4. Social Security Administration—$9.1 billion 
5. HUD—$ 7.7 billion 6. Dept. of Energy—$7.7 billion 7. Dept. of Homeland Security—$5.9 billion 8. VA—$3.9 billion 9. Dept. of Education—$3.2 billion 10. Railroad Retirement Board—$2.5 billion 11. Dept. of State—$1.1 billion Top 10 in 2014 Total Waste 1. Dept. of Defense—$10.4 billion 2. HUD—$2.9 billion 3. Dept. Health & Human Services—$2.7 billion 
4. Dept. of Energy—$2.6 billion S. Social Security Administration—$2.5 
6. Dept. of Agriculture—$992.7 million 7. VA—$957.1 million 8. Dept. of Homeland Security—$345.5 million 
9. Dept. of Education—$273.4 million 10. Dept. of State—$264.8 million 
Top 10 in 2013 Total Waste 1. Dept. of Defense—$23.9 billion 2. HUD—$2.9 billion 3. Dept. of Energy—$2.6 billion 4. Dept. of Health and Human Services— 
5. Railroad Retirement Board—$2.2 billion 6. Dept. of Homeland Security—$1.6 billion 7. Dept. of Agriculture—$1.5 billion 8. Social Security Administration—$1.4 billion 
9. Dept. of Education—$606.6 million 10. Dept. of State—$266.1 million Top 10 in 2012 Total Waste 1. Social Security Administration—$3.4 billion 
2. Dept. of Defense—$3.0 billion 3. Dept. of Homeland Security—$2.3 billion 4. Dept. of Health & Human Services—$2.3 
5. Dept. of Agriculture—$2.0 billion 6. HUD—$1.4 billion 7. Dept. of Energy—$1.2 billion 8. Dept. of Education—$999.4 million 9. Securities and Exchange Commission— 
Top 10 in 2011 Total Waste 1. Dept. of Agriculture—$4.7 billion 2. Dept. of Health & Human Services—$2.9 
5. Dept. of Homeland Security—$1.6 billion 6. Dept. of Education—$1.3 billion 7. Dept. of Energy—$1.2 billion 8. Dept. of Defense—$979 million 9. Securities and Exchange Commission— 
10. HUD—$395.9 million Other agencies total waste 2011–2014 (no 
FCC—$24.4 million Dept. of Labor—$147.1 million Dept. of Treasury—$38.9 million Dept. of Commerce—$467.1 million Dept. of Transportation—$478.4 million. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) for 5 minutes. 
today, I rise to recognize Mr. Ken Farfsing, upon his retirement as the city manager of the city of Signal Hill, California, which will be this coming week, on June 30. 
with Ken on local and statewide issues for almost 20 years, while I served on the Long Beach City Council, as a member of the California State Legislature, and now, as a Member of the United States Congress. I consider Ken to be a dear friend. 
community development, redevelopment, economic development, and city management in five southern California communities. He has spent the last 19 years, however, serving the city of Signal Hill, and I am honored to recognize his outstanding career. 
to community development director. In 1988, he continued his career as the community development director for the city of Downey. He later became Downey’s assistant city manager and director of economic development. He served as the city manager in the city of South Pasadena for 4 years before coming to the city of Signal Hill. 
Under his guidance, the city of Signal Hill established three commercial centers, the Town Center North, the Town Center West, and the Signal Hill Gateway Center. 
Mercedes Benz dealership to Signal Hill and the expansion of the Glenn E. Thomas Dodge dealership, growing sales and tax revenues from $6 million to more than $12 million. Additionally, he completed the development of six community parks and a new police station. 
issues, also, and he has been a leader with expertise on water issues, working with 27 of the area’s Gateway Cities Council of Governments on water, storm water, and urban runoff regulations and practices. 
He has served as the chair of the city 
manager’s steering committee for the Gateway Cities manager’s group, and he was a member of the water quality task force for the League of California Cities. 
Ken Farfsing’s leadership and service to the community of Signal Hill, and he will be greatly missed. I want to wish him the very best as he retires. His impact on the city of Signal Hill will always be remembered. 
all my distinguished colleagues to join me in thanking Ken Farfsing for his 19 years of public service within the city of Signal Hill. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ) for 5 minutes. 
today to introduce the Power of the Purse Act of 2015. I wrote this bill to restore Congress’ ability to set priorities within Federal spending and, quite frankly, to better control it. To do that, my bill simply removes the firewall that exists within sequestration between defense spending and nondiscretionary spending. It allows Congress to regain the power of the purse so that we can take discretionary spending and take defense spending, but right now, the firewall requires us to spend equally on both. The Constitution gives the power of the purse clearly to Congress, and, as elected Representatives, we have an obligation to make the hard choices about where your tax dollars are spent. 
to 2011. The country was facing its third year in a row with trilliondollar 
deficits. Republicans and Democrats alike here in the House, Republicans and Democrats in the Senate, and the President of the United States signed into law the Budget Control Act, the result of a failure of Congress to come to a better agreement. 
The intention of that act was to control spending, to put caps on spending. But to get Democrats to agree to it, we had to say we would only spend 50 percent of discretionary spending on defense spending; yet Republicans, we would only put 50 percent on nondefense spending. So we locked ourselves and tied our hands, but we couldn’t actually prioritize. 
In 2011, you could make the argument, as some did—I was here at the time, but prior to that, I was not here—when they argued that we should spend more money here in the United States on domestic spending, and they passed an $800 billion stimulus bill. They had the ability to do that and adjust to the global financial crisis. In 2011, they responded to the terrorist attacks and decided to spend more money on defense. 
We have to say, 50 percent here, 50 percent there, without regard to the circumstances that we face. This makes no sense at all. 
Today we are facing a new and an unprecedented number of threats. They are coming at us from all around the world. ISIS poses one of the greatest terrorist threats that we have seen since 9/11, while Iraq, Syria, and Yemen descend further into chaos. Iran remains committed to advancing its nuclear infrastructure while continuing to meddle and support instability in the region. And we have seen an alarming rise in cyber threats from both nonstate and state actors like Russia, Iran, and North Korea. China has started to build islands in the China Sea, raising tensions in Southeast Asia. 
that exists under sequestration, budget caps on defense and nondefense discretionary spending, we restore spending control back to the Congress, and we can appropriately respond to these international and global threats and require more focus on defense. 
Tomorrow could be just as well something else. It could be infrastructure right here at home or education. This is National Alzheimer’s Month. Maybe it would be spending more there to cure that horrible disease. We need to have the ability here to respond to the climate and environment that we face today, not what it was 4 years ago. My bill simply allows us to do that. By taking the taxpayer dollars that are sent by hardworking taxpayers here, it allows this Congress to make the determination on what the priorities ought to be at the time that we face those priorities. 
Now, I know Democrats are concerned that we will just blow up and spend more money on defense, and Republicans are concerned that if Democrats control it they would spend more money on discretionary spending. My bill does not remove the caps, but it does make this Congress have to debate with each other and find a conclusion that makes the most sense for the American people, because times have changed right here in the Congress. 
who are more libertarianminded, and they would prefer not to spend money on defense. They would prefer to spend it domestically. Rather than building roads in Afghanistan, they would prefer to build roads here. I have got colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle that feel we need to focus on national defense. They serve on the House Armed Services Committee or the Foreign Affairs Committee and are well aware of the national defense threats that we face. But we can’t do anything because we reluctantly hold onto bad policy. 
once and for all. By removing the firewall, we get to have the control of the purse once again that the Constitution has given us. 
is best off when control of its money is handled by those who are the most ‘‘immediate representatives of the people.’’ This Chamber, Mr. Speaker, is called the people’s House. Each of us represent well over 700,000 Americans, and our job is to represent them to the best of our ability. We should not and can not continue to tie our hands with some arbitrary decision that was made maybe out of necessity 4 years ago but doesn’t recognize the threat today. 
of this process and to cosponsor the Power of the Purse Act of 2015. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 4 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Sai Cultural & Community Center, Seattle, Washington, offered the following prayer: 
O, Lord, by Your will, we are born in 
different nations, speak different languages, and follow different religions and cultures; yet we are all Your children and ever grateful for Your love and protection. 
Evoke in us pious thoughts and feelings to shun all hatred and violence 
Bless our future generations to imbibe this spirit of love, sacrifice, and cooperation. 
Shirdi Sai Baba, who proclaimed in Hindi ‘‘sabka malik ek,’’ meaning ‘‘God is the master of all.’’ Inspire us, as Your trustees, to nourish and protect the world around us to sustain all life. 
Guide us along the ethical and holistic path of selfcontrol, purity of purpose, and dedication enshrined in the Shrimad Bhagavad Gita. 
and this Nation in performing its national and global responsibilities towards furthering the cause of humanity. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ) is recognized for 1 
There was no objection. Mr. MCDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege this morning to welcome our guest chaplain, Dr. Chandra Bhanu Satpathy. 
for his earnest and humble leadership of the global Sai movement, which celebrates the teachings and ideals of Shirdi Sai Baba, the most respected of the Indian Perfect Masters and renowned for his teachings of compassion and acceptance. 
of the global Sai movement, and I can’t think of a time when the values of peace, respect, and compassion are needed more here in our own country and in other parts of the world. 
this morning serves as a motivation to each of us gathered here to always remember what ultimately unites us far outweighs what divides us, regardless of language, culture, or creed. 
here today. Thank you for your exemplary leadership in the spirit of Sai Baba’s teachings, and thank you for sharing your vision for a peaceful future. 
rise at this time to lodge my objection that this House is going to recess tomorrow without taking up the renewal of the ExportImport Bank. This is a time when American businesspeople are doing everything they can think of to compete abroad. American manufacturers are seeking to export our goods. 
American exporting manufacturers. It supports 1.5 million American manufacturing jobs—goodpaying, family sustaining jobs. We can’t recess without renewing the ExportImport Bank. 
materially from the ExIm Bank: Universal Industrial Gases in Easton; Fluortek, Inc., in Easton; Victaulic Company of America in Easton; Noble Biomaterials, Inc., in Scranton; Lehighton Electronics in Lehighton; and Copperhead Chemical Company in Tamaqua. 
Mr. Speaker, we have to do the sensible thing and renew the ExportImport Bank. It is as plain as the nose on your face; it is as true as the law of 
today in the wake of last week’s devastating shooting in a church in Charleston, South Carolina. 
tragedy, but to lose nine innocent people while they were in a Bible study simply because of the color of their skin is heinous beyond words. On behalf of the people of southwest Alabama, I want to share our condolences with the families of those who lost loved ones. 
Let me be very clear. In today’s society, this kind of hatebased act and particularly hatebased on race or ethnicity is deplorable and unacceptable. We are one Nation, and there is no place in our country for racism. 
As a southerner, but more importantly, as an American, I feel as if there has been a death in my own family because these deaths were in my family, the family of all citizens in the United States of America. 
ago, I stood on the steps of the Supreme Court as the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act was struck down. 
like today, I stood there with the words ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law’’ inscribed on the top of the Court and celebrated a truly historic decision that finally, after decades of injustice, granted LGBT Americans the right to have their marriages recognized by the Federal Government. 
to me because I stood on those steps with many of my close friends and many of my staff whom I deeply care about, many of whom for the first time had their basic humanity recognized by the highest court in the land. 
next coming days, to stand on those same steps as the Supreme Court hopefully rules that every American has the constitutional right to marry the person they love. 
marriage equality will soon be the law of the land. As a vice chair of the 
LGBT Equality Caucus, I am committed to continuing to provide Federal policies that recognize the rights of all Americans, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, it is no secret that I am opposed to ObamaCare. I have been since day one. It is a bad law that is hurting Americans. It is hurting Americans with higher costs; it is hurting Americans because they have lost doctors they liked, and it is hurting our seniors because it will ration their health care. 
When ObamaCare created the Independent Payment Advisory Board, it put 15 unelected bureaucrats in charge of what payments Medicare seniors could get for their treatments. Many people have referred to this Board as a ‘‘death panel.’’ 
to repeal this Board, and yesterday, I was proud to stand up for our seniors by voting for the Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act, which would do just that. 
The Senate needs to pass this commonsense bill now, and we need to keep working to see that ObamaCare is fully and permanently repealed. 
(Mr. SIRES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to celebrate the christening and launch of the USS Gabrielle Giffords , the 
Representatives, Gabrielle Giffords, could teach us all a thing or two about honor, courage, and commitment. 
former Representative Giffords was shot in Tucson, Arizona, while meeting with many of her constituents and has since made an incredible recovery. She still works tirelessly to serve the people of Arizona, as well as citizens all across the country. 
last week in a ceremony led by Dr. Jill Biden, the sponsor of the ship. Dr. Biden aptly noted that former Representative Giffords represents the same qualities that the Navy embodies, and I could not agree more. As this vessel travels the world, I hope it will inspire patriotism and resiliency. 
to honor former Representative Giffords in this prestigious manner, and I am encouraged by the work she is doing as an advocate for safe and responsible gun ownership in order to prevent needless gun violence. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize veterans suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder. The month of June is the Veterans Affairs PostTraumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Month. 
to mental illness, often connected to PTSD trauma. We must take steps to reduce this horrible statistic. Even one is too many. Mr. Speaker, 22 is a disgrace to everything these heroes fought for. 
widespread, affecting one in five when they return home. Only 40 percent will seek treatment, leaving the remaining threefifths unaware of their condition, uneducated about the resources available to them, and often fearing that seeking help could hurt their career. 
women deserve the best treatment, and so I pledge to continue supporting initiatives that put our troops and veterans first. 
raise awareness about posttraumatic stress disorder and urge others to fight the fight to combat this terrible disease. 
today to honor Juneteenth, a celebration that commemorates the ultimate implementation of the Emancipation Proclamation. 
19, 1865, Union soldiers marched into Galveston, Texas, with the news that the Civil War had ended and the enslaved were now free. Two and a half years after President Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation, its promise was realized at least. 
Juneteenth is a celebration of African American freedom, and it also serves as a reminder to constantly strive for the expression and extension of the American idea—one of freedom, independence, and liberty. 
This year, I had the honor to join in 
the 40th annual Buffalo Juneteenth Festival, the third largest in the Nation. People of all backgrounds partake in cultural activities that promote and preserve the African American heritage. 
Juneteenth has established its position as an important tradition in western New York and in neighborhoods, towns, and cities throughout America. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Juneteenth to celebrate our Nation’s rich African American history. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the YWCA of Bradford, Pennsylvania, on celebrating its 100year anniversary. 
as the Young Women’s Christian League in 1915, seeks to eliminate racism; empower women; and promote peace, justice, freedom, and dignity for all. 
from a social organization to one based on service. Since then, it has been the home of McKean County’s first program to provide services to victims of domestic and sexual assault. 
YWCA of Bradford expanded its programs to include services and shelters for the homeless, mentally ill, and intellectually disabled. Meals on Wheels and a food pantry are among the other new amenities offered by the organization. 
honor an organization that has worked so hard to improve its community, and I thank the YWCA of Bradford for its dedicated service to the citizens of McKean County, Pennsylvania. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, last week, we witnessed an act of pure hatred and evil in Charleston, South Carolina. 
to pray for their families, for a community to heal, and for Congress to take action against unchecked and widespread gun violence. 
day by someone using a gun. Mass shootings are becoming almost commonplace; yet we continue to do nothing. No legislation will stop every tragedy, but passing commonsense gun laws will at least stop some. We need to pass background checks as our first line of defense against criminals and the dangerously mentally ill getting guns. 
prevented the shooting in Charleston, but we do know that background checks help keep guns from dangerous people, and that saves lives. 
better idea to cut down on gun violence, let’s see it. If not, let’s bring commonsense, bipartisan reforms like my bill to expand criminal background checks up for a vote. BLUE STAR MOTHERS 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
time we recognize the important role Blue Star Mothers play in supporting our troops by passing my bipartisan resolution which calls for August 2015 to be designated as Blue Star Mothers of America Month. 
tireless advocates for our troops and have assisted by providing hundreds of thousands of care packages, sending letters to troops stationed overseas, and hosting thousands of events and ceremonies. 
nonprofit, nonpartisan service organization that was chartered by Congress in 1960 and has currently over 11,000 members in 42 States. 
that is currently serving or previously served in the U.S. Armed Forces are eligible for membership. Many of these Blue Star Mothers have seen their loved ones sent into harm’s way. 
to stand with the Blue Star Mothers of America and support House Resolution 140. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, there is just one more congressional workday before the charter for the U.S. ExportImport Bank expires. If Republicans allow it to expire, thousands of Americans will lose their jobs and many smallbusiness owners will be hurt, people like Steve Wilburn. 
a former marine who was wounded in Vietnam; he owns a small business, and he is a Republican. Today, Steve runs a biomasstoenergy company, and thanks to the help of our ExIm Bank, he had a tentative $300 million deal with the Philippines; but they sent him a letter saying that, if the ExIm Bank goes under, so does his deal. Steve won’t get the contract, and instead, it will go to a South Korean firm using a South Korean export bank. 
friends on the right can explain to Steve and to his employees who are going to lose their jobs why this is a good thing. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today in support of Minnesota’s dairy industry and National 
In my home State, dairy is one of our 
largest agricultural products. We are one of the Nation’s top dairyproducing States, and Stearns County, in my district, is the top dairyproducing county in Minnesota. 
Dairy farming is more than a profession; it is a way of life for many Minnesota families. I have had the privilege of visiting dairy farms across my district and have seen firsthand the hard work these men and women do day in and day out. From waking up before sunrise to milk their cows, to breeding, to delivering and raising newborn calves, it is just another day at the office for these folks. 
I am proud of Minnesota’s dairy industry, and I hope that every American will take some time to grab an ice cream cone and appreciate the hard work that goes into making some of our Nation’s favorite food. 
(Mr. WALZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
my colleagues who have spoken before in support of the ExportImport Bank, which is an absolutely vital tool that helps businesses of all sizes compete in the world market. 
private sector lenders, but by partnering with them. The Bank fills gaps and provides loans to folks that the private sector is often unwilling or often unable to provide, and it costs the taxpayers nothing. In fact, since 1990, it has generated $7 billion in deficit reduction. 
The ExportImport Bank is overwhelmingly supported by Republicans and Democrats; business groups, like the Chamber of Commerce; and labor, like the AFL–CIO. Presidents Eisenhower, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, and Obama have all been on board. 
measure, right? I think we have all learned in this Congress that a small, vocal extremist minority can derail the most bipartisan measures. Unfortunately, this is exactly what is happening. 
allow that small, vocal extreme minority derail a very good program. That is not the way our government is supposed to work. 
Businesses like Davisco, Fastenal, and AGCO all rely on the Bank. The last thing they need is for Congress to get in the way and stop the growth, putting their prosperity at risk. 
for is a simple thing. Bring it to the floor, and let us vote. If it passes, America is better off. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize the University of Arkansas Razorback baseball team on their successful 2015 season. 
super regional play, they made it to the College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska. This was the Omahogs’ eighth trip to the College World Series and their fourth under the leadership of Coach Dave Van Horn. 
an end last week, they still have many reasons to be proud. On April 4 of this year, the team was idling with a .500 record, and postseason play seemed doubtful. They then embarked on one of the greatest turnarounds in the program’s history, winning 25 of their next 35 games to finish the season with an impressive 40–25 record. 
With their seemingly limitless enthusiasm and spirit, the Razorbacks represented themselves on the national stage with the determination and dedication that made all Arkansans and Arkansas alumni proud. 
(Mr. BERA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
day, I was out in my community and was introduced to a young man, Tyus Ashby, of Boy Scout Troop 447. 
and he discovered I was on the Space Subcommittee. He asked if he could write me a letter. It is one of the requirements to get a Boy Scout merit badge. The other day, my staff passed me Tyus’ letter, and I want to read from it. 
committee that looks into why we aren’t going to space right now. I hope you can convince them to try again. There is so much more for us to discover. I hope you tell the other people on the committee that kids like me hope they won’t let the space program end before we grow up and get to be part of it. We might be missing out on something really fun and important. 
explore. Let’s invest in the research that is going to take us to the next generation, to Mars, and all the technologies that come with it. Let’s not let Tyus’ generation down. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize June as Alzheimer’s Awareness Month. 
In 2014, approximately 270,000 Pennsylvania seniors were diagnosed and living with Alzheimer’s disease. Just a little over a decade from now, in 2025, this number is expected to jump by nearly 18 percent to 320,000. 
According to the Alzheimer’s Association, the disease is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States and is the only cause of death in the top 10 that cannot be prevented, cured, or slowed. 
As someone who watched his grandmother suffer and ultimately pass away from this horrible disease, I can say that is a startling trend that needs to be reversed starting now. That is why I am proud to have joined the Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease and committed to support greater coordination and cooperation among patients, caregivers, and healthcare providers. 
term health of those diagnosed, and increase our efforts on combating Alzheimer’s, preventing it, curing it, and slowing the disease. 
today to mark June as Immigrant Heritage Month. I am also proud to represent and support Representative LINDA SA´NCHEZ ’ House resolution to 
Heritage Month, we celebrate our country being fueled by immigrants from around the world and how America and her immigrants who have built our country are linked and share in a very productive history. 
serve in the military and our armed services, police forces, and all sorts of jobs around our country help add to the history that makes America great. Each weaves their own family’s unique experience into the American fabric and makes our country stronger. 
Immigrant Heritage Month, the universal American ethos of entrepreneurship, inclusion, strength, and resilience unifies all of us and resonates beyond the end of this month. Today and every day, I remain committed to fighting for immigrant families in my district and nationwide. 
today in strong support of the permanent reauthorization of the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund, an important program that benefits every American. 
utilize revenue from energy projects to fund important conservation efforts. In total, it has conserved approximately 7 million acres of land and water resources, including mountains, forest, waterways, nature trails, and other beautiful aspects of our natural environment. 
In New York’s 19th District, for example, several different projects have benefited, including the Rensselaer Plateau Alliance’s Community Forest and, potentially soon, a new improvement to the Appalachian Trail. 
expires in about 100 days, potentially jeopardizing important funding for many local communities, States, and private organizations. We simply can’t let that happen. We must permanently reauthorize this important program. 
today in support of affirming marriage equality and providing equal protection guarantees to LGBT Americans throughout our country. Mr. Speaker, the overwhelming majority of the American public supports marriage equality. They know that samesex couples should have access to dignity and security that only marriage can provide. 
In 37 States in our Nation, this is already a reality. Today, more than 70 percent of our population live in jurisdictions where they are free to marry whom they love. However, at this very moment, marriage discrimination is still openly practiced in 13 States, taking away the securities and protections, financial and otherwise, that many Americans have, but not our LGBT Americans. 
failure or prohibition to recognize and allow samesex couples to marry is discrimination. The fight for marriage equality for our LGBT brothers and sisters is one of the great civil rights battles of our lifetime, and it continues through our tireless efforts to achieve full equality under the law for all. 
marriage is an important step towards ending the discrimination that too many American families are suffering because of where they live and whom they love. Mr. Speaker, it is the year 2015. It is well past time we end the discrimination against our LGBT Americans. 
have felt the devastating effects of the President’s healthcare plan, also known as ObamaCare. One of its many harmful provisions is the jobkilling medical device tax, a $30 billion tax hike on medical device manufacturers that has crippled growth in this industry to pay for this flawed program. 
For this reason, I am proud to be an 
original cosponsor of H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act, which eliminates the 2.3 percent excise tax imposed on the sale of medical devices by ObamaCare and passed in the House on a bipartisan basis. 
As we continue working for full repeal of ObamaCare, this is a step in the right direction to eliminate this job killing provision in ObamaCare that hinders our economy and hurts patients’ access to quality care. 
Senate to quickly pass this legislation to spur innovation and bring down healthcare costs. 
today to recognize the victims of the tragic shooting last week in Charleston: Reverend Clementa Pinckney, Sharonda ColemanSingleton, Depayne MiddletonDoctor, Tywanza Sanders, Myra Thompson, Daniel Simmons, Susie Jackson, Ethel Lance, and Cynthia Hurd. My thoughts and prayers are with their families. 
for trying to lower the Confederate flag. It is the right thing to do. 
retiring a racist relic. We stop them by fixing our broken gun laws, gun laws that are failing to keep guns out of the hands of those who seek to do us harm. 
what has our response been? Silence: silence after Aurora, silence after Tucson, silence after Newtown, silence after daily acts of gun violence. 
accept all this mourning, all this heartbreak, and all this gun violence. And shame on this United States Congress if we remain silent after Charleston. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
job creation and the policies coming out of this administration continues to 
grow deeper. I have heard from countless farmers, manufacturers, businesses, and families who are concerned with the EPA’s overreach and what it means for them. 
In February, Administrator McCarthy asserted that no EPA rule has ever cost a single job. This is absolutely absurd and demonstrates a myopia that is absolutely stunning. 
EPA, in general—and this proposed rule, specifically—represents one of the greatest threats to the economic prosperity of this Nation. 
folks are just getting back on their feet. But with this proposed rule and many others, the EPA wants to rip the rug right out from under the American people. 
CO2power plant emissions by 21 percent, without Federal regulations. So for this and many reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the Ratepayer Protection Act. 
(Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is one of the things that is actually very difficult to explain to my constituents and to most people who don’t follow the ins and outs of Washington. 
I was at a plant in my district in 
northeast Philadelphia just 2 days ago, along with Senator CASEY . This company, Agusta Westland, does excellent work and employs Americans right there in Philadelphia and in Pennsylvania. It benefits from something called the ExportImport Bank, something that has existed for 81 years and has been supported by every single President, both Democrat and Republican. 
jobs a year, and just last year, created a $675 million surplus for the taxpayers. So we have a program that helps business, creates jobs, and actually gives to taxpayers rather than taking from them. So, of course, Congress is about to allow this program to expire. It makes absolutely no sense. 
House to listen to the will of the vast majority and not the very vocal extreme minority. Let us reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I believe that a prayer has been answered. 
On May 15, I took to this very podium and prayed for the people of Nepal. The prayer was that we would accord them temporary protected status if they were living in the United States. I am proud to say that Homeland Security has now issued a mandate for a 180day registration period, 18month temporary protected status. 
I am grateful to Congressman CROWLEYand Congresswoman M ENGfor the 
letter that they sent to Homeland Security making this request that I was proud to sign on to. 
the people of Nepal will have an opportunity to stay in this country and not go back to the devastation that they have suffered in Nepal as a result of the earthquakes that took place there. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today is Wear Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. 
using two girls as suicide bombers to kill 30 people in northern Nigeria reminds us yet again why we must act now. Please cosponsor House Resolution 147, as amended, to help the Nigerian Government bring back our girls and defeat Boko Haram. 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, and I will host a classified briefing from the State Department. I invite you to join in this briefing on the future of Nigeria. 
Camp Congress for Girls. Please join me on the Capitol steps after the first series of votes to take a group picture with these wonderful little girls. They are from all over the country. They are helping in the fight against Boko Haram, and they are in the gallery today. 
OF H.R. 2822, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2042, RATEPAYER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 26, 2015, THROUGH JULY 6, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 333 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate; and 
may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record designated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amendments so printed shall be considered as read. 
the bill back to the House with a recommendation that the bill do pass, the previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11420. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
period from June 26, 2015, through July 6, 2015— 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
Resolution 333 provides for a rule to consider important bills that deal with our environment: the first, H.R. 2822, the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2016; and the second, H.R. 2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015. Each bill will be provided the standard 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the majority and the minority. Further, on each bill, the minority is granted the standard motion to recommit, a chance to amend the legislation one final time prior to its passage. 
As with nearly all regular order appropriations bills that have come to the floor under the Republican leadership, the InteriorEPA bill will be considered under a modified open rule, allowing every Member of this body the opportunity to come to the floor and offer amendments to the bill that comply with the House budget rules. 
Act, is given a structured rule under the resolution before us today, with the Rules Committee making in order five of the eight amendments offered during consideration of the bill last evening. Of the amendments made in order, one is bipartisan, three were offered by Democrats, and one was offered by a Republican. 
H.R. 2822, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016, provides funding for both the Department of the Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency. This bill provides funding for many of the national parks and recreational facilities throughout the United States. The bill includes over $30 billion in base funding, decreasing the top line level by $246 million below fiscal year 2015 and cutting $3 billion from the President’s budget request. 
to rein in an outofcontrol Environmental Protection Agency that is moving at breakneck speed to regulate every aspect of our economy. Following the failure of the House and Senate Democrats to get the disastrous WaxmanMarkey capandtrade legislation to President Obama’s desk in 2009, Lisa Jackson and, now, Gina McCarthy, both administrators of the Environmental Protection Agency, have moved forward with regulatory regimes under the guise of the Clean Air Act to go around Congress to regulate carbon after the American people explicitly rose up and said do not do this. 
The Energy and Commerce Committee has held countless hearings and markups to address the outofcontrol efforts by the Environmental Protection Agency and has taken over the past few years to push President Obama’s harmful environmental policies onto a populace that has rejected those same policies at the ballot box. From carbon dioxide to ozone to every stream, puddle, ditch, pond in America, the Environmental Protection Agency 
control over every aspect of every life in America. 
an important step toward reining in such a powerhungry agency. The bill contains prohibitions on the Department of the Interior’s attempts to regulate hydraulic fracturing, a process that President Obama’s own Environmental Protection Agency recently stated has not resulted in any significant environmental or health harms. It includes a provision preventing the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing new ozone standards until at least 85 percent of the country is able to meet current standards, which would seem to be a reasonable request. It prohibits the Environmental Protection Agency from moving forward with new greenhouse gas regulations, regulations that the American people have never supported. And it prohibits the Environmental Protection Agency from moving forward with regulating every stream and pond in the country, an issue that the Supreme Court has rejected and that farmers and landowners all across America have risen up to oppose. 
this bill, passing the House Interior Appropriations bill will keep the Environmental Protection Agency from doing further damage to the United States economy than has already been done by this administration. Mr. Speaker, I will just point out, we were greeted with the news that in the first quarter of this year, the economy actually contracted by 0.2 percent. That is not the direction that we need to go. 
rule is H.R. 2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015, which does address the Environmental Protection Agency’s jobkilling carbon rules on existing power plants. The bill allows for judicial review of any final rule pertaining to greenhouse gas emissions before requiring compliance with such a rule and allows States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability. This seems like a reasonable ask, that the EPA’s own rule, which we know will be litigated anyway, not go into effect until the courts have had a final say on whether or not the Environmental Protection Agency actually followed the law. 
The Environmental Protection Agency’s proposed regulation on greenhouse gases, a regulation that the Democrats couldn’t achieve through legislation, places different limits on different States, allowing the Environmental 
Protection Agency to pick winners and losers in the carbon wars. 
strict guidelines that the Environmental Protection Agency sets out for its electricity market, then the EPA will force its own Federal plan on the State, driving up the cost to ratepayers exponentially. 
rule—just the rule, without any mention of the other disastrously expensive 
rules that it is currently proposing, such as the ozone regulations—suggest that the carbon rule for existing power plants will impose annual costs of $5.5 billion to $7.5 billion by 2020, and almost $9 billion by 2030. All of those costs will be passed on to every American who pays an electricity bill. 
Of course, as we have seen in previous rules, the Environmental Protection Agency consistently underestimates the cost of its rules to hide the ball from the American people about the true damage that is actually being proposed by the Agency. Outside estimates put the cost of this one regulation at upwards of well over $360 billion to almost $500 billion between 2017 and 2031. That level of harm to the United States economy is insane after seeing such a slow recovery under the current President, but it is exactly what Administrator Gina McCarthy is proposing. 
other stakeholders have submitted thousands of comments on this rule, explaining how difficult it will be to implement and prevent rates from increasing, but those pleas appear to have hit a dead end. The Environmental Protection Agency is moving forward with these rules, and this bill before us presents one of the great opportunities to slow them down before irreversible damage is done to the economy. 
forward with important legislation today to make the government more accountable. I look forward to both bills having a full debate on the House floor after the passage of today’s rule. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
will offer an amendment to the rule to allow for consideration of legislation that would reauthorize the ExportImport Bank for 7 years. The ExportImport Bank allows American businesses to compete in global markets and supports hundreds of thousands of jobs. 
the text of the amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
legislative day until the expiration of the ExportImport Bank’s authorization. We are going to get to talk about this EPA rule in a few minutes, but there are many Members on my side of the aisle who want to bring forward in the form of a previous question, the only procedural way that we can advance this important piece of legislation to the floor before the House goes home in July, to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
Reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank would strengthen our Nation’s economy. It would provide stability and certainty for American businesses. The ExportImport Bank assists tens of thousands of smalland mediumsized businesses throughout the country. In fact, nearly 90 percent of ExportImport’s transactions are with small businesses, and the Bank directly supports 164,000 private sector jobs at over 3,300 companies. 
visit from ExportImport Bank President Fred Hochberg, who came to my district to highlight the kinds of jobs and companies that ExportImport really benefits and discuss ways that it can work together with some of our local Colorado small businesses. Together, we visited Boulderbased Droplet Measurement Technologies, which was named the ExportImport Bank’s 2015 Small Business Exporter of the Year for its work in cloud and aerosol measurements. Roughly twothirds of this small company’s sales come from exports. 
growing business that ExportImport Bank supports—exportrelated jobs so important in today’s global economy— not just the brand names, not big companies, but the types of smalland mid sized firms that need and deserve our support to compete on the global market. 
FiberLok in Fort Collins is a specialtybased printing company in my district that provides heat transfer graphic products like computer mouses and drink coaster rugs. It is family owned with 70 employees, and about 40 percent of its business is international. They sell worldwide, including Germany, Mexico, and the U.K. In 2008, the company discovered ExportImport Bank through a direct mail campaign that targeted small businesses, and they have been using the small business multibuyer credit insurance since, and through that, with the help of that program, export sales have grown 15 to 20 percent, and the Bank has supported over 2.7 million of FiberLok’s exports. 
are some on the other side of the aisle that have a philosophical problem with the existence of the charter of the authorization for this Bank. If that is the case, surely unilateral disarmament is not the solution. Perhaps instruct our trade negotiators to remove backdoor subsidies at other exportimport banks that other nations have, but as long as these types of efforts are permitted under WTO and trade rules, and as long as other nations support the export economy in their countries through programs like the ExportImport Bank, why would we want to unilaterally disarm? It makes no sense and puts American businesses and American exporters at a disadvantage and would lead to the outsourcing of even more jobs overseas. 
Bank—which, incidentally, costs zero money to taxpayers—helps ensure that U.S. companies are competing on a level playing field. Canada, China, and Japan, over 60 other nations, have similar banks that extend even more export financing to their businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, there is strong, bipartisan support for the renewal of the Bank’s charter. I urge every Member who supports that to help defeat the previous question so we can offer our amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from the great State of California (Ms. MAXINE  
WATERS ), to discuss the previous question and the ExportImport Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Colorado, as well as Leader PELOSI and Whip H OYER , for 
continuing to fight for the survival of the ExportImport Bank. 
Congress to act before the ExIm Bank shuts down, I am shocked that my Republican colleagues are planning to leave town without even considering legislation to review its charter. Democrats will not sit idly by. That is why I rise today to urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question in order to force a vote on legislation sponsored by myself, Mr. HECK, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
HOYER , and nearly every other Democrat in this House to renew and reform the ExportImport Bank’s charter for the long term. 
Over the past 5 years, the ExportImport Bank has created or sustained an estimated 1.3 million jobs, and it has returned $6.9 billion to the American people over the past two decades. But next Tuesday, that record of success will be stopped in its tracks. The ExportImport Bank will stop creating jobs and supporting our small businesses. It will stop returning profits to the Treasury, and it will stop helping to make our businesses more competitive. 
China, Russia, and countless others that have their own version of the bank a significant victory—at the hands of American workers’ products and businesses. But we haven’t given up yet. Today we are giving the broad base of Democrats and Republicans who support the Bank an opportunity to cast a vote in favor of keeping this engine of job creation and economic growth alive. 
who support the Bank failed to stand up for its survival. But with just 1 more day for Congress to save the Bank from shutting down, I am afraid that those who claim to support the ExportImport Bank but refuse to stand up and do so do not truly support the Bank or the jobs it creates. Mr. Speaker, businesses need to know 
that our government will stand up for them, not work to undermine them. 
HOLDING ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to heed the advice of Ronald Reagan, George W. Bush, and Bill Clinton, all of whom supported the ExportImport Bank. 
Chair that the issue under consideration today before the House of Representatives is H. Res. 333, which provides for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; and further providing for the consideration of H.R. 2042, to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuelfired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability. 
time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
has just made an observation, that this resolution is about the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee Appropriations bill. I will tell Mr. Speaker, as you know—and the American people, I am sure, know— that that Agency is funded through September 30 of this year, which means we have months to go before it will run out of funds. 
course, as you know, is about a proposal, not a rule. It may be a rule at some point in time, but it is a proposal which has no absolute definite need to be done today or next week or next month. 
Import Bank, if we do not act by tomorrow, loses its authority to loan money or to support—not to loan money, but to support the selling of goods from America by American workers to those abroad. 
which was about jobs and whether or not it was going to undermine jobs in America. Now, my previous colleague, Ms. WATERS , mentioned President 
Reagan, she mentioned President Bush, and she mentioned President Clinton. But the person who says we are going 
to lose jobs if we don’t pass the Export Import Bank is the Speaker of this 
Ohio. He says, if we don’t pass this, we are immediately going to start losing jobs—JOHN BOEHNER , Speaker of the 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the ExportImport Bank from shutting down. 
Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I do not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
will just remind the House that what is under consideration is a rule resolution, H. Res. 333, for consideration of the appropriations bill for the Department of the Interior and H.R. 2042 to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), a champion of reauthorizing the 
ExportImport Bank for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031, which is within its power to do—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the shutting down of the ExportImport Bank. 
gentleman from Texas yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
reiterate my earlier announcement that all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only, and I do not yield time for any other purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) for the purpose of a unanimous 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the ExportImport Bank from being shut down. 
Chair understands that the gentleman from Texas does not yield for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the ExportImport Bank from shutting down. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues, and I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the ExportImport Bank from shutting down. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) for the purpose of a unanimous 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the ExportImport Bank from shutting down. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect hundreds of thousands of American jobs by preventing the shutdown of the ExIm Bank. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ), the ranking member 
of the Committee on Financial Services, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the ExportImport Bank from shutting down. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) for the purpose of a 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as you might be able to predict, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill that would protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the shutdown of the ExportImport Bank. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, we were 
accepted. But, Mr. Speaker, I yield to another Member of Congress from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ), a leader in the 
fight to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the ExportImport Bank from shutting down. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), the ranking member of 
the Committee on Rules, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1031—a bill to protect thousands of American jobs by preventing the ExportImport Bank from shutting down. It is most important in my district. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As previously announced, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
the issue under consideration on the House floor today is to consider H. Res. 333, to provide for consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment and related agencies, and to provide for consideration of the bill, H.R. 2042, to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), a leader in the effort to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I am going to get an enormous frustration off my chest today, the obsessivecompulsive focus of this Chamber on the Ts: trade, trade promotion authority, TransPacific Partnership, and trade adjustment authority. This view that we can distill our entire Nation’s future trading prospects to one trade agreement or the TPA leading up to it is wrongheaded, it is myopic, and it does not serve our selfinterest. The fact of the matter is, in order for us to be successful in a global economy, we must be much more complex and nuanced in our view. 
twothirds of the money generated by the harbor maintenance tax, which is generated by trade, on improving the ports so that we can have more trade. Where is that issue? 
years hanging loose the reform. We are Nero; Rome is burning. No reforms to 
the IMF—and what is the consequence? This is real. This isn’t abstract. I didn’t make this up. China forms the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank; Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa form the BRICS Bank—all of this while we sit and watch Rome burn. 
deficitcutting, jobcreating machine— $6 billion to reduce our deficit, 164,000 thousand jobs in the country just last year. Ninetyfive percent, as has so often been said, of the world’s population lives outside the borders of the great country of the United States of America. 
we are going to have to learn how to sell into their middle class and engage in global trade, but it is more complex than just one trade agreement or IMF or what we do with the infrastructure investment. It is all of these things. 
Yes, at the top of that list, the ExportImport Bank, a deficitcutting, jobcreating machine, we need to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank—1 day left—because the layoff notices are going out next week. 
value more than anything in life, save their family; and that is the opportunity to be selfsufficient and provide for themselves. 
vote against the previous question, bring up H.R. 1031, reauthorize the ExportImport Bank in the name of cutting deficits and creating jobs. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
heard what we will bring up if we defeat the previous question. You will now hear what this body under this rule has chosen to consider instead—a bill that, as Mr. HOYER said, could be 
done any time and a bill that is bad. 
the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ), the distinguished member of 
disaster, not only because it would continue the pattern of underfunding core Department of Interior programs and ignoring climate change, but also because it is littered with partisan legislative riders that don’t belong in an appropriations bill. 
the bill, and even includes waivers to protect these illegitimate riders. Republicans make the rules, but through this appropriations bill, they seek to break their own rules and sneak significant legislative changes into this spending bill. 
would make species extinction more likely, close the courthouse door to American citizens, and grease the wheels for Big Business to make private profits from public resources. 
are terrible ideas that should be considered in the Natural Resources Committee, not snuck into an Interior spending bill. 
ranking member of the Natural Resources Committee, and I would tell my colleagues: we have hearing rooms and a full staff, and if you support delisting endangered species or prohibiting judicial review of resource decisions or giving away public resources to wealthy companies, you should put your name on a bill and come over to 1324 in the Longworth Building for a hearing. 
While I cannot speak for the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee, as ranking member, I cannot agree to cede jurisdiction over management of our Federal natural resources to appropriators, and I cannot support a rule designed to allow it. 
science indicates otherwise, section 121 of the underlying bill would direct the Secretary to reissue two final rules removing wolves in Wyoming and the Great Lakes from the endangered species list. 
difficult to protect the habitat of the threatened northern longeared bat. We aren’t the experts. We should not interfere with the species listing and recovery processes at all, let alone interfere through an appropriations bill where the merits of such proposals cannot be given any appropriate consideration. This is why the House rules prohibit these riders, and this rule should not protect them. 
Fish and Wildlife Service from cracking down on illegal ivory trade within the U.S. Poaching of elephants and trafficking of illegal ivory is currently at an alltime 25year high here in the U.S., and the U.S. is one of the major markets for the sale of illegal ivory. 
would restrict our ability to regulate the trade of elephant ivory in the U.S. and will directly contribute to elephant slaughter. House rules prohibit these kinds of sneaky, partisan riders in spending bills for a good reason, and we should not adopt a rule to protect these provisions. 
they can only be passed by waiving House rules, they shouldn’t be passed at all. 
considered in the authorizing committee, not in an appropriations bill and not in this rule. 
Mr. Speaker, I would remind the gentleman from Arizona that this appropriations bill is coming to the floor, as has been the custom during the Republican majority, under a modified open rule, which means that any Member is able to bring an amendment to the floor of the House and have it heard. This, of course, includes limitation 
amendments that would be heard at the end of the reading of the bill that would allow for the striking of any of the provisions that he finds objectionable. Then all that is necessary for the gentleman to do is to convince 218 Members of this body to vote with him on an amendment, and he will be able to accomplish his heart’s desire. 
A modified open rule is a good process, and it does allow the will of the House to be heard on this bill. I look forward to us affirming the previous question, passing the rule to allow the bill to be heard, and then we can get on to the business at hand. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the gentleman from Texas is that the base bill is so bad, it could take this body weeks or months to fix it. Meanwhile, we are 1 day away from the ExportImport Bank’s reauthorization. 
we are happy to begin the work of trying to fix this terrible bill. Although, again, it might be more productive just to defeat it, send it back to Appropriations, and have them come up with a better base bill. 
the gentleman for yielding. As he points out, we are 1 legislative day away from the end of the authorization of the ExIm Bank. 
American businesses are already losing contracts as foreign companies must decide whether to structure themselves around American equipment or whether to buy equipment from another source. That foreign source offers stable export promotion authority financing provided by the governments of Germany, Japan, China, et cetera; whereas, we dawdle here. 
The purpose of a rule is to decide how 
the House will devote its time here on the floor. The most pressing matter before us is the ExportImport Bank. That is why we should defeat the rule and focus the House on the most pressing matter, and we should allow the House to work its will. A majority of this body wants to reauthorize the Ex Im Bank, but instead, we are being held hostage by a group inside only one of the two caucuses. 
McGovern. I am proud of that. We were accused of unilateral disarmament being our platform. This is a platform for unilateral disarmament because this is a platform that says Germany, Japan, and China will provide concessionary financing to push their exports, and we will be disarmed in the world of business. 
money. The CBO concludes that; generally accepted accounting principles conclude that. The enemies of the Bank have concocted a fantasy accounting system, and only under that system, used nowhere else, is there any argument that the ExportImport Bank does not make money. 
American jobs at stake. They should not be sacrificed on the alter of a new religion. Ayn Rand is not a deity; ‘‘Fountainhead’’ is not Holy Scripture, and we need to make practical decisions in the real world where we face real competition from real competitors. 
That is why we need to focus the attention of this House on today’s most pressing issue, the reauthorization of ExIm Bank. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
in the effort to reauthorize the Export Import Bank. 
selfsustaining executive branch agency with one mission, to foster American job growth by helping American companies with the tools they need to compete in the global marketplace. 
the business community the certainty it needs to compete in overseas markets and grow jobs at home. 
Bank and its reauthorization? In my district alone, in the month of May, the ExIm Bank provided $3.8 million worth of Nebraska’s export goods into the global marketplace, companies as large as Valmont Industries, one of the largest manufacturers of center pivot irrigation systems in the world, and companies as small as Volcanic Peppers, that in a small kitchen produced hot sauce that is exported to Australia. 
supported approximately $107 million in Nebraska exports, 49 percent of which went to Nebraska small businesses. 
$230 million in exports from 52 Iowa companies and $550 million in exports from 39 Nebraska companies. This translates into American private sector jobs in every district of this country. 
to level the playing field for both large and small businesses who export products abroad. 
Simply put, there is no rational reason, Mr. Speaker, for allowing American products and American goods to have a disadvantage in the global marketplace. 
Bank immediately, and I am committed to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make this happen. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
we would like to do, what Democrats would like to do, like the probusiness Members of this House would try to do, we want to, with 1 legislative day left, bring forward a reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank for the reasons that have been made abundantly clear by my Democratic colleagues and I know an idea that is shared by many, perhaps less outspoken, Members on your side of the aisle who also support reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank. 
the previous question, that is exactly what we will bring forward, a 7year authorization that I believe will pass this body. 
is choosing to do instead under these rules—two bills that are not urgent, are not timely, both of which would need Presidential vetoes: the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015, which I will talk about, which, again, will go nowhere, even if it gets out of both chambers, will get a Presidential veto and won’t have twothirds in this body to override; and Interior Appropriations, which needs to be done, but could be done next week, while we are up against a deadline of the expiration of the ExportImport Bank. 
The Ratepayer Protection Act pertains to the recently proposed clean power plan, which establishes emission guidelines for States to follow in developing plans to control carbon pollution from existing coal and natural gas fired power plants. 
Like so many Presidential initiatives, it stems out of the President’s legitimate authority to act in areas under his statutory authority when this body fails to act. 
existing executive powers on immigration. I applaud the President for using his existing executive powers for a clean power plan to work with the States and the EPA. 
suspend the implementation of the clean power plan and extend all compliance and submission deadlines until a judicial review can be completed, already in process. 
very clear, that there is no existent rule and that the proposed clean power plan is a proposal. Let’s give the executive branch the opportunity to at least come forward with a final proposal before this body decides that it somehow wants to invalidate that very proposal. 
many folks in my district, and there are issues that need to be worked out to make this regulation feasible. I have talked to and heard from rural electric utilities and from many others, and we all want to make sure that ratepayers 
are not detrimentally impacted, but the answer is not to cut the process short. 
working with the EPA through a public input process, which includes rural electric utilities and others, an unprecedented reach of outreach opportunities that the EPA is doing, including in my district. 
amend this proposed rule to make it work better. If a majority of this body doesn’t like the final result, then it is time to talk about how we want to amend it and how this body would rather deal with emissions and carbon reduction. 
There are plenty of other opportunities. Several years ago, this body considered a capandtrade program. I am a cosponsor of a bill with Mr. DELANEY  
that would implement a carbon tax and would use the income from that to reduce the corporate tax rate and reduce the tax burden on American businesses. 
there, but let’s at least see what the administration and the EPA come up with and then respond to its final proposal with meaningful legislation to address our carbon emissions. 
Passing this bill now would prematurely undermine the EPA’s collaborative effort, instead of encouraging them to involve multiple stakeholders in reducing carbon emissions. Under current law, the EPA is required to develop and implement a Federal plan for any State that fails to submit its own State plan. 
bill would overturn that existing requirement in the Clean Air Act as it pertains to the clean power plan, which means the State would find itself in a place in which, if it fails to utilize the flexibility this rule provides, it might have a plan that they have not been part of forming. 
position that not only disregards science but that runs in opposition to business, to the religious community, and to our national and global security. Congress can constructively weigh in on reducing carbon emissions, and I encourage this body to do so. 
that would provide a statutory mechanism to reduce our carbon emissions. Instead of going that route, this body is saying that we don’t even want to see what the President comes up with or what the EPA comes up with. We want to invalidate it before they even finalize it. We want to invalidate the hard work of listening to rural electric utilities; of listening to ratepayer groups; and, instead, throw it all out because, somehow, politicians in Washington know better. That is simply not the right answer, and the American people will not stand for it. 
the Republicans are bringing forth under this rule instead of reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank—the Interior, 
about what is good in a bill. I do want to commend the chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee for including the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program, or PILT. 
is 62 percent owned by the Federal Government and, therefore, untaxable by our local taxing jurisdictions, I know how important it is to ensure the sustainability of our county programs, particularly those that affect our Federal lands; but much of the remainder of the bill and the reasoning for my opposition to it is the drastic approach it takes to nearly every other environmental, energy, and animal welfare issue facing our Nation. 
The bill fails to deal with the issue of 
fire sharing, which is a mechanism utilized that takes money from the Forest Service and gives it to emergency response systems in the wake of wildfires. This limits the Forest Service’s resources and capabilities that could be used for the protection of the watershed and for the insurance of access and accountability of maintenance on Forest Service lands, especially those like some in my district that are affected by forest fires. 
the Bureau of Land Management, funding the continuation and expansion of oil and gas permitting when it doesn’t facilitate the zoning of solar or wind projects as my bipartisan bill with Mr. GOSAR would do. 
backlog of over $11 billion, is drastically cut under this bill. The bill also fails to address the fact that offshore oil and gas operations require an inspection fee while onshore wells do not. 
expiration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which helps American citizens, businesses, homeowners, and communities protect important lands and resources. 
pointed out, a number of policy riders, any one of which would be grounds for a veto by the President of the United States. It fails to adequately fund the Environmental Protection Agency, and it circumvents its ability to enforce and ensure protections granted to critical species under the Endangered Species Act. 
This bill needs a lot of work. I suggest we reject it, send it back to the Appropriations Committee, and let them come up with a more meaningful effort to fund our Department of the Interior, a goal that all of us share. 
the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015, a bill that seeks to proactively invalidate the process of listening, as the Environmental Protection Agency has done, to many stakeholders across my district and across this country. 
colleagues to defeat the previous question so that, with 1 day remaining, we can move to reauthorize the Export Import Bank, protect over 130,000 American jobs, help American small businesses compete in an increasingly global economy, and grow our export related economy in Colorado and across the Nation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I 
It was 6 years ago this week. I don’t 
know if many people remember the activities on the House floor 6 years ago this week, but in June of 2009, right before we left for the July 4 recess, the thenSpeaker of the House, NANCY  
It was the capandtrade bill. The bill had come through our Committee on Energy and Commerce. I thought it was a dead duck when it left there, but that bill was pushed through to the 
need to remind you that, in 2009, right after the 2008 election, the Republicans were deeply in the minority. People talked about the fact that the Republicans were so far in the minority that 40 years in the wilderness actually sounded like the best case scenario for House Republicans; but something happened, and it began in that last week of June 2009. 
change in the House majority to the President’s healthcare law—and, indeed, it was illadvised; and, indeed, it did upset a lot of people very quickly— but prior to that, even before we began having the big debates on the Affordable Care Act—the big debates on what became ObamaCare—the thenSpeaker of the House brought to the floor of this House WaxmanMarkey. 
WaxmanMarkey, we started to get phone calls. People said: ‘‘I can’t sell my house unless the Department of Energy certifies it as reaching certain levels of energy efficiency. How am I supposed to be able to do that? That is 
not a free society. That is not a free country when I am prohibited from selling the one possession that I had used to accumulate dollars in my estate over my entire life, and I can’t sell it without permission from the Department of Energy.’’ 
questions about what this capand trade bill will do. 
you that there are times in this body when there is one of those moments when the incandescent lightbulb goes off. One of those was last night. We were sitting in the Rules Committee, and we were hearing testimony from two Members from Kentucky, one in the majority and one in the minority. The one in the majority is bringing 
the bill that we have before us, H.R. 2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act. Mr. WHITFIELD of Kentucky was explaining 
what the bill would do and the protections the bill would provide. The other Member from Kentucky, a member of the minority, said, because of the failure of the legislative process, the President was required to act, and this is part of the President’s Climate Action Plan. 
What the H? A failure of the legislative process? 
the legislative process functioned as intended when Speaker PELOSI brought 
WaxmanMarkey to the floor of this House and this House passed that bill. We went back to our districts that weekend, and I will tell you what we caught. 
know what’’ because people were so incensed at the freedoms that Waxman Markey and the capandtrade program would take away from them. 
it was a failure of the legislative process and that the President had to act, it was exactly the performance of the legislative process that delivered us from a very bad proposition. 
the country was in such a convulsion about what the House had done, the visceral and immediate reaction of the people of the United States was: ‘‘Hold the phone; we don’t want what they are doing.’’ 
in passing a capandtrade bill—you had Senators who thought capand trade was the beall and endall, and that was the reason they were in the United States Senate—didn’t bring it up. It never came up for a vote. 
Democrats had—I don’t remember what—a 55seat majority on us here in the House of Representatives and a 60 vote—filibusterproof—majority over in the Senate, and they couldn’t get this done. They couldn’t get this done because the people said: ‘‘No. No. Don’t do this to me.’’ 
Senate said, ‘‘I haven’t got the courage to do this right before the 2010 election,’’ and the proposition died at the end of the session that concluded on December 31, 2010. I would just submit that that is a good thing. 
Here we have before us a bill today to 
provide, in some measure, some of the protections about things that people were worried about 6 years ago, but it is precisely because we were where we were 6 years ago that we are now considering a bill that will hold back some of the rulemaking authority from the Environmental Protection Agency. 
we are providing for the consideration of two important bills, bills that prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from doing irreversible damage to our economy through dozens of ill advised regulations that Administrator 
McCarthy is looking to push on the American people before President Obama leaves the White House in January 2017. 
one of the most egregious agencies in the administration, and I look forward to a full debate for that reason. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 333 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. 
Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Wednesday, June 24th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall No. 379. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 333—Rule providing for consideration of both H.R. 2042— Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015 and H.R. 2822—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. BARTON was allowed to speak out of order.) 
with an extremely heavy heart to, once again, have to congratulate my good friend MIKEDOYLE , the manager of the 
Democratic baseball team, for another victory. It is sad, but true. Sad, but true. 
Democrats played the Annual Congressional Baseball Game. It was a spirited 
game, but for the seventh year in a row, Mr. DOYLE ’s team won. I don’t 
Carolina, pitched a good game. He struck out CEDRIC RICHMOND , which I 
We had new blood: Mr. C OSTELLO , Mr. 
I will say that it was a pretty low 
blow to have the President of the United States come and interrupt the game, take away our momentum right when we had a big rally. 
team, but I do want to congratulate MIKEDOYLE and the Democrats. 
I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D OYLE ). 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. First off, I want to thank my good friend, JOEBARTON . JOE, you 
know, you used the tools that are at your disposal. 
This was a great game. It was good. I 
think all the fans were treated to a very competitive game this year. We had almost 10,000 people attend the game this year. 
are our charities. This game helps raise money for the Washington Boys & Girls Clubs, the Washington Literacy Council, and the Nationals Dream Foundation. I am happy to report, after expenses, we were able to write checks in excess of $100,000 to each of the three charities. So those are the big winners of the game. 
last 3 years that we have played this game, our team has made only one error. We made that this game, but I think the difference in the score was that we made the plays in the field. 
that knuckle ball and some of those curves. He kept us off balance, and he pitched a brilliant game. I believe you guys actually had one more hit than we did. You had six and we had five. 
shoulder surgery, pitched a gutsy game for seven innings. And I should also mention that, after striking out, he hit a double over the center fielder’s head, just to throw that in. 
our first baseman, made some unbelievable plays at first base that, I think, saved the game for us. 
on, she gets a hit. So those three individuals share our team MVPs. 
Also, there are lots of ways to contribute, and ERICSWALWELL stole three 
bases for us and scored. He did it all on the base pads, and he deserves some notice for that, too. 
JOE, I just want to say it was a great 
game. I want to thank you for how hard your team fought, and we look forward to a competitive game next year. 
shoe will be on the other foot. But for the past 7 years, we are kind of enjoying this. So God bless. 
want to thank leadership on both sides: our Speaker, JOHNBOEHNER ; our majority leader, K EVIN MCCARTHY ; and our 
whip, S TEVE SCALISE , who played in the 
game. On their side, Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. 
HOYER , and Mr. C LYBURN were all there. So both leadership supported the 
It was a good game. We did raise a lot 
But I will put you on notice, M IKE 
DOYLE , the shoe is going to be on the 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Talk is cheap, J OE. Bring it on. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 244, noes 178, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wednesday, June 24th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 380. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 333—Rule providing for consideration of both H.R. 2042—Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015 and H.R. 2822—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 2042. 
of Texas). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2042. 
from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2042) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuelfired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability, with Mr. DUNCAN  
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Unfortunately, the Obama administration has made a decision that they are not going to work with Congress, and in order to accomplish his public policy goals, he has indicated that he is going to use executive orders and regulations. 
on power plants. That is why it is called the existing coal plant rule. But 
because of this regulation, once it becomes final, it is only the first step in the administration’s plan to regulate other areas of our economy, including sources such as refineries, industrial boilers, cement plants, pulp and paper mills, and steel mills. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power has held five hearings on the proposed rule, where we heard from EPA, FERC, entities within the States, legal experts, and industry stakeholders and manufacturers. 
Congress, she always says that this proposed rule gives maximum flexibility to the States, but what she does not say is that EPA, and EPA alone, sets the emissions standard for every State, and there is no flexibility in that. 
Laurence Tribe, who taught President Obama constitutional law at Harvard, testified at one of the hearings that ‘‘EPA’s proposal raises grave constitutional questions, exceeds EPA’s statutory authority, and violates the Clean Air Act.’’ 
The hearings also identified implementation challenges, risks to electric reliability, and significantly higher energy costs under the rule. 
Trisko estimated that, for 31 geographically diverse States, electricity rates under the rule could increase by an average of 15 percent, with peak year increases of 22 percent during the period 2017–2031. 
State officials also appeared, expressing the same concerns. And I might say, this rule is so complicated that, generally, EPA allows States 3 years to develop their State implementation plans. But under this proposed rule, which we know will be final soon, they are giving States 16 months, which is going to be extremely difficult for them to meet. 
So the States are not only filing lawsuits, as are other entities, to try to slow this process down, but they are coming to Congress and saying, you know, Congress didn’t pass this regulation, Congress has not asked for this, but the administration, unilaterally, is imposing it upon the American people, and so they are asking us to give them some more time. 
that. It does two things: One, it delays the time for the States to submit their implementation plans until after the courts have rendered a decision on whether or not the rule is legal. And then, if it is found to be legal, the State Governors have an option, after consulting with their economic development people, the EPA people, the Attorney General, and other authorities in the States. They have the option, if they find that it significantly and adversely affects their electricity prices and the reliability of electricity, they can opt out of the program. b1430 
States more time. We are not repealing this power grab of a regulation, but simply responding to requests from the States and other entities. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
this time, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). 
original cosponsor of the Ratepayer Protection Act, and I want to commend Representative EDWHITFIELD for 
We all agree that it is vital that we 
protect our environment today and for future generations. At the same time, though, we must ensure that we are acting within the law, as well as safeguarding American jobs and the economy. 
I have serious concerns that the Environmental Protection Agency’s proposed clean power rule will be a vast and unprecedented regulatory overreach, resulting in high energy costs; loss of jobs; and a disruption in the states’ ability to generate, transmit, distribute, and use electricity. 
than the renowned Harvard Law School professor Laurence Tribe has testified that ‘‘the EPA lacks the statutory and constitutional authority to adopt its plan.’’ He described the proposed clean power plan as a ‘‘power grab’’ from the three branches of government. 
I am especially concerned, Mr. Chairman, about the impact that the EPA’s proposed rule will have on Georgia ratepayers. The State of Georgia already has reduced CO2emissions by 33 
percent between 2005 and 2012 but will have no credit for these reductions. Under the proposed regulation, Georgia would be required to reduce emissions by an additional 44 percent, the sixth largest reduction of any State. 
Georgia also will receive no credit towards achieving EPA’s mandated State goal for the two nuclear plants that are being constructed. 
Georgia Power, MEAG, and the Electric Membership Corporation would face hundreds of dollars in higher energy bills, which would be especially devastating to rural households in the Second Congressional District, which I represent. 
commonsense approach that the issue that allows for the completion of judicial review before States are required to comply with the clean power plan. 
In addition, the Ratepayer Protection Act provides for a safe harbor if a Governor determines that the proposed rule’s implementation will have an adverse impact on ratepayers or on the reliability of this electrical system. 
bill to ensure that ratepayers as well as our Nation’s economy are protected from an overzealous EPA. 
myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to this legislation. 
The bill before us is dangerous, unnecessary, and premature. It undermines the cornerstone of the administration’s plan to tackle unchecked climate change, and the President has made clear that he will veto this legislation. 
amending the Toxic Substances Control Act. That is the type of legislation that we should be spending our time on, not messaging bills aimed at gutting draft EPA rules. 
continues to reshape our world. According to NOAA, 2014 was the warmest year ever recorded, and 9 of the 10 hottest years have occurred since 2000, and that trend shows no sign of slowing down. 
We know this warming is due to carbon pollution from fossil fuels accumulating in the atmosphere, trapping more heat, and changing our climate. 
worldwide moral obligation to address climate change. This week, EPA released a report which confirms what many in the country are already experiencing, that failing to address climate change will have enormous financial costs. 
of fighting wildfires, the mounting costs to farmers of losing their crops and cattle to more frequent and severe droughts, the enormous costs of rebuilding infrastructure swept away by more intense storms or threatened by steadily rising seas. 
them go away; and the longer we wait to act, the more we allow the risks to compound and accumulate, the more costly it will be to solve the problem. 
change impacts dwarf any projected shortterm costs associated with transitioning to a clean energy economy, which is happening already. 
workable plan to reduce emissions of carbon pollution from power plants, which are the largest uncontrolled source of manmade greenhouse gases in the United States. 
to cleaner air, better health, a safer climate, and a stronger economy. The proposed rule also gives States a lot of flexibility to choose how to achieve their emission reduction goals, which are State specific and cost effective. This is a moderate and reasonable approach and falls well within the legal authority and responsibility of the EPA to address carbon pollution from power plants. 
would dismiss all of this progress and would cripple the efforts of the EPA to move forward in the fight against climate change. Effectively, this bill would amend the Clean Air Act in a harmful and dangerous fashion. 
This bill establishes an unprecedented extension for every clean power plan deadline until all litigation is concluded. This blanket extension would be given to all polluters, incentivizing opponents of the rule to run the clock on frivolous litigation, simply to put off having to reduce their carbon emissions. 
say: ‘‘The requirements of the clean power plan don’t apply to me.’’ Under the bill, a Governor can opt out of a Federal plan, giving certain States a free ride to pollute without any consequences. It is one thing to encourage States to just say no, but to let a Governor declare that his State is not subject to the Federal Clean Air Act at all? Mr. Chairman, I think that just goes too far. 
clean power plan is both modest and flexible and will help us tackle our urgent need to reduce our carbon emissions. Just saying no, as this bill would have us do, and condemning future generations is simply not an option. I strongly oppose the bill and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). 
rise to support the Ratepayer Protection Act, which is a critical piece of 
legislation that helps protect our Nation’s consumers and businesses from skyrocketing electricity costs. 
set of regulations on existing power plants which will dramatically effect our economy if implemented. 
doing its best to convince the American people that these new standards would achieve great progress for our Nation, calling the proposal the clean power plan. Despite the illusions of good intentions, the devil is in the details of this proposed rule. 
want us to know is that these standards would wreak havoc on our economy and inflict enormous costs on the American consumer. According to the National Economic Research Associates, these regulations would increase electricity prices in my home State of Georgia by 12 percent. 
any State, it is especially alarming for me, given that Georgia already has the tenth highest average electricity bill in the Nation. 
Mr. Chairman, right now, the temperature in my State is 95 degrees. My constituents depend on affordable electricity to stay cool all summer long, and the administration’s assault on our Nation’s power plants is totally unacceptable. 
household already spends about $15,000 a year to comply with Federal regulations. It has been radical proposals like these which have caused our economy to stagnate throughout this administration. 
will cost our economy more than $7 billion a year by the year 2030. Washington bureaucrats may be able to afford this assault on our economy, but my constituents cannot. 
The EPA also promotes these regulations with a promise that they would cut 30 percent of carbon pollution by the year 2030. The inconvenient truth is my State has already reduced its carbon emissions by 33 percent from 2005 to 2012. 
these unrealistic regulations when Georgia and other States have already dramatically reduced their pollution levels? 
H.R. 2042, would halt the rule’s compliance deadlines until litigation on the rule has been completed. This bill would also allow the Governor of any State to opt out of the rule’s requirements if their State’s electricity rates would increase significantly, as they 
This commonsense piece of legislation would help to bring the U.S. environmental policy back into the real world and allow us to remain economically competitive. 
5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), the ranking member 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ), the fine ranking member of the 
Mr. Chair, I applaud the Obama administration for its veto threat of this abhorrent legislation that we are now considering, this just say no bill, which would effectively give Governors the power to sabotage EPA’s proposed clean power plan by allowing them to opt out of the Federal requirements of the plan based on arbitrary and ambiguous determinations. 
clean power plan will allow the EPA to cut common pollution from some of the Nation’s oldest, dirtiest, and most inefficient power plants. 
power plants account for the largest share of greenhouse gases from stationary sources in the country, and they are responsible for about one third of the total U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. 
Federal limits on the amount of carbon pollution that these very same power plants are allowed to emit. The clean power plan would decrease power sector carbon emissions by 30 percent from 2005 levels by the year 2030. 
However, Mr. Chair, this bill is an attempt to abort EPA’s efforts before 
hold, despite the fact that the clean power plan gives States great flexibility when implementing the rule, based on their existing utility infrastructure and policies. 
plan could not be more timely, as we are experiencing more and more frequent extreme weather events due to climate change, with disastrous effects being felt in our economy and in our communities all across our Nation. 
been safe from the impacts of climate change, with nearly annual record wildfires and heat waves in the West and the Southwest, perennial flooding along the coasts, and damaging and costly droughts and crop loss in the Plains and the Midwestern portions of our Nation. 
clean power plan would help to reduce carbon pollution by hundreds of millions of tons, decreasing particle pollution, such as sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides by hundreds of thousands of tons annually. 
power plan would help protect the health of our most vulnerable citizens, our children, older Americans, and low income and minority communities. 
Mr. Chair, not only do the vast majority of the American people believe that climate change is a serious problem and that the government—our government, this Federal Government, we in this Congress—should take action to address it and take it now, but also, the overwhelming majority of our Nation’s doctors believe so, also. 
Earlier this year, the American Thoracic Society found that, by a huge margin, most doctors believe that climate change is already negatively impacting their patients’ health. 
Fully 77 percent of responding doctors reported that increases in air pollution caused by climate change is making their patients’ illnesses even more severe, a trend, I might add, Mr. Chairman, that they expect will steadily increase in the future. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, these findings are in line with a similar study conducted by the National Medical Association last year which found that older Americans, lowincome communities, and the sick will all be disproportionately impacted by climate change if we fail to act. 
Mr. Chairman, this is not just a political issue. This is not just a partisan issue. This is also a moral issue. Just last week, in a landmark encyclical, Pope Francis himself warned of the grave implications of climate change when he stated: 
grave implications: environmental, social, economic, political, and for the distribution 
of goods. It represents one of the principal challenges facing humanity in our day. 
so that, in the next few years, the emission of carbon dioxide and other highly polluting gases can be drastically reduced. 
Chairman, to heed the warning of our scientists, of our doctors, and one of the world’s foremost moral authorities, the Pope himself. 
that, obviously, you can’t have a discussion about this regulation without climate change, and frequently, we hear that climate change is responsible for every extreme weather condition. 
I would point out that The Economist magazine, in its May 5 issue, stated that it is impossible to say categorically that climate change has caused any individual storm, flood, drought, heat wave, tornado, or hurricane. Scientists agree that it is impossible to say that. 
one other comment. The President of the United States believes that climate change is the number one issue facing mankind. 
has been changing since the beginning of time, but where we fundamentally disagree with the President is we think there are other, more pressing issues dealing with poverty, creating jobs, economic growth, access to clean water, access to health care, and fighting diseases like pancreatic cancer. We think those are more urgent. 
But this President has got 61 individual government programs and is spending $23 billion a year on climate change in addition to trying to push regulations like this without any involvement of Congress. 
the distinguished gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), a member 
for yielding and for your leadership on this issue. Let me pick up where the gentleman left off relating to the comments made by the opposition to climate change’s role in extreme weather conditions. 
there was a weather condition that many people out here refer to as the polar vortex; in North Dakota, we call that winter, but I think what a lot of people don’t know is that, during that cold snap, they don’t know how very susceptible and fragile our system of transmitting and distributing electricity was, largely because we don’t have the base load generation that we once had largely because of this attack on base load fuels like coal, and that is really what we are talking about. 
to coming to Congress as one of those energy regulators, one of those people in the State agency the Governor 
would consult as per this law, the Governor would consult before determining whether they should opt out of the clean power plan. 
sure North Dakotans had reliable electricity, that a grid system and a distribution system was reliable and could deliver on a regular basis, as needed, electricity and that the rates remained as they are still today in North Dakota, among the very lowest in this country. 
I also had regulation over the coal industry. I am also very proud of the fact that, while North Dakota is a major coalproducing State that generates over 4,000 megawatts of electricity at the mine mouth and distributes it throughout a robust transmission and distribution system that generates lots of lowcost electricity, it also creates lots and lots of goodpaying, important jobs. 
The chairman also in response referenced the importance that Republicans are placing on other things besides climate change, things like job creation. Well, the clean power plan is a jobs killer, and it makes us less competitive in the global marketplace. 
It is really, in many respects, a unilateral disarmament of the American economy at a time when the only really great thing going on in the American economy is energy development. 
exactly against the one robust and positive in the American economy, and that is energy development. 
Let’s get back to the issue of the constitutionality, the judicial question. Our bill simply provides an opportunity for a judicial review, something that the President and the EPA should have done before doing this rule, finishing this rule, and putting this rule out. 
I find, frankly, the Ratepayer Protection Act to be a rather modest response to the overreach and the zeal of the EPA and this administration. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2042. The socalled Ratepayer Protection Act does nothing to protect any of us. In fact, it does just the opposite. 
majority’s policy of sticking their head in the sand and doing nothing to address the serious problems of climate change. The Pope has said that climate change is a reality. It is impacting our lives every day. It is impacting our economy, and it is only going to get worse. 
Mr. Chairman, we are confronted almost daily with new evidence that climate change is leading to increased 
health risks, threatening our environment, and costing our economy billions of dollars. Studies have shown that climate change can lead and does lead to higher rates of asthma, reduces crop yields, acidifies our oceans, and increases the risk for harmful algal blooms. 
drinking and agriculture water supplies in many locations, while warmer climates are increasing the severity and frequency of storms in others. A recent study also showed that climate change could undo many of the improvements that we have seen in human wellbeing and life expectancy over the last half century. The power sector is the largest source of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, accounting for nearly onethird of the U.S. total. 
to depend on fossil fuels for some time, we can and we must do more to limit their impacts on our climate. The clean power plan does just that by setting carbon reduction goals for each State and allowing States to implement customized plans to meet those goals. 
The clean power plan will help maintain an affordable, reliable energy system while cutting pollution and protecting public health and the environment now and for future generations; yet H.R. 2042 would derail the clean power plan and all the health and economic benefits that will come with it. The bill is full of excuses to support inaction, but does nothing to solve the problem. 
Mr. Chairman, this inaction on climate change is putting our constituents and our future generations at risk. It is long past time to acknowledge the causes of climate change and to tackle the issue head on. It is time for us to work together to address this problem, not to pass legislation that continues to ignore it. 
For these reasons and so many others, I strongly oppose H.R. 2042, and I urge my colleagues to vote against it as well. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. I continue to reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015. 
raised a number of justifiable concerns. However, while I would like to find a solution to the issues raised by today’s bill, I don’t believe the present bill is the correct solution. For more than a decade, the focus of environmental debate has been on greenhouse gas emissions. In that time, we have passed two comprehensive bills, while the EPA has promulgated dozens of rules. 
EPA. The Agency, backed by the Supreme Court, has the authority to regulate greenhouse gases, including carbon. The Agency, however, has a different approach to regulating than I think many Members of Congress on both sides would prefer. 
change issues are difficult, and the legislation would require a compromise, but this bill doesn’t accomplish that. Congress should create a regulatory framework for the 21st century economy and environment. We should recognize that human activity has impacted the climate, but that does not mean regulating sectors of our economy out of existence. 
conducted by the Agency, regulatory overreach can occur. I don’t think allowing each successive administration to prescribe policies that affect so much of our way of life is a correct course of action. 
and more importantly, our workers need time to adjust to the new environmental realities and implement changes, both technological and educational. 
colleagues agree that our job as legislators is to ensure each of our constituencies are equally represented. I prefer we sit down and craft a bill that addresses the many challenges we face not only domestically, but as a world leader. 
doesn’t address those issues I have laid out in a balanced and complete way. Allowing for endless legal challenges or partisan political decisions is not the proper way to handle an issue that affects the entire scope of the environment and the economy. 
challenge, the part that is directly in front of us, and I don’t agree with that approach. I would like the opportunity to sit down with my colleagues to draft a fair and comprehensive legislation that reasonably balances the interests of all parties rather than a sectorby sector approach that balances none. 
back home get what they need, and I think it is an opportunity to bring all sides together. I have heard certainly from many groups they all want the same thing, but they want certainty. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Chairman, we want to be certain that their companies will be profitable, that their livelihoods will be protected, and their grandchildren have a clean environment. We can accomplish these goals not with endless delay or agency decree. 
I want to thank my colleague, Chairman WHITFIELD , for addressing part of 
the problem, but let’s work together to solve the whole problem. 
urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chair, how 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ), one of the original cosponsors of this legislation, who is a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
and gentlemen, earlier, we heard the gentleman from Illinois say that this was a just say no bill. You bet it is. That is exactly what it is. 
It is the just say no bill—no to a 
weaker electric grid; no to fewer jobs, particularly in manufacturing and also in the coal and energy industries; no to regulations that do little to help the environment, but do a lot to raise your electric rates. 
When we are talking about protecting the ratepayer—that is who we are talking about, the average man and woman in this country, the families that are out there struggling, trying to make ends meet in an economy that is flat—this bill says no, we are not going to pass a bill on to you for little gain in the environment, but to raise your electric rates tremendously. The American families cannot afford it. 
heard from a former regulator earlier, but the Virginia State Corporation Commission—and that is the organization in Virginia—appointed judges who make the decisions on what you are going to pay for power in Virginia based on what is an appropriate amount. 
for one utility alone—Dominion Virginia Power—would likely be between $5.5 billion and $6 billion on a net present value basis. That is just for one of the companies providing power. 
Let me give you an idea, Mr. Chairman, of exactly what that means to the people of Virginia. In my district, I have 29 geopolitical subdivisions, 29 different jurisdictions. Only two of those jurisdictions get their power from Dominion Virginia Power. Now, remember, Dominion Virginia Power is going to cost the ratepayers $5.5 billion to $6 billion, but that doesn’t cover the whole State and doesn’t cover very much in my district at all. 
to the statements of the Virginia State Corporation Commission, they say that, contrary to the claim that rates will go up but that bills will go down, experience and costs in Virginia make it extremely unlikely that either electric rates or bills in Virginia will go down as a result of the proposed regulations. 
One of our prior speakers said that we should take the time to craft some kind of a compromise. This bill puts everything on hold until court cases can be decided and let Governors come in and say: Well, wait a minute. We can’t make this happen in our State— or in our Commonwealth, as the case would be with Virginia. That is important. 
we can sit down and find some way to compromise between the regulators at the EPA and the interests of the ratepayers. But because they are going to come out with this rule sometime later this summer, and the States have roughly 13 months thereafter to come up with their plan to meet the regulations, we do not have the ability to give that time. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member. 
change denial bill. Don’t be fooled by its name. Ignoring the impact of climate change will heap huge costs on taxpayers. This bill is a disservice to America. And in addition to being very costly to consumers, it shirks our responsibility for addressing the costly impacts of the changing climate. 
shows that the Republicans’ plan is to just say no and to let our children and grandchildren suffer the consequences of the changing climate without doing anything meaningful to protect them. This position is indefensible, and it will prove very costly, indeed. 
the Clean Air Act to give a free pass to States that refuse to comply with the requirements of the clean power plan. Unless we work together to meet the modern challenge of the changing climate, this is going to be very expensive for our friends back home, especially in States like mine—Florida. 
are looking at already: rising property insurance rates and flood insurance rates because of extreme weather events; Federal emergency aid that we 
have to pay out for things like Superstorm Sandy and other storms, tornadoes, electrical storms, tropical storms, drought, fire, and extreme heat. 
flood insurance, property taxes are going to go up because our local communities are going to be saddled with the cost of repairing storm water infrastructure and addressing drinking water. This is going to be very expensive. In Florida, we already see saltwater intrusion into our drinking water aquifers because of rising tides. 
There is a terrible drought in California. These are going to require very expensive solutions unless we tackle it on the front end. 
economic harm to coastal communities like mine in the Tampa Bay area where 
we will have to pay more to renourish our beaches and take care of the lifeblood of our economy, which is tourism, fishing, for a beautiful, healthy economy. 
I recommend a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ). 
This bill is about commonsense safeguards to ensure my constituents are protected from the EPA’s overreach and higher energy prices. 
has drawn widespread concern. It places a heavier burden on Florida than other States, despite the fact that Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005. 
everyday American who faces the potential threat of unreliable services and ballooning electricity costs. 
With the economy growing at a feeble pace, my constituents cannot afford to have their power bill increase. We should be working to support new technologies to safely harness America’s energy boom, not saddle our constituents with regulations that will increase their cost of living. 
Let’s focus on an alltheabove energy strategy, unleashing America’s domestic, renewable, and nonrenewable resources to reduce the costs of groceries and the costs for heating and cooling your home. 
have their own opportunity to assess the proposed plan for their State. Thirtytwo States have made legal objections to this rule; 34 States have objected to EPA’s rushed timeline. 
here today in a bipartisan fashion. I commend Chairman WHITFIELD , Representative G RIFFITH , Representative 
for their bipartisan work on the Ratepayer Protection Act. Please vote for this bill. 
represents a misguided attempt to hold back change and progress. 
must deal with it. The clean power plan is an important step in that direction. 
a ‘‘can’t do’’ attitude. We have always been a nation that tackles big problems rather than denying them. 
significant reductions of greenhouse gas emissions through regional carbon trading, renewable portfolio standards, energy efficient programming, and investments in clean energy. 
strides. And if there is a flaw in the proposed rule, it is that the proposal asked States that have already done a 
lot to reduce their emissions and modernize their electric grids to do even more. 
States that have resisted change and have done far less, are asked only to get started. This bill invites some States to continue to avoid doing their fair share to address the serious environmental and economic threat posed by climate change. 
work on this problem, as will a number of other States that have already taken the steps that I mentioned earlier, but it would be nice if our neighbors also helped to address the problem that we all had a role in creating. 
This bill should be defeated. It certainly will not go far in the Senate, and it would not get signed by our President. Its consideration is, indeed, a waste of time. We should be using our time to find real solutions to the problems we all face. This bill offers no solutions, just another way to avoid addressing our problems. 
today about how important it is with a clean energy plan to address CO2emissions in the U.S. You would think that this clean energy plan is going to make a tremendous difference. 
the Energy Information Administration recently reported that U.S. energyrelated CO2emissions will remain 
flat through 2040 and below their 2005 levels without the clean energy plan. So this clean energy plan is being elevated to do some dramatic good. The fact is the U.S. is already doing more than most countries. And I would point out that, in the coming decades, more than twothirds of the world’s energy related CO2emissions will come from 
So we are being penalized in America, although we have already made great strides. That is why we are trying to give States more time to address this very complex regulation. 
At this time, I yield 3 minutes to the 
distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ), who is a member of the 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of Chairman WHITFIELD ’s legislation, H.R. 
the EPA is an unprecedented rule, one that has the potential to devastate Ohio’s coal industry. That is the very same industry that employs thousands of people throughout eastern and southeastern Ohio and provides homes and businesses with affordable, reliable electricity. 
stop this devastation. Almost 70 percent of Ohio’s electricity today—70 percent of Ohio’s electricity—is currently 
provided by coal. Moreover, coal miners already have a difficult and stressful job as it is. And now, because of the EPA’s clean power plan, they will have to worry about whether or not they will even have a job when they show up for work. 
essential check on the EPA’s extreme emission standards. It allows Governors to use common sense to opt their State out of the rule should they determine that it will negatively affect its ratepayers or grid reliability. 
rule’s compliance dates, pending judicial review. That is just common sense, Mr. Chairman, because shouldn’t our States have a say in our energy future? Especially when you consider that over 32 States have already raised legal objections to the rule, and 34 have objected to the EPA’s rush regulatory timelines. 
have already made it economically unfeasible to build a new coalfired power plant in America. We cannot afford to shut down existing plants and this very important industry as well. 
first, I thank the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey for yielding. 
regulations just for the fun of it, and we should not take this EPA rule lightly. But here is why we must let this rule move forward: one, climate change is real; two, it is caused by greenhouse gases that are released from human activities; and three, it has already been changing the world as we know it. 
‘‘Laudato Si,’’ or, ‘‘Praise Be to You,’’ points out that ‘‘reducing greenhouse gases requires honesty, courage, and responsibility, above all on the part of those countries which are more powerful and pollute the most.’’ 
The Pope is right. We need to be honest about climate change, we need to be courageous and face the future, and we need to take responsibility for our carbon pollution. 
with the EPA, with States, with our great research centers, and with our energy sector to increase efficiency and to transition to cleaner fuels and renewable energy sources. 
The clean power plan and the authority granted by the Clean Air Act is the vehicle we have right now to cut greenhouse gas emissions and to clean up polluted air. But my colleagues are telling States they should just say no and completely opt out of doing their part and subject this rule, which, by the way, we have not even seen it in its final place, to years and years of delay. b1515 
This is not honest. It is not courageous. It is not a responsible way to deal with greenhouse gas pollution. 
and the gentleman from New Jersey has 9 minutes remaining. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act. This bill would protect States and families from EPA regulatory overreach and significant spikes in electricity costs. 
for existing power plants known as the clean power plan. This rule would mandate new carbon reduction goals for each State, effectively changing the way electricity is generated, distributed, and consumed in the United States. 
very troubling. It could mean increased electricity costs and reduced reliability for consumers. In fact, under the clean power plan, electricity rates would increase by an average of 15 percent in a majority of States. 
and exempt States from complying with the rule until all judicial reviews are complete. It would also allow Governors to opt out of compliance with the rule if there would be a significant impact on states’ ratepayers. 
to join me in supporting this bipartisan, commonsense bill. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B LUMENAUER ). 
find this whole conversation somewhat surreal because, in my community in Portland, Oregon, the city is unveiling a new climate action plan to reduce local carbon emissions even more. 
per capita basis, but our community has committed, in going forward, to a clean energy future in order to do our part. 
we would consider on the floor of the House rolling back the modest, balanced approach that the administration has undertaken with the carbon rule—a carbon rule that is not yet finalized, a carbon rule that is dedicated to working with local States to try and finetune it to make sure that it works right and with more public input. Nonetheless, even though it is a little late in coming, the United States must step up. 
are the largest contributor to carbon pollution in the world. We are number 
two now behind China. We have a responsibility to do our part, but we have a responsibility to do our part not just in terms of global leadership and in trying to change this tremendously destructive trajectory we are on with carbon pollution—as we will, no doubt, hear from the Pope in 3 months in this Chamber—but it is part of what is going to happen with other countries in the world. 
in the world can’t step up to do its part, how can we expect to exert global leadership and prevent catastrophic events elsewhere? 
going to be an economic catastrophe is balderdash. The reason the coal industry is in trouble is that coal is dirty, inefficient, and it is more expensive than natural gas. It is not a foundation for our energy future. Being able to move to a low carbon future is a bedrock for economic prosperity in the future. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
from the gentlewoman from California, a State that has proven to be an international leader. Its economy is going great guns. It is reducing its carbon footprint, its carbon use. 
with the cost of energy, and what has happened in States like California, which have been creative in terms of 
energy conservation and in pricing it properly, is that use goes down. 
rates waste the most energy. They actually spend more. Part of what we did with climate legislation, as the gentleman from New Jersey well knows, actually would have reduced the cost for most people. 
side of history on this because it will have a devastating effect. The administration’s modest proposal ought to be supported. We ought not to pretend that we can shatter it and piecemeal it out for the States to undercut it. We ought not to pretend that this is not a real problem that deserves our attention going forward. 
that would turn the clock back and that won’t pass the Senate—if it did, it would be vetoed—is sad. We ought to be working together on a low carbon future to be able to make it work right for each and every community. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the distinguished majority whip. 
friend from Kentucky, the chairman of the Energy and Power Subcommittee, for yielding and for bringing forward the Ratepayer Protection Act. 
to the heart of these radical regulations, which are coming out of agencies 
America. When you look at this regulation, this proposal by the EPA that this bill addresses, the EPA is proposing to bring forward more radical regulations that are going to increase the cost of household electricity for every family in this country. The estimates show you will see an over 12 percent increase in household electricity rates if the EPA is allowed to move forward. 
When you look at what this legislation does, at least it stands up and protects hardworking taxpayers who are tired of all of these regulations—one after the other—coming forward, not through legislation passed by Congress—in open, public settings like this that you can watch on C–SPAN—but coming forward through unelected bureaucrats at the EPA who want to carry out their own agenda. 
so they try to just ram it through in regulations that aren’t backed up by science but that would, in fact, actually, lead to more jobs being shipped out of this country. 
Chairman? They would go to places like China and India and Brazil and to other countries that don’t have the environmental standards that we have. You will actually see more carbon emitted if the EPA is successful in moving forward with regulations like this that this bill is addressing. 
bringing this forward. I think you are going to see a large, bipartisan vote in support of this legislation because people across the country are saying enough is enough. 
If the proposal is so good by the EPA, 
why not move it through Congress? Why not have public hearings on C– SPAN and present the facts and point out and defend the increases that families are going to have in their household electricity rates? 
They want to hide and try to just sneak this through with the regulation and not have any public vote on the bill. 
Here you have a bill, a bill that says 
let’s slow this process down, that says let’s actually give States the ability to opt out if they realize just how devastating it will be not only to the states’ economies, but to the taxpayers in each State. 
In my State of Louisiana, this proposal by the EPA that we are trying to stop would yield about a 13 percent increase in people’s household electricity rates. We are already paying too much. The costs of things are already too high because of regulations coming out of Washington not imposed by Congress, but imposed by unelected bureaucrats. 
unelected bureaucrats, and let’s bring some common sense back to the process of getting our economy back on track. I urge the approval of this legislation, which is so important to getting our economy moving again. 
hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle acting as if we don’t already have a Clean Air Act in place. The fact of the matter is the Clean Air Act was passed by both Democrats and Republicans back in 1970. 
several times since then, but the EPA is simply acting on a law that was passed by the Congress. There is no such thing here that the EPA is somehow doing something that they shouldn’t be doing, which is what is being suggested by some of my colleagues on the Republican side and, I guess, is the basis for this legislation. 
that were passed by Congress—that is what an agency does—but many of my colleagues on the Republican side continue to raise the false specter of job losses and high economic costs in order to try to block the President and the EPA from implementing the clean power plan to curb power plant carbon pollution. 
back to the original Clean Air Act, the history of the Clean Air Act shows that they are wrong, that we can have both a clean environment and a strong economy. 
has used every time the Clean Air Act has been strengthened. Every time new regulations come out that are trying to address the problems with clean air and that are trying to make the air healthier for all Americans, we hear industry argue that somehow there are going to be job losses or that there are going to be huge rate increases. 
Clean Air Act amendments, the oil industry said that the technology to meet these standards simply does not exist today, and they predicted major supply disruptions, and chemical companies said the law would cause severe economic and social disruption. None of these gloomanddoom predictions came true. Instead, our air got cleaner, and our economy flourished. 
shows that the United States can reduce carbon pollution while creating jobs and strengthening the economy. Since its adoption in 1970, the Clean Air Act has reduced key air pollutants by twothirds while the economy has tripled in size. The Clean Air Act has also made the United States a world leader in pollution control technology, generating hundreds of billions of dollars for U.S. companies and creating millions of jobs. 
I want to stress that I think we are 
at a critical crossroads here. If we continue to ignore the science, we will cause catastrophic climate change and saddle our economy with soaring bills for disaster relief; but, if we invest in the clean energy technologies of the future, we can protect our environment 
economy versus the environment is simply not true. The history of the Clean Air Act shows that it is not true. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, once 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
The other question that I keep hearing from the other side of the aisle is that, somehow, they just ignore the public health aspects of this. Obviously, we are concerned about climate change, but it is also the question of public health. 
In other words, if this bill were to pass and if the clean power plan were not to go into effect, there are consequences. 
clean power plan will avoid up to 3,300 heart attacks, prevent 150,000 asthma attacks in children, lead to 2,800 fewer hospital admissions, and avert 490,000 missed work or schooldays each year. 
These benefits are worth an estimated $93 billion per year, Mr. Chairman. These are human health benefits that could be delayed or, perhaps, permanently lost if this bill takes effect. The health benefits potentially blocked by the bill are especially important for the most vulnerable among us, our babies, our kids, our seniors, and those with asthma. 
The legislation grants a blanket extension for all clean power plan compliant States until all opportunities for legal challenges have been exhausted, and this unprecedented suspension of critical clean air regulations would occur regardless of a lawsuit’s merits or its likelihood of success. What the Republicans are doing with this bill is denying the health benefits that come from the clean power plan. 
by reminding everyone that the President has said he will veto this legislation, so this effort with the legislation is totally in vain, as it probably won’t pass the Senate. 
there are no votes to override his veto. Let me just read what the President says in his statement when he says he will veto the bill. 
is premature because the clean power plan has yet to be finalized; it is unnecessary because EPA has made clear its commitment to address concerns raised during the public comment period (including concerns related to cost and reliability) when issuing the final clean power plan. The effect of the bill would, therefore, be a wholly unnecessary 
The bill is unprecedented. The administration is not aware of any instance when Congress has enacted legislation to stay implementation of a clean air standard before judicial review. To do so here, before the rule is even final, would be an unprecedented interference with EPA’s efforts to fulfill its duties under the Clean Air Act. 
Once again, my colleagues on the Republican side have said that this is only a proposed rule. Why are they passing legislation to deal with a rule that hasn’t even been finalized? 
the 5 years that I have been chairman of this subcommittee, we have had many hearings on proposed rules and regulations coming out of EPA, and only one time did they actually sit down with the affected parties and try to work out a real compromise, and that was on the cement rule. 
very clear they intend to move forward with this regulation. Lawsuits have been filed, but the courts have said it is not right yet. So if we don’t take action, it is going to become final, and then you go to court, and then it takes years. 
Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, our economy has improved. We have had a lot more jobs. But the Global Markets Institute last month issued a report—it is an arm of Goldman Sachs, a respected institution—and they pointed out that in the Obama administration, since 2009, the number of small businesses in America are 600,000 less today than in 2009; 6 million fewer jobs today than in 2009. They also went on to say that the reason for this is the overzealous issue of regulations in this administration. 
Commerce, representing thousands of smallbusiness men and women around the country has endorsed this legislation. That is why the African American Chamber of Commerce has written a letter explaining the detrimental impacts of this regulation. That is why over 30some States have come to us and asked us to give them more time. 
As I said in the beginning, this is a 
complex rule. It certainly applies to more than just coal, because it is the first time that EPA has ever attempted to go outside the source of the emission to reduce the emission. So we are not talking about only coalpowered electricity plants, but the EPA sets the standard for every State, the emission cap, and then they say you go fix it. So 
the States are going to be forced to go to other industries, to maybe look at building materials in homes, to adopt renewable mandates to meet these very stringent standards. 
gives States 3 years to come up with their State implementation plan, but in this instance, they are giving them 13 months, which is unheard of. 
delay the State implementation plans until the courts render a decision. I urge our Members to support this commonsense legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, today we fight to 
keep electricity affordable with the Ratepayer Protection Act, a bill that protects folks all across the country from the potential rate increases and reliability risks that experts predict will occur under the EPA’s proposed Clean Power Plan. I applaud my colleague ED 
Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity estimates that the EPA’s proposed plan would increase electricity prices by 12%. The last thing families in Michigan and across the country can afford right now are higher bills just as they are finally feeling as if they have turned the corner following the extended economic downturn. 
own law professor, Laurence Tribe have testified that the proposal raises grave constitutional questions, exceeds EPA’s statutory authority, and violates the Clean Air Act. In fact, Professor Tribe equated the administration’s action to ‘‘burning the Constitution.’’ 
incomes get hit the hardest when electric bills go up. In Michigan, there are nearly 2 million lowerincome and middleincome families— representing 52% of the state’s households. Unfortunately, the costs of this proposed rule would fall disproportionately on the most vulnerable. 
electricity costs that could harm their bottom line. And every extra dollar that goes toward higher energy cost is money that can’t be spent on new hiring. 
For manufacturers, affordable energy is imperative to stay competitive in a global market. That is why the Chamber of Commerce, National Association of Manufacturers, and many other representatives of jobcreating businesses have sounded the alarm on the serious threat posed by the administration’s plan. 
I would also note that higher costs are not 
the only menace looming on the horizon— what’s worse than expensive electricity is no electricity at all. But that is a real possibility. The North American Electric Reliability Corporation and others have warned that the EPA’s proposed plan poses a serious threat to electric reliability as power sources are forced offline. 
and straightforward answer to the potential rate shocks and blackouts. The legislation would allow for the completion of judicial review of any rule before requiring states to implement it, and if a governor of a state finds that the rule poses a significant threat to electricity affordability and reliability they would have the power to suspend compliance with 
The Ratepayer Protection Act does not repeal the Clean Power Plan, it merely adds several reasonable safeguards to it. Regulatory overreach has defined this administration and it is time we all stood up to protect affordable energy. Vote yes in support of every American ratepayer and lower bills. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–20. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
RULES ADDRESSING CARBON DIOXIDE EMISSIONS FROM EXISTING POWER PLANTS PENDING JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
required to be submitted to the Environmental Protection Agency under any such final rule. 
‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: EGUs in Indian Country and U.S. Territories; MultiJurisdictional Partnerships’’ published at 79 Fed. Reg. 65482 (November 4, 2014). 
State’s residential, commercial, or industrial ratepayers, taking into account— 
implement, or are associated with, the State or Federal plan; and 
anticipated to be necessary to implement, or are associated with, other Federal or State environmental requirements; or 
health, and economic development departments or agencies of the State; and 
defined in section 215 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o)). 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–177. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–177. 
of carbon pollution that contribute to humaninduced climate change; and 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
myself such time as I may consume in support of my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment includes language identical to an amendment recently offered by Senator BENNET and approved during the Senate 
budget process. It is simple enough. In order to opt out, a Governor must certify that the State or Federal plan would ‘‘promote national security, economic growth and public health by addressing human induced climate change through the increased use of clean energy, energy efficiency and reductions in carbon pollution.’’ 
passed the Senate in the budget bill with the support of seven Republican Senators along with all the Democratic Senators. Republican Senators like DEAN HELLER , M ARK KIRK, and R OB 
did the chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Senator MURKOWSKI , who is from Alaska, where 
‘‘There is no question that climate change is real and that billions of people have impacted the world’s climate. This amendment supports investment in clean energy technology, including advanced fossil energy, and supports energy efficiency, which reduces carbon while saving customers money. We can protect the environment for future generations while ensuring that we have affordable and reliable energy sources today.’’ 
clear about where Members of this esteemed committee stand on the reality of humaninduced climate change and whether or not it needs to be addressed. Senators have had to stand up and be counted, so we here in the House should do the same. 
aisle have said that they are not climate deniers. Well, if that is the case, then this should be a very easy vote for them, in my opinion. But it wouldn’t surprise me if some or all on the Republican side oppose this amendment. In the Committee on Energy and Commerce, it was voted down twice: first in the subcommittee, and then in the full committee along party lines. 
amendment still allows the Governor to opt out of the Federal plan. It doesn’t really change the substance of the bill. This amendment is for anyone who believes in humaninduced climate change, regardless of their views on various approaches to deal with the problem. You can vote for my amendment and, if you must, still oppose the clean power plan. But if you vote against my amendment, it can only mean, in my opinion, that you are against any solution to climate 
to say that I have the utmost respect for my colleague from New Jersey, Mr. PALLONE , who is the ranking member 
of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. He is always thoroughly prepared and does a great job, but I respectfully must disagree with him on this amendment. 
doesn’t seem to be that much wrong with it, and really there is not that much wrong with it; but I would point out that this amendment suggests that the Federal Government is not taking action about climate change. The fact is, we have 18 Federal agencies administering 61 separate programs on climate change, and since 2008, we have spent over $77 billion addressing it. That is not even including the regulations coming out of EPA. Last year alone, the Federal Government spent $23 billion on climate change. 
I would just point out that this bill is 
about responding to States who are asking us for help. They need more time to address this very complex regulation that will be coming out of EPA very soon. We can’t have a debate about it without talking about climate change. But as I said earlier, everyone recognizes the climate has been changing since the beginning of time. I read an article the other day, in the 13th century, they had grape vineyards in northern England. That is not true today. 
that the President has made it very clear that he thinks climate change is the number one issue facing mankind. We recognize that it is a problem, but we think there are other more pressing issues out there and that this administration seems to be obsessed with climate change. 
growth, clean water, health care, and trying to solve pancreatic cancer are more important. We have countries in Africa, representatives in Africa and Bangladesh telling us we are more concerned about just having electricity, just having enough food. So that is the big difference between us and the President. 
give States more time, giving them the option to opt out if they need to. We want the courts to render a decision that this is legal before they have to start spending the resources and the money to respond to it. For that reason, I would respectfully disagree with this amendment and ask that our Members vote against it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. I yield myself the remainder of my time to close. 
again that, again, I respect my colleague from Kentucky a great deal, but I don’t see how this amendment even says that climate change is a priority. It is simply saying that it should be addressed in the context of any Governor’s effort to opt out. Now, I don’t think that Governors should be opting out, but at least if they decide to do so, then they should be able to certify the reference to these various issues, including public health and climate change. 
I understand what the gentleman is saying, but in terms of priorities, keep in mind that public health is a priority. The gentleman mentioned pancreatic cancer. I was thinking that the group that are advocates for trying to cure pancreatic cancer probably came to see him yesterday as they came to see me. We don’t even know what the cause of it is. It may very well be that there are environmental causes in the air that lead to pancreatic cancer. So I think that it does need to be a priority. Climate change does need to be a priority. 
amendment without saying that climate change is your biggest priority. We are simply saying that when a Governor decides to opt out, which I don’t think they should, that they have to say that they certify that they have looked at the public health, that they have looked at climate change, that they have looked at increased use of clean energy and other issues. I see no reason why anyone on either side of the aisle shouldn’t support the amendment for that reason. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RUSH  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–177. 
State or Federal plan described in such subsection will not have a significant adverse effect on costs associated with a State’s plan to respond to extreme weather events associated with humancaused climate change, taking into account any costs necessary to— 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) and a Member opposed each 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, the legislation before us, which I prefer to call the ‘‘Just Say No’’ bill, would effectively give Governors the power to opt out of the Federal requirements of the EPA’s proposed clean power plan if they decide that complying with the plan would have an adverse effect on either rates or reliability. 
language allowing a Governor to opt out is ambiguous and does not take into account other costs that States are already paying due to the impacts of climate change. 
this issue, I am offering a straightforward amendment that simply states that a Governor must certify that, within his or her State, any ratepayer increases associated with implementing a State or Federal plan would be greater than any costs associated with responding to extreme weather conditions associated with human caused climate change. 
costs associated with cleaning up after mass flooding, intense wildfires, more frequent and intense storms, as well as the costs associated with loss of crops and livestock due to increased drought. 
had to deal with the aftermath of any of these destructive extreme weather events can attest, Americans are already shouldering the costs of climate change—and these costs are getting worse and worse. In fact, according to the National Climate Assessment, if we do not seriously invest in addressing climate change impacts now, we can expect to see more expensive and costly future damages associated with almost every facet of our society, from negative health impacts, to stressing our infrastructure and water system, to harming our national security, up to and including hurting our overall long term economic growth. 
Monday, the EPA, in collaboration with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the Pacific Northwest National Lab, and the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, released a peerreviewed study detailing the costs if we fail to address climate change. This report stated that failure to act could cost 12,000 lives from extreme 
temperatures and 57,000 lives from poor air quality in the year 2100, as well as cost the country hundreds of billions of dollars each and every year. 
The analysis also looked at the impact of climate change on health, electricity, infrastructure, water resources, agriculture, forestry, and the ecosystem. It found that if we acted to reduce emissions, we could avert loss of life, reduce the number of droughts and floods, and save up to $34 billion in power system costs in the year 2050 alone. 
dire warnings coming from both the experts as well as from Mother Nature herself, we cannot allow Governors to ‘‘just say no’’ to reducing harmful pollutants from their States and simply put their heads in the sand. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment to ensure that Governors are held accountable for their failure to act to reduce harmful pollutants that impact the overall public good. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Illinois has expired. 
great respect to my friend, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), whom 
I have had the privilege of sitting through 5 years, it seems like, of hearings almost every day, while I have the greatest respect for him, I do rise in opposition to this amendment. 
Economist magazine just this May, a few weeks ago, they were quoting scientists who were saying it is impossible to say categorically that climate change has caused any individual storm, flood, drought, heat wave, tornado, hurricane, or any other adverse weather effect. So that correlation has simply not been established scientifically. 
Governors to make a certification on something that they cannot do, even the EPA itself will not and cannot do, which is to show any direct benefit on climate events from their rule. 
that this rule, this regulation, will not have a significant impact on climate events in the U.S. As a matter of fact, in April testimony before Congress, Acting Assistant Administrator McCabe indicated that EPA could not predict the impact of the rule on any of its climate indicators. So they are adopting this rule as simply following up on the President’s Georgetown speech in which he laid out his climate plan. 
America is addressing climate change. I would say once again, we have 61 government programs involved. We have 18 Federal agencies involved. We spent a total of $77 billion since 2008. We are doing all sorts of things. 
enough time to respond to this very complex regulation until after the courts have rendered a decision. 
And so, with that, I would respectfully request Members to oppose the Rush amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–177. 
At the end of section 2 of the bill, add the 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, I would like to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Kentucky, for bringing this important bill to the floor to empower States to protect consumers from higher electric rates and to ensure grid reliability. In fact, when I was in the State legislature back in Michigan, I served as the vice chair of our Energy and Technology Committee and spent a lot of time and work on grid reliability and cost issues. 
would set mandatory carbon dioxide emission levels for each State and require that they submit State plans to meet their EPAestablished ‘‘goals.’’ 
the proposed rule, I am offering this amendment to highlight how the EPA’s approach to calculating emissions actually discourages the kind of emission 
formula does not include a way to calculate the benefits of clean energy storage. Michigan is a prime example of the importance of energy storage via the Ludington Pumped Storage reservoir in west Michigan, in the Second District. 
largest pumped storage hydroelectric facility in the world when it was constructed. I remember as a young man, my dad was in construction, and we would do Sunday drives an hour and a half north just to see progress on this. It is an 842acre reservoir that is 2
miles long and holds 27 billion gallons of water. In the last couple of years, it now includes a wind farm with 56 turbines that are generating an additional 100 megawatts. Ludington can generate up to 1,872 megawatts, which is enough electricity to serve a community of 1.4 million residential customers. 
At night, when electric rates are low— and oftentimes the wind is blowing in west Michigan, and those turbines are going—Ludington’s reversible turbines down at the lake level pump water up the 363foot hill from Lake Michigan to the reservoir. Then, during the day, when electric demand is high, the reservoir releases water to flow downhill and it turns the turbines to make carbonfree electricity. And that is very, very helpful, obviously especially in the summertime when we have peak times. 
In fact, when I was in the State legislature, I was standing next to those turbines and they got the call that they needed peak electricity because a substation had gone down in southeast Michigan. Literally, within 10 minutes, those turbines were spinning and producing electricity and putting it back out on the grid, thereby saving a whole lot of expenses they were going to look at in needing to go out on the MISO system to purchase that electricity. 
there are no other emissions being pumped from the storage generation either. 
penalize States like Michigan and Virginia that have prudently invested in energy storage technology because the emissions and megawatt hours from plants used to charge the system are included in the EPA’s equation. However, the megawatt hours discharged from the storage system are not. Thus, according to the EPA, a State’s emissions intensity actually increases if they utilize clean energy storage. That is the exact opposite of what I hope is the EPA’s goal of this rule. 
the EPA to explicitly authorize States to include clean energy storage in their compliance plans. 
this bipartisan amendment and the underlying bill so that States can best 
protect their residents from the significant economic and reliability impact the proposed rule could have. 
At this time, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ), 
pump storage facility. His is from the right. I have a picture from the left. It is a different view, but it is the same facility. 
this amendment. With electricity demands varying, as Mr. HUIZENGA said, 
throughout peak and nonpeak times, Michigan companies produce and store reserve energy in this facility for future use when demand is high, which provides, as was said, energy literally at a moment’s notice, which is critical for grid stability and also critical to keep prices low for our consumers. 
This technology allows our companies to respond quickly when demand exceeds base load capacity, especially during extreme weather events such as heat waves and polar vortexes. 
the need for largescale storage facilities like Ludington’s and how pumped hydroelectric storage can fill this role, but the EPA’s proposed rule compliance formula does not include a way to calculate the benefits of pumped hydroelectric storage. 
to encourage the EPA to address specifically how pumped hydroelectric storage will be counted in Michigan and other States, so the consumers will have access. This is important for Michigan. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Michigan has expired. 
rise in opposition to the amendment. I am not going to oppose the amendment, but I would like to speak to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. First, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ). 
am not going to take the time, maybe give it back to the two gentlemen whom I joined on this amendment as well. 
common sense—at least, we believe in. Our people back home, they don’t understand this in dealing with some regulation on why we are trying to encourage this clean resource and this energy and pumping the hydroelectric and not getting the credit for it. 
I have had to deal with this on the 
core issues on some others where we are actually trying to do what is right for the environment and also trying to 
this amendment. I think we are working toward the right way, and I think this sense of Congress to say ‘‘study this’’ is the positive way we look at this and we work forward toward using all the resources and all the energy sources that we have and using those in a very productive way. 
this and look forward to this amendment being approved. I join with my two other cosponsors on this as well. 
want to thank the gentleman from Michigan for raising the issue and the gentleman from Georgia. 
It does illustrate some of the shortcomings of this proposed regulation because, instead of encouraging clean renewable energy, it, in effect, is discouraging it because they are not getting credit for it. That is another problem. 
to accept this amendment and include it as part of this bill. Thank you all very much for bringing it to our attention. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–177. 
amend such section (as so redesignated) to read as follows: 
commission or public service commission, and the Electric Reliability Organization; and 
independent reliability analysis prepared by such entities during development of such plan. 
described in this subsection is any final rule to address carbon dioxide emissions from existing sources that are fossil fuelfired electric utility generating units under section 
‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: EDUs in Indian Country and U.S. Territories; MultiJurisdictional Partnerships’’ published at 79 Fed. Reg 65482 (November 4, 2014). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) and a Member 
I want to commend my colleague from Kentucky on his efforts to protect consumers and ratepayers. I share that goal. However, we also need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions; and we can protect customers, consumers, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions simultaneously. 
My amendment is intended as a compromise that is practical and would both protect consumers and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
two decades before coming to Congress. I worked with the utilities sector, with the national laboratories, and with other stakeholders. I know these issues. I have been on the ground. So I can appreciate the need for a secure, reliable electric grid. I clearly understand the need for certainty and flexibility. 
That is one of the reasons I cofounded the bipartisan Grid Innovation Caucus, to help address the pressing issues affecting our Nation’s electric grid. We are focusing on hardening the grid, protecting against cyber threats, responsiveness to extreme weather events, and ensuring grid reliability and resiliency. 
H.R. 2042 will stop the EPA’s proposed clean power plan and proposed ozone standard from taking effect. This would sharply limit our Nation’s ability to address climate change and the growing negative consequences it has on public health and our economy. 
which prevents any rule from taking place until all litigation is complete. That provision would add considerable uncertainty to the entire process and introduce a significant precedent into the Federal rulemaking process. If a delay is appropriate, let’s introduce a simple delay. 
ability of States to opt out of the plan with the requirement that the State public utility commissions or public service commissions, as well as the appropriate electric reliability organization, issue reliability analyses on any 
State or Federal plan. In this bill’s current form, allowing States to opt out of the Federal law would create a significant barrier to Federal authority. 
calls for must include effects on regional electric reliability and resource adequacy, operation of wholesale electric markets, transmission and distribution infrastructure, and projected electricity demands. 
Federal agencies have varied expertise and missions and not all are equipped to properly assess potential impacts that a rule may have on a particular industry. Consequently, we need collaboration at all levels. 
year, FERC stated that working together with the EPA, ISOs, RTOs, and the States will be essential as plans are developed. FERC wrote that, ‘‘its rate jurisdiction, at times, has effects on reliability issues. But, reliability also depends on factors beyond the Commission’s jurisdiction, such as State authority over local distribution and integrated resource planning.’’ 
ozone standard would be the sole cause of impacts on rates or reliability. 
My amendment mirrors FERC’s comments and ensures that an independent analysis is conducted by experts who deal with the grid on a daily basis because the EPA is not an expert on grid reliability. 
transparency and accountability, we need to ensure that States and regions have their voices heard. A practical way to accomplish that is by having the PUC and ISO submit a reliability report to the EPA. 
If my amendment is adopted, it will help move the ball forward on this important issue. If not, H.R. 2042 will just be another messaging bill that the President will almost certainly veto. I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I 
amendment. I have certainly enjoyed working with him on our committee. He certainly understands energy. 
have been many lawsuits already filed. There are going to be more lawsuits filed. 
and they are under such time constraints, we simply want to delay the State implementation plans until after the courts have made a decision. 
the Governor’s finding of a significantly adverse impact on electricity rates and reliability and simply say that they have got to come up with this State implementation plan by working with utility commissioners and NERC, which they will be doing anyway. So if our bill is vetoed, that is where they are going to be anyway. 
amendment as certainly defeating what we are trying to do. With great respect to Mr. MCNERNEY , I would oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
certainly appreciate the chairman’s thoughtful remarks and his concern about the effects of the clean power plan. 
delay is required, let’s just introduce a specific delay, 1 year or 2 years. Introducing a bill that requires all the judicial matters to be settled before a plan can come into effect is just too vague. It doesn’t make sense. I think it will do a lot more damage. 
States and the local authorities produce a reliability plan so that they will understand the effects of the clean power plan. It is really a compromise position. If we want to move forward, then, let’s adopt a compromise. If we want to make a message bill, let’s move forward with the existing plan. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–177. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
would like to thank the good gentleman from Kentucky for his work on this bill. 
I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015, and urge my colleagues to support its adoption. 
to introduce with my friend and colleague from the State of Washington, Congresswoman JAIME HERRERA  
Environmental Protection Agency to consider hydropower as a renewable energy source when issuing, implementing, and enforcing any final rule regarding carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants under the Clean Air Act. 
power plan, which the Agency announced in June of 2014, attempts to regulate and reduce the amount of carbon emitted from the power sector by setting emission guidelines for each individual State. Under the proposed rule, my home State of Washington would be responsible for an unattainable 72 percent reduction in its carbon emissions by the year 2030. 
Iowa would be required to reduce carbon emissions by 16 percent, the State of Kentucky by 18 percent, and the State of North Dakota by 11 percent. I believe the proposed clean power plan would have devastating consequences for each and every State, as well as for the country at large, which is why I am proud to cosponsor and support H.R. 2042. 
placed on Washington by this misguided rule are simply unachievable. It will hurt our families and our small businesses by raising the cost of electricity, and it will cost our economy billions of dollars just to comply. 
My amendment would seek to provide a reality check to EPA and highlight the effect this regulation would have on such States as Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and South Dakota, which are blessed with abundant sources of hydropower, a nonemitting energy source. However, under the EPA’s plan, hydropower is not treated as a renewable energy source, despite the fact that the Obama administration has recently been touting the potential of 
In fact, Mr. Chair, last April, Secretary Moniz discussed the importance of hydropower and described it as a renewable in an address to the National Hydropower Association. In his remarks, the Secretary stated: ‘‘We have to pick up the covers off of this hidden renewable that is right in front of our eyes and continues to have significant potential.’’ Yet, despite this public praise for hydropower and recognition of it as a renewable, the EPA decided to push a plan that explicitly neglects hydropower as a renewable in favor of other sources, such as wind and solar. 
year 2012 as its baseline for each State’s carbon reduction goals, and this will also negatively impact my home State and others in the Northwest. 
In 2012, Oregon and Washington experienced unusually high levels of rainfall, unfortunately, unlike this year, which led to a sharp increase in hydropower production; and, therefore, we used less energy from fossil fuel sources. 
As a result, the proposed rule seriously underestimates the average amount of carbon used by my State in its power production which, in reality, is much higher than the EPA 2012 baseline. Because hydropower is not viewed as a renewable, we will have to utilize impractical amounts of other renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar, to meet the EPA’s goals. 
in States with large amounts of existing hydroelectric power, such as mine, Oregon, South Dakota, and Idaho, are significantly disadvantaged under the rule and will not get credit for their existing hydroelectric generation and infrastructure. 
However, my amendment would address this issue by directing EPA to simply recognize hydropower as a renewable energy source. This would in no way restrict the goals of H.R. 2042, which I fully support, nor would it negatively affect other nonhydropower States. It just highlights the misguided rule put forth by the Agency. 
support the NewhouseHerrera Beutler amendment and the underlying bill, and I urge the amendment’s adoption. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
Newhouse amendment seeks to legislatively adjust an element of the EPA’s clean power plan, but the amendment does nothing to fix the problems in the rest of the bill, which was actually designed to cripple the EPA’s ability to curb emissions from power plants and allows Governors to thumb their noses at the Clean Air Act. 
make more sense if it were a comment submitted to the EPA on the proposed rule, rather than being attached to legislation that would gut the clean power plan altogether. 
In fact, the EPA is actively considering this issue already. The proposed clean power plan would have allowed new and incremental hydropower to count towards compliance with the 
EPA received many comments on including hydropower in setting the clean power plan’s goals and treating hydropower as an eligible measure to lower CO2emissions. 
EPA has engaged in outreach to numerous stakeholders about hydropower, renewable energy, and other low and zeroemitting sources of power to better understand issues raised in their comments; and it is giving careful consideration to all comments received. 
topic, and it should be left, in my opinion, to the rulemaking process to sort out the best approach. 
comments received on hydropower, the amendment is not necessary, and in fact, it could be counterproductive. Ultimately, approval of the Newhouse amendment would do nothing to change the fundamental flaws of the underlying bill. I urge my colleagues to vote against the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–177 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 245, not voting 7, as follows: 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
WALKER, BARLETTA, RYAN of Wisconsin, POE of Texas, CHAFFETZ, HUELSKAMP, Mses. GRANGER and SEWELL of Alabama changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Texas, Messrs. CROWLEY, HUFFMAN, Mesdames LAWRENCE and TORRES changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, on Wednesday, June 24th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 381. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on agreeing to the Pallone Amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RUSH  
The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 243, not voting 8, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, on Wednesday, June 24th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 382. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on agreeing to the Rush of Illinois Amendment #2. 
June 24, 2015—I was not present for rollcall vote 382. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: ‘‘yay’’ on rollcall vote 382. 
Stated against: Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 382 
I inadvertently voted ‘‘yes’’, when I wanted to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 177, noes 250, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Wednesday, June 24th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 383. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on agreeing to the McNerney of California Amendment No. 4. 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. H OLDING , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state 
of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2042) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuelfired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and businesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability, and, pursuant to House Resolution 333, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
my colleagues this afternoon to remind all that today is a very special day. Today is the Seventh Annual Congressional Women’s Softball Game that we play for the Young Survival Coalition. Each of us is playing either in memory of or in honor of a survivor. 
cancer, so I would just encourage all of my colleagues to join us tonight. The first pitch is at 7 o’clock at the Watkins Recreation Center. 
and their interns and their friends and their families. It will be a great event. 
Beat cancer, and beat the press. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN  
Speaker and my colleagues, we are really so gratified to have been able to have spent the last 3 months practicing every morning at 7 a.m. 
over and over, and maybe it will come true—is bipartisan. It is an opportunity every year for us to come together and bridge the divide around a cause that is so meaningful and important for so many women all across America. 
I thank all of you every year for your 
support and for the turnout and for the love and affection that we have for one another in that we are able to put aside our differences. As a breast cancer survivor myself—diagnosed at 41—I just can’t thank my colleagues enough for their time. 
I will close by saying that the Member team is the defending champion; and, tonight, we will keep the trophy. Go, Members. Beat the press. Beat cancer. 
Southeast, at the Watkins Recreation Center. The first pitch is at 7 p.m. It is a great game. Come by. Eat hot dogs. Cheer us on. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
There was no objection. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 247, noes 180, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
384 on H.R. 2042, I am not recorded because I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Wednesday, June 24th, 2015, I was absent during rollcall vote No. 384. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on passage of H.R. 2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate concurs in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2146) ‘‘An Act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penaltyfree withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes.’’. 
GILLIBRAND ), designee of the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
RESOLUTION RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE 
Carolina became the first State to secede from the Union; 
Whereas on January 9, 1861, Mississippi seceded from the Union, stating in its ‘‘Declaration of Immediate Causes’’ that ‘‘[olur position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery—the greatest material interest of the world.’’; 
Whereas on February 9, 1861, the Confederate States of America was formed with a group of 11 States as a purported sovereign nation and with Jefferson Davis of Mississippi as its president; 
Whereas on March 11, 1861, the Confederate States of America adopted its own constitution; Whereas on April 12, 1861, the Confederate States of America fired shots upon Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina, effectively beginning the Civil War; 
recognize the Confederate States of America as a sovereign nation, but rather as a rebel insurrection, and took to military battle to bring the rogue states back into the Union; 
Robert E. Lee surrendered to General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House in Virginia, effectively, ending the Civil War and preserving the Union; 
Confederate States of America used the Navy Jack, Battle Flag, and other imagery as a symbols of the Confederate armed forces; 
War, the Navy Jack, Confederate battle flag, and other imagery of the Confederacy have been appropriated by groups as a symbols of hate, terror, intolerance, and as supportive of the institution of slavery; 
Klan and other white supremacist groups utilize Confederate imagery to frighten, terrorize, and cause harm to groups of people toward whom they have hateful intent, including African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Jewish Americans; 
Whereas many State and Federal political leaders, including United States Senators Thad Cochran and Roger Wicker, along with Mississippi House Speaker Philip Gunn and other State leaders, have spoken out and advocated for the removal of the imagery of the Confederacy on Mississippi’s state flag; 
including Speaker John Boehner, support the removal of the Confederate flag from the grounds of South Carolina’s capitol; 
Whereas Speaker John Boehner released a statement on the issue saying, ‘‘I commend Governor Nikki Haley and other South Carolina leaders in their effort to remove the Confederate flag from Statehouse grounds. In his second inaugural address 150 years ago, and a month before his assassination, President Abraham Lincoln ended his speech with these powerful words, which are as meaningful today as when they were spoken on the East Front of the Capitol on March 4, 1865: ‘With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.’’’; 
Whereas the House of Representatives has several State flags with imagery of the Confederacy throughout its main structures and House office buildings; 
that symbols of the Confederacy offend and insult many members of the general public who use the hallways of Congress each day; 
Whereas Congress has never permanently recognized in its hallways the symbols of sovereign nations with whom it has gone to war or rogue entities such as the Confederate States of America; 
Whereas continuing to display a symbol of hatred, oppression, and insurrection that nearly tore our Union apart and that is known to offend many groups throughout the country would irreparably damage the reputation of this august institution and offend the very dignity of the House of Representatives; and 
Whereas this impairment of the dignity of the House and its Members constitutes a violation under rule IX of the Rules of the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress: Now, therefore, be it 
House of Representatives shall remove any State flag containing any portion of the Confederate battle flag, other than a flag displayed by the office of a Member of the House, from any area within the House wing of the Capitol or any House office building, and shall donate any such flag to the Library of 
rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the majority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair within 2 legislative days after the resolution is properly noticed. 
the resolution noticed by the gentleman from Mississippi will appear in the RECORD at this point. 
The Chair will not at this point determine whether the resolution constitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the resolution. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
week, Cincinnati lost a hero in blue. A 27year veteran of the Cincinnati Police Department, Officer Sonny Kim lived a life of service to his family, his department, and his city. 
serving in the line of duty. Officer Kim is remembered as a model police officer, husband, and father, an officer with 22 commendations during his decorated career. His lasting memory stands as a testament to the best of our community and society. 
people every day, usually people at their very worst, and they do so selflessly and tirelessly, but we must never take that service for granted. 
his sons, and his sisters and brothers who served alongside him. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, recently, we lost William White to cancer, but his contributions to his community and dedication to his friends and family will not be forgotten. His life is yet another example of the American Dream realized. 
Born in 1930, in Brooklyn, Bill started out selling printing presses in New York. Eventually, he would join forces with his brother Tom to build some of New York City’s most impressive restaurants. 
While he was well known for his success in business, Bill was also an important member of his community in Point Lookout, New York. There, he established the chamber of commerce and was an active member of the Point Lookout Civic Association. He was a true example that we can all find a way to serve and give something back to this great Nation. 
Patricia, at a dance near West Point in 1955. He and Pat traveled the world, always excited to explore culture and cuisine on their next great adventure. 
in philanthropy and has helped raise hundreds of millions of dollars for our Nation’s veterans. I know that Bill was very proud of his son. His legacy of service, carried on by his son, has meant that thousands of veterans—our Nation’s heroes—have received help they otherwise would not have received. 
who knew Bill, I know his family and friends can be proud of the life he lived and his dedication to his family and his country. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
number one priority I hear from my constituents is creating more jobs and economic opportunity in southern Arizona, and this week, I introduced legislation, along with my Arizona colleagues, to do just that. 
vital role in our Nation’s trade partnership with Mexico through its proximity to the border and key interstate systems, but more can be done to take 
Entry at Nogales must travel on congested city routes before meeting Interstate 10 to travel east. This impedes the flow of traffic and wastes valuable time and money. 
A connection between the two highways south of Tucson would reduce this congestion, help attract businesses to southern Arizona, and expand trade connectivity for the southwestern United States and Mexico. 
My bill, the Sonoran Corridor Interstate Development Act, would designate this proposed connection a high priority corridor on the National Highway System. It has the support of the entire Arizona delegation. 
southern Arizona, our State, and our country; and I look forward to working with my colleagues to move this important project forward. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
last year, we have seen far too many examples of conflict and violence in our communities. While we cannot forget or ignore these tragedies, it is important that we recognize the good that is happening throughout our country every day. 
share with you one example. While out on patrol, Aurora, Illinois, Police Officer David Bemer stopped when he saw a group of teens in the street. Some of the kids said they were alarmed, not knowing why he was stopping or what might happen next. 
part of a dance group called Simply Destinee and were practicing in the alley because their dance studio had lost electrical power. What happened next was something that we would all love to see much more of. 
danced with the kids. The video from this apparently went viral, highlighting exactly the kind of community engagement that we would love to see more of. 
This is what happens when police officers like those in my district get to know their communities and communities get to know their police officers. 
police officers, side by side with members of the community—that we make real and lasting progress. 
congratulate the Wayzata High School boys track and field team on winning the Minnesota State championship. 
years, the Trojans were boosted by strong performances from distance runners Jaret Carpenter and Connor Olson. In addition, Wayzata was led by Wesley Jackson’s secondplace finish in the long jump, Tyler Didier’s thirdplace finish in the 400meter dash, and a number of strong relay teams. It absolutely was a complete team effort. 
practice pushing themselves and each other to reach their personal bests. In addition, every single one of these student athletes still manage to meet and excel at other school, family, and social obligations. 
friends, and entire community are very proud of these high school champs. 
Berndt and the Wayzata High School boys track and field team on a job well done. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, according to news reports, ISIS is holding competitions at mosques to celebrate Ramadan. Here is the challenge: memorize the Koran. The prize—get this—is a young female sex slave. 
repulsed by the fact that young women—just kids—are being handed out like door prizes in a Koran contest. Second and third place apparently receive the same reward, kidnapped young teenage girls. 
This competition is advertised on flyers and marketed to young males. The arrogance, barbarity, and brutality of this terrorist enterprise has no limits. ISIS pillages, rapes, and kills their way across the Middle East. They brazenly broadcast decapitations, slowly drown people in cages, and burn captors alive. 
ISIS is an enemy of all states. Its terrorist reign of religious genocide threatens all humanity in a path of murderous anarchy. The world must ban together to destroy these subhuman radical jihadists. 
accountable for their crimes against all peoples of the world, including little girls. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Florida International University on the celebration of their 50th anniversary earlier this week on June 22. 
Floridians an opportunity to recognize this special institution and all who have contributed to FIU’s success throughout the years should be proud. 
FIU is located in Florida’s 26th Congressional District, where over 17,000 of my constituents are enrolled as students and an additional 2,400 graduated last year. In my time serving south Florida in Congress, I have witnessed this university’s passion for helping students seek higher education to better themselves while giving back to our community. 
where people from all over the world come seeking opportunity and success; many find it at FIU. 
On the occasion of FIU’s 50th anniversary, I salute all those who have dedicated their careers to improving the lives of scholars. I know many proud graduates who today are leaders in our community. 
that the next 50 years will bring even greater success and achievement. 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. As we do 
almost every week, my colleagues and I are here on the floor this evening to urge the people’s House to take up the issues that matter to the people. 
the tragedy in South Carolina. My colleagues and I are urging Members on both sides of the aisle to take a look at an issue we have consistently and painfully avoided for years, what we are doing to prevent gun violence. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). 
today in strong support of the Second Amendment and Americans’ rights to reasonable, responsible gun ownership; but it is time for us in America to admit we have a problem. 
When I see more than two dozen people shot in one weekend in my hometown of Detroit, when I see the face of a deranged and hatefueled young 
man—a man who should have never had a gun but was able to destroy the lives of nine amazing people who welcomed him into their church in South Carolina—I know it is time for America to embrace commonsense gun control. 
In the span of about 24 hours, 27 people were shot and 3 were killed in Detroit, Michigan. It is a city that I represent, along with my esteemed colleague Congressman JOHN CONYERS . 
The FBI and the Detroit Police Department confirm that, in the city of Detroit, overall crime is down; yet gun deaths are on the rise. 
were polled want universal background checks for gun purchases. That is 90 percent. What are we waiting for? 
who has not been touched by gun violence. That includes one of our own, a colleague that was highly respected, Gabby Giffords. 
and communities endure? How many more funerals must we attend? How many children must be orphaned? How many parents must suffer the unspeakable heartbreak of losing a child? 
act, and we must act now. How many times must we watch on national news what uncontrolled gun violence can do to our country? 
That action must focus on three principles: establish universal background checks; eliminate the gun show loopholes that allow a person to walk in, pick up a gun, and walk out the door; and enforce our existing gun control laws. 
globe who are not experiencing the gun violence that we have here in America, and their citizens have the right to own guns. 
It is time for us to awaken from a 
sleep of the past and address this issue and address it now. 
the gentlewoman for taking the time to join us and sharing that important message. I join her in her sentiments. 
thank my colleague for yielding as we continue this important conversation. 
the threat of gun violence. From metal detectors in public buildings to shooting safety drills at schools and movie theaters, guns affect how we live and whether we live at all; yet, when gun violence intruded into the most sacred of places, piercing the peace of prayer at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, it stirred a sickening sadness within us. 
is no corner of our country that offers a haven for us when guns end up in the wrong hands. 
We are here today because of Charleston, to remember the lives of the nine souls who were lost. It is a ritual we have on automatic repeat, again and again, massacre after massacre, as an end run around real gun reform. 
What we have lacked in Congress is the courage to do the right thing. The Charleston 9 are victims of this lack of courage, as are the 30,000 Americans who die each year from gun violence. 
year, gun deaths are on pace to be the leading cause of death of Americans aged 15–24. We are losing a generation of young Americans to guns. The future of our Nation is, quite literally, at stake. 
growing up in fear. Kids play tag indoors. Mothers secondguess on letting their children walk to school. Some studies suggest that repeated exposure to shootings in some communities is akin to the trauma suffered by soldiers in war zones. 
We as a nation have accepted gun violence as a fact of life. But we are better than this. 
in America, I outlined a number of effective strategies to stop the bloodshed, which includes expanding gun background checks. 
your conscience and the conscience of the country you represent and work with me to chart a new course for a safer America. There is overwhelming public support for commonsense gun reform. Responsible gun owners support responsible gun laws. We can strike a sensible balance on gun reform that protects our Second Amendment rights while also ensuring the basic human right of all Americans to live free from gun violence. 
endure? How many more innocent people will we allow to be murdered on our watch? 
have the courage of our convictions, to honor through action by expanding background checks to keep these depraved killers from getting their hands on guns, and the other gun safety laws that we have talked about in the past. 
Charleston, Newtown, and Aurora so that no other American city becomes synonymous with gun tragedy. We have the moral imperative to stop an epidemic that claims more casualties than war and disease, combined. 
lives at the top of our agenda. We owe it to the Charleston 9 and to all who have fallen before them, as we owe it to a generation of young people at risk of meeting a similar fate. 
the gentlewoman for her remarks, and I associate myself with the concerns raised through them. Mr. Speaker, my heart is heavy right 
now. I never thought that I would be in Washington representing the people of the 12th District in the State of New Jersey, but never in my wildest imagination did I think that I would be on the floor of this body mourning the nine Americans murdered for the color of their skin in the midst of worship, at a church that was part of the fight for our civil rights. 
routine order of events, we watch, horrified, as the helicopter circles a church, a movie theater, a college campus, or a school. A breaking news headline parades across the screen, keeping track of the developing details. The next day, we debate the mental stability or motive of the shooter. We ask where they purchased the weapon. We ponder the merits of changing our Nation’s laws to keep more Americans safe. And then, inevitably, we do nothing, and the cycle repeats. 
The rate of mass shootings has steadily risen since 2000. President Barack Obama has himself addressed the Nation for at least a dozen of these incidents since the beginning of his first term. We are the only developed nation in the world that has this problem, and we need to wake up and ask ourselves why. 
us safe. We are told that requiring background checks for every purchase, with no exceptions, is too intrusive. We are told that our constitutional right to bear arms should cover every weapon, from a simple handgun to a machine gun, whose only purpose is to cause massive and irreparable harm. 
Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight because we know that these statements are, at the very least, misleading and, more likely, outright falsehoods. 
millions of Americans who agree that the shooting in Tucson, Arizona, that wounded one of our own should have been our last; that the lives lost in Aurora, Colorado, should have been the last; that the babies we lost in Newtown, Connecticut, should have moved us to change the ease with which we allow access to firearms. 
sides of the aisle whether they are willing to make this newest addition to a painful list the very last. I hope when we close our remarks this evening that every one of us will see the need for change. 
yield to a fellow freshman, who has introduced legislation today that would keep firearms out of the hands of criminals, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
88 Americans are killed by guns. The gun homicide rate in the U.S. is 20 times higher than other developed nations. How long before enough is enough? 
Guns from Criminals Act, commonsense gun violence prevention legislation that will close a loophole in current Federal law, that allows straw purchasers and gun traffickers to funnel firearms to felons, juveniles and other restricted purchasers, with little to no risk of being prosecuted. 
the sale of a gun to a felon or other persons deemed not eligible to possess a firearm, the standard required to prosecute violators is so high that law enforcement is rarely able to bring charges. Only if the prosecutor can prove the seller knew the buyer was prohibited from purchasing a gun are they able to successfully prosecute. So unenforceable is the current statute that, on average, only 75 such prosecutions occur every year. 
My bill would make it easier to prosecute these bad actors by making the sale of a firearm a strict liability. It is a crime, and the onus is on the seller to know whether the buyer is in the prohibited class of customers. No longer would a gun trafficker or irresponsible gun seller be able to claim they didn’t know a purchaser was a criminal or had a restraining order against them or was on a terrorist watch list. No longer would we be tying the hands of law enforcement and preventing them from enforcing laws to protect our children. No longer would a prosecutor have to prove the intention or knowledge of wrongdoing required under current law. 
Mr. Speaker, no doubt, one of the arguments against this bill will be a complaint that a background check places an onerous burden upon the seller. But consider this: the seller and prospective buyer need only go to one of the many Federal Firearms Licensees, or FFL, who provide a private property transfer with a background check for only about $30. 
FFLs in the United States. That is roughly nine times as many McDonald’s as there are. 
Mr. Speaker, everyone, even the National Rifle Association, agrees that we have a responsibility to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous criminals. This legislation is a step in that direction, and I encourage my colleagues to please support it. 
Roof walked into Emanuel AME and stole the lives of nine innocent Americans. In the days since, somehow we have lost track of the real problems. We keep talking about a flag, a flag that is a symbol of many our Nation’s most glaring problems, but it is only a symbol. 
I don’t want to get too far off track, 
but I do want to make something perfectly clear. Symbols may matter, but they don’t matter as much as the actions of police who consistently treat black men and women with clear and biased disregard. Symbols don’t matter 
laws that have propped up a prison industry with hundreds of thousands of Black men. Symbols don’t matter as much as the predatory loan structures that put Black homeowners underwater and decimated the Black middle class, practices that banks were never truly held accountable for. 
down the flag, I would appreciate calls to acknowledge that persistent racism is not the only problem here. Pervasive and unnecessary gun violence is also one of our Nation’s most pronounced flaws. 
support the permanent removal of the Confederate flag. It represents one the darkest stains on our Nation’s history. It represents baseless hate, disrespect for the civil rights and freedoms this Nation was founded upon, and enduring mistreatment in communities of color. 
But if we are really about the business of ending discrimination once and for all, we need to enact policies that will counteract everything that that flag represents: job training that ensures all of our communities are qualified for the jobs of the future; education that lets our students succeed, regardless of where they live; and affordable housing that exists outside of the urban centers, in the communities that can offer folks the jobs they need to get on their feet and to climb to the middle class. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
me thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for her consistent leadership and, particularly, her friendship, her passion for her district, and her commitment to policies that will lift all of us together as Americans. 
that I have had an opportunity to speak on the floor of the House since the moving and horrific tragedy that occurred in Charleston, South Carolina, to be able to first publicly express my deepest sympathy to the families that now mourn. 
I think this may be the longest period of time that I have had a chance to speak. My recollection may be that I offered sympathies last week. 
heinousness of the acts of the perpetrator who knocked on a door that was not closed, entered a sanctuary that did not reject him, walked down some stairs to a historic basement that reminds all of us of our church basements across the Nation, being that houses of worship, in particular, African American churches, will have their Sunday or Sabbath school in areas that are basements, particularly along the northern and eastern coasts. 
school is particular to all of our many denominations in the Protestant faith, and every one of us understands that weekly Bible study that, through the traditions of our lives, we have seen our families and grandmothers and 
grandfathers, aunts and uncles, and those of us who joined in Bible study. In fact, Mr. Speaker, a Bible study is a phenomenon of the American church, the Protestant Church, where people gather to study and to understand the Word. 
I said in a memorial service in Houston, it is a time of joy, a time of pain, a time of explaining one’s self, and a time of redemption. And you feel good, for you join with your fellow travelers, and in a weary week, midweek, you come and restore yourself. 
that this evildoer was there, there was a lot of laughing or asking questions about the Scripture; might have been some joyful, argumentative interpretation, where Bible study participants give their perception or their interpretation. I know this because, if you have gone, you know what Bible study is all about. 
filled with the sickness—and I hesitate to say ‘‘cancer.’’ Cancer is something that people do not voluntarily seek, but we know that cancer can eat at a body and kill someone. 
So the cancerous racism that this individual possessed and internalized and, in fact, duped himself and took the medicine and continued to fill himself with a deadly concoction that was going to do nothing but kill him, but before it killed him, he felt compelled to kill someone else. 
celebrating of his 21st year, very young years—I guess what breaks my heart is how, in those young years, he could become so hateful. For as I said, he came into a place that did not reject him. He went down the stairs in a place where people were rejoicing. 
And he, at the conclusion, after sitting next to Reverend Doctor Senator Pinckney, took out a gun and methodically killed those wonderful families— mothers and grandfathers and grandmothers and a son and father—without a pain. 
He took a gun that none of us would 
raise to any Member on this floor or none of us in our houses of worship would raise to any forlorn traveler, any weary person that would come into our place of worship, whether a mosque, a Catholic parish, a synagogue, a Hindu temple, or any form of Protestant church, big or small. 
many, many denominations. In fact, we are now in the middle of Ramadan. Houston has many, many places of worship. I wouldn’t venture to say I have been to all all over the world, but I have been to all in the city of Houston, my own congressional district, and each place, in their own faith, have welcomed people in. 
that people would blow up temples, mosques, synagogues, and churches. This person didn’t blow it up a distance 
away. He methodically did this. And a mother had to watch a son try to rescue those, protect them. 
all been told, but we know that there were heroes in the midst. In fact, they all are heroes. 
So I come for two reasons. I come to 
indicate that much of what we heard here today is true, that for us to do honor to those who died in this disastrous massacre, murderous, blood flowing from the church, that it will have to be our actions. It will have to be what we do about education and criminal justice reform. 
broken recordness of this because we will only do it in unity. We will only do it after we put aside contentious votes and we begin to say, What will heal America? We will not heal—and we have said this before—on the issue of cancerous racism unless we admit that it exists. 
Many of us will present to this Congress a resolution that calls upon the recognition that there are some symbols of hate that we cannot deny. We will frame it in America’s unity, as has been noted already earlier today, Governors and State representatives and others of good thought. Mitt Romney, for example, joined with President Obama’s tweet that it is the right thing to do, to take down that rebel symbol that has been used to run onto the plantations of yesteryear with individuals clothed in white clothing, providing fear, intimidation, and evildoing. 
Dr. King received during his life, or Medgar Evers during his life, who was murdered on his front porch, were all circling around people not talking about slavery. They were talking about desegregation and their opposition to desegregation and their support of upholding segregation. 
our life of 2015. Many of us lived through it and saw the disaster of such. Many of us saw the killing of civil rights workers, bound in hatred and not wanting to change what did not unify America but divided America. 
now for the period of time that I have been here—I passed one of the few gun ordinances in a lawmaking body, the city council, which most people don’t realize that some city governments give lawmaking legislative authority to their elected representatives. Houston, a noncity manager government, does that. 
amongst the mayor and city council persons, packed the chambers. People with revolutionary outfits, gun enthusiasts, the NRA, all opposing a simple gun ordinance that said that, if a parent allowed a child to get a gun in their hand and a horrific incident happened, a shooting or the child shot themselves, the parent would be held 
not taking a gun away, but trying to instill responsibility with guns. 
of the House, why all of a sudden, Mr. Speaker, does it become that we are against the Second Amendment and the National Rifle Association, and that this is going to be the undermining of this powerful organization if we even utter the words ‘‘gun responsibility’’? Why? 
Why in Newtown? I thought I had seen enough, heard 
enough when 20 little babies in a corner, no less, 6 adults murdered in a murderous fashion from someone who absolutely did not deserve a gun for whatever the reason, as they took their own life, or someone who now stands on trial in Colorado who decided that a night out with a dad and his daughter in a theater—something that Americans know is part of our American culture. We are just moviegoers. We make the movie industry. 
driveins that many remember were some of the best times with your family—and thank God they didn’t cost a lot—or the sophisticated hightech theaters of today, it is still the same. Dads and little girls are going to theaters together. And this criminally minded person, evildoer, decided to kill 12 or, to our very distinguished colleague, the Congresswoman from Arizona, who was maintaining the dignity of her office, was shot down in the street by a gun, killed a Federal judge and many others, a 9yearold girl, her staff, whose memory that we continue to mourn. 
that I joined with Congresswoman WATSON COLEMAN to indicate that the 
issue of gun responsibility legislation is not even overdue. We are crying out for relief. The violence that is used with handguns and AK–47s and automatic weapons is unspeakable. 
We need to close the gun show loophole that allows people to go and get guns at gun shows. The name of my good friend Carolyn McCarthy and John Dingell, they worked together and had compromises. We could not get them on the floor of the House. 
to be able to assure that where this evildoer brought the gun, his exposure to the criminal justice system should have disallowed him from purchase until he was completely vetted. Some say that he would have stolen one or gotten one out of the back of a pickup truck, but maybe, Mr. Speaker, he would not have been able to go on that fateful night down those stairs through that open door to kill those blessed souls who were studying the word of the Lord. 
So it is a challenge now. I know that 
those of us in the Congressional Progressive Caucus are Americans. I know that those who adhere to the Tea Party philosophy are Americans. To our various conservative caucuses that are in the Conference, our Republican friends, 
to the various caucuses that are in the Democratic Caucus, all are Americans. All felt the pain of the murderous act. In fact, it is almost like we are living in a cocoon. It is not over yet, as these families bury their loved ones. 
But I think it is upon us—it is an onerous responsibility—to confront this whole question of racism, as the President has charged us to do, and not do it with another round of conversation, but confronting the fact that we can begin by removing symbols and doing something proactively on changing lives. 
Then it is upon us to take on this gun 
responsibility question, to call the NRA to a table of reconciliation, to master a legislative agenda and an omnibus initiative that doesn’t have anyone hiding under tables, that there will be no indictment of whether you are for or against. But we hope the majority would move this legislation forward to change the way young people, people who are on the edge, people who shouldn’t have guns get guns and kill people. It is time for this Congress to pass the legislation. It is time for the President to be able to sign the legislation. 
New Jersey for her genuine courtesy extended this evening to allow me to both mourn and condemn racism that has been the plight of many of our people in this country and to, as well, remind us that we are derelict in our duty if we do not pass real serious gun responsibility legislation. 
with another example of what damage results from easy access to guns. The violence that took place in Charleston, South Carolina last week is something that is not new to our nation but is something that we can and must come together to prevent from happening in the future. 
As a senior member of the Judiciary Committee and the Ranking Member of its subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, and the author of H.R. 65, ‘‘Child Gun Safety and Gun Access Prevention Act, I am in support of our Congress coming together to find solutions to the issue of gun violence, through gun law reform and active engagement of our communities to get to the heart of these problems. 
cause of death for young people ages 15 to 24 years old. 
Even more disturbing is the fact that homicide is the leading cause of death for African Americans between ages io and 24, and the second leading cause of death for Hispanic Americans. 
those victims was a firearm. (82.8% were killed with a firearm.) 
Many guns are in the wrong hands, and end 
up being the highly efficient tools of criminals and mass murderers. 
Every 3 hours and 15 minutes, a child or 
In 2010, 82 children under 5 years of age 
lost their lives due to guns. To put that number in perspective, 58 law 
enforcement officers died in the line of duty that year. 
young people should be our highest priority, we also need to address the broader culture of violence that pervades our society. 
The Members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus recognize the need for a comprehensive approach to addressing the problem of gun violence in America. 
Guns and the harm perpetrated by them impact every American and the events at Sandy Hook and Aurora only underscore how random gun violence events can be; but it is important to appreciate that regular gun violence has a particularly devastating impact on the communities we represent. 
which took the lives of nine innocent church members, as an opportunity to take action to improve the lives of all Americans. 
We need to reform current gun laws and implementing change that will prevent these types of events in the future. 
As the Founder and CoChair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus and as a senior Member of the Judiciary Committee, I have listened far too often to the tragic testimony of individuals who have survived or lost loved ones as a result of gun violence. 
understand that supporting universal background checks for all gun sales is not inconsistent with supporting responsible gun ownership. With rights come responsibilities. 
a minimum that guns in the home be stored safely out of reach of unsupervised children and making sure that guns are not transferred to non law abiding citizens or the mentally ill. 
My bill, H.R. 65 ‘‘The Child Gun Safety and 
Gun Access Prevention Act of 2013’’, would do just that. 
We must pass responsible gun violence prevention legislation like H.R. 65 and require universal background checks for all gun sales. 
Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas. She has always been a source of information and history. She has always tied our history into our current situation as she has always been someone who has motivated us to think sincerely about the issues of the day and how we can become part of the solution. 
to reiterate that I associate myself with every recommendation that this gentlewoman has put forth here. I do indeed believe that we need some sensible gun control legislation. I have even introduced legislation that makes it more difficult to secure ammunition. I do think that that is a very important component of creating a safer environment in this country for all citizens. 
I think also that we need to take a 
serious look at what this type of domestic terrorism is doing and whether or not we are devoting the type of resources that are necessary to ensure that our people are as safe as they can be. 
very concerned and very proactive in looking at potential lone wolves, jihadists, ISIS recruitment activities, and things of that ilk, but I question whether or not we are sufficiently engaging in oversight, interventions, and creating tools in order to look at the sites that kind of generate the willingness of people such as Mr. Roof and his desire to do what he did. 
we are willing to hold hearings on the issue of domestic terrorism. I hope that we are willing to look at policies and procedures that create opportunities and jobs and safer communities and good public education. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank you for your indulgence. I yield the balance of my time. 
to thank my friend from New Jersey, Congresswoman WATSON COLEMAN , for organizing 
Mr. Speaker, we have a right to safety and 
to reasonably expect that we will be free from gun violence in our homes, schools, places of worship, workplaces, and communities. Unfortunately, we are not safe. As I said on the House floor the morning after the devastating murders in Charleston, ‘‘there are no more sanctuaries in the United States from gun violence.’’ 
There is no question that we are not doing 
enough. We see the evidence in the news every day. Across the country, guns are the number two killer of children under 19 years of age. After Charleston, Newtown, the DC Navy Yard, Aurora, Fort Hood, Virginia Tech—the list goes on—it is clear that we need a comprehensive approach to preventing gun violence. 
hundreds of my constituents urging me to support commonsense policies that would help save lives from this senseless violence. I have cosponsored legislation to strengthen background checks, improve mental health services, ensure criminals and dangerous individuals cannot purchase guns or ammunition, ban militarystyle assault weapons, and prohibit large capacity magazines, and yet, none of these commonsense policies have even received a vote on the House floor. 
I refuse to stop fighting for this cause as 
long as 30,000 Americans needlessly die because of guns every year. 
Scardino came to Washington to give testimony on gun trafficking prevention. On the previous Christmas Eve, when Ted responded to a fire in the early morning hours along the shores of Lake Ontario, he had no way of knowing that a gunman had set the fire as part of a murderous plot that would leave him as well as fellow firefighter Joseph Hofstetter injured, and take the lives of two more firefighters, Mike Chiapperini and Tomasz Kaczowka. 
The gunman in this case was already a convicted killer. He was not able to legally purchase a gun himself, but was able to easily obtain one after recruiting a young woman who lived nearby. He took her to a sporting goods store where he picked out a Bushmaster semiautomatic rifle and a shotgun, and just like that a convicted killer had armed himself with militarystyle guns that he would use to murder two innocent public servants, wound two more, and upend the closeknit community of Webster, NY. 
cannot manage to pass—or even vote on— legislation that would protect our families, friends, and fellow citizens Tragedy after tragedy happens, and yet we do not act. I am terrified at the thought of what it will take to finally bring this body to action. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
today I rise to draw the attention of my colleagues and, yes, the American people to a legislative threat to the safety and wellbeing of the American people. 
of Congress about this very same issue that I will be discussing this evening. But today, again, we are in serious jeopardy of having an important right of the American people neutered from them, taken away from them by a power play here in Washington, D.C., being conducted by multinational corporations who have done everything they can to impact on this system while the American people do not know that there is an attempted move against their constitutional rights. 
Alerted by an aggressive yet an unsuccessful attempt to stop this rigorous and rancorous legislation in the House, the Senate was inundated last year about a similar bill that was supposed to be reform, and it was very similar to the one that I will be discussing today. 
bill in the Senate that they simply refused to bring it up to the floor for consideration. The bill had already passed the House; and as I say, today, a similar bill now is making its way through the House and will be on the floor, and it is a great threat to the freedom, security, and wellbeing of the American people. 
rammed through the House and once it was exposed that the Senate turned it back? Well, it has been an ongoing fight over 20 years, a classic case of crony capitalism that plagues our country. The big guys are trying to diminish the rights of the little guys in order to make more money—surprise, surprise. 
talking about, they will not only make more money and take that from the little guys, but it will undermine America’s prosperity and security in the long run. 
Mr. Speaker, I am certainly not opposed to the profit motive, but first and foremost, we need to ensure that 
powerful forces don’t change the economic rules in order to enrich themselves. 
not paying attention, but are paying attention to the important things in their lives: their children, their families, their jobs, their schools, and their churches; but they have been basically unaware that there is an attempt by megamultinational corporations to undermine and, yes, destroy a constitutional right of our citizens—this in order to fill their pockets at the expense of the American people who don’t really understand and even know this power play is going on. 
fundamental constitutional right of the American people to own what they have created. This is a right that has been written into the law at the Constitutional Convention—it is in our Constitution—that is under attack in a clandestine legal maneuver that would neuter America’s inventors the protection that they were granted by the Constitution and permit powerful multinational corporations to steal what rightfully belongs to American inventors as granted to them as a right in the Constitution. 
Thus, Mr. Speaker, ordinary Americans, of course, are not as able to get their voices heard at times here in Congress and big corporations are. They have whole stables of lobbyists. Tonight, we need to mobilize the American people and have them make sure that they contact their Member of Congress. 
make sure that they pay attention to what is happening in this piece of legislation that is now being rammed through Congress. 
It isn’t just about, of course, dispossessing. This issue isn’t just dispossessing individual inventors. It is a power grab that, if they are successful in undermining the constitutional rights of inventors to own for a given period of time what they have created, this change in our constitutional law will undermine the prosperity that we have enjoyed as Americans. 
our patent system will undermine the economic wellbeing of our working people who depend on the United States to be technologically superior in order so that they can outcompete other peoples in other countries who come from poor societies who work just as hard, but don’t have the technological advantage that we Americans have. 
people have always had the advantage that they can be more productive because our country permitted the technological development of the means of production that made our workers the most productive in the world. 
world, but it was the people of the United States who coupled that with 
freedom and coupled that with technology, and it uplifted everyone. Our Founding Fathers believed that technology, freedom, and, yes, the profit motive was the formula that would uplift humankind. They wrote into our Constitution a guarantee of the property rights of inventors and authors. 
It is the only place in the body of our 
Constitution where the word ‘‘right’’ is used, in article I, section 8, clause 8 of the Constitution of the United States: 
the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. 
well. It has led to a general prosperity and national security, and it has permitted average people in our country to live decent lives and to have good jobs; but instead, now, we are putting all of that at risk because some multinational corporations want to steal the technology that has been developed by our little guys, our small inventors. 
are where the new ideas come from. These big meganational corporations have huge bureaucracies that are not the source of the great discoveries that we have had over the last two centuries. 
do all the other people in the world. It is technology that makes the difference. Our technology has multiplied results of that hard work. Yes, that is the secret of our success, technology and freedom. 
That was put in place not just because we talk about it, but because we wrote that into our law, our basic fundamental law, the Constitution, and we have developed from that moment the strongest patent system in the world, and that is what has made all the difference. 
Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson were men who believed in technology, believed in liberty and freedom, and believed that we could uplift every human being, not just the elite in our society; thus they made sure that, in our Constitution, we had this 
provision that we set our course toward uplifting all people through technology, hard work, freedom, and the profit motive. 
Yet, today, multinational corporations run by Americans—and maybe by some multinational corporations that just have Americans working for them—want to diminish the patent protection our Founding Fathers put in place, want to diminish the patent protection that has served us so well, and over the years, we fought and turned back several efforts to weaken the patent system. 
this. They are unaware that, for the last 20 years, there has been this attempt—and they call it harmonizing our patent system with the rest of the world, when we have the strongest system, and they were trying to weaken it. How does the rest of the world respect the rights of the little guy? They don’t. In fact, our patent system has said that if a man or a woman—an inventor—applies for a patent overseas that, after 18 months, anybody who applies for a patent over there has a different situation than our patent applicants. 
in the United States knows that his patent application will be totally confidential until the moment he is issued the patent. When that patent is issued, then it can be published, but he then has the legal power to protect his patent rights for a given period of time. Traditionally, that has been 17 years of guaranteed protection. 
Well, that is not the way the rest of 
the world works. The rest of the world wants 18 months. Eighteen months after you apply for a patent, they publish it for the whole world to see, even if the patent has not been issued; thus any inventor in that case, everything that he or she has invented and all of the research is now made available to one’s competitors. That destroys incentive, and in fact, that was the goal 20 years ago that MARCY KAPTUR of Ohio 
and I were able to stop that provision from being put in the law. 
were trying to do in harmonizing this law, was that every American today— think about it—every American inventor today, anybody who didn’t get their patent in 18 months, it would be published to the world, and we would have a massive stealing of our technology and undercutting of our technological superiority. 
were trying to accomplish was they said—and overseas, they don’t have this guarantee—and that is, if you apply for a patent, if it takes you 10 years to get your patent, you still have 17 years of guaranteed patent protection from the time it is issued. 
Overseas, they start the clock ticking at 20 years when you file. If you file for a patent and it takes you, let’s say, 10 years to get your patent, in the United States, you would have 17 years of protection. Overseas, you end up with 10, sometimes 5 years of protection. 
system in the world. It has worked for us. Now, we have people over the last 20 years who have tried everything they could to undermine it. We won those early fights against the two provisions I just described. 
course, MARCY KAPTUR , a strong coalition, and I managed to thwart those efforts, but today, we see another—another—effort to try to undermine and diminish the patent protection that we have been fighting to preserve for these last 20 years. 
passed the America Invents Act which we warned fundamentally diminished the patent system, weakening its protection for ordinary citizens. The negative impact of that bill—and 
impact is overwhelming. We changed, for example, the fundamental idea in that bill, one of the ideas that was changed, from our country’s founding, it was always the first person to invent something and can prove they invented it, they will get the patent. 
first not to invent, they changed that to the first one to file for a patent is going to get the patent, so that smaller and independent inventors who can’t afford to go over and over again and every new twist of their invention get a separate patent for, these small inventors have been facing major corporations that then immediately will go in and file for patent after patent after patent because they can afford it. 
now is these corporations are flooding the Patent Office with applications. Of course, there are not more people working in the Patent Office; thus they are feeling a dramatic reduction in their ability to get the job done because they are being flooded with patent application because we have changed the basic rules of the game, and it has worked against technological development in our country. 
aimed at neutering the rights of the small inventor. We have barely turned back this latest attempt which, last year, we passed through the House and went to the Senate, but when the Senators, of course, got a message from their own colleges and universities as to what this would do and the damage that it would do to the universities, we were able to stop it and stop the effort in the Senate. 
Now, we have the American Innovation Act that has been presented here. This is yet the most recent onslaught. Over a 20year battle of trying to protect the interests of the little guy, now we have the American Innovation Act. 
megacorporations over the years, who have stepped up with these proposals that would diminish the right of the small inventor, didn’t say: We are trying to diminish the rights of the small inventor. 
the Members of Congress. Instead, what was sold in the first onslaught 20 years ago was the submarine patent. That is why we have got to eliminate the ability for people to have a patent application that is secret until it is granted. That is why, at 20 years from filing, you don’t have any more patent protection. 
that was used to confuse the public in order to try to secure their goal of diminishing the right of all inventors, especially small inventors. They are insisting, of course, now that there is another threat and that we should pay attention to this other threat that has emerged that should motivate us to, again, diminish the rights of American 
because, supposedly, patent law is being abused by the socalled patent trolls. 
note that we all understand that there are frivolous lawsuits that take place throughout the American system. We have a system of justice. You can sue someone if that person has damaged you. Yet there are frivolous lawsuits. Lawyers will do that. And we know that that is something we have got to deal with. Judges need to be stronger in that case. But they exist. 
that are presented by lawyers over patent right infringement. And sometimes these frivolous lawsuits—and many times—are just based on phony claims that they claim they have the right in the patent to this and they sue some businessman hoping he will just pay off. That is indeed a problem. It is not a major problem in the sense that it is a minor part of all of the litigation that goes on. 
goes on, and most of the lawyers who are involved in this who are called patent trolls, are involved with legitimate claims against people who have infringed on the patent rights of especially small inventors. They are basically getting involved with the small inventor who does not have the resources to basically defend his patent against some large megamultinational corporation. But, of course, big corporations would have us believe that what we are really talking about are frivolous lawsuits against them. 
lawsuits that are totally justified. The vast majority of all lawsuits that come into play against these major corporations are based on a legitimate claim by someone who owns a legitimate patent who these big companies have just tried to rip off. 
now is what? They are trying to make it more difficult for those little guys, even with any type of help from what they call a patent troll, to be able to actually bring their case of infringement against large corporations. 
have got to change our justice system. We have got to change the rules of the game for every lawsuit because some people have been manipulating the law and having frivolous lawsuits. 
want in America. We don’t want to take away the right, the legitimate right, to go and defend yourself in court because some people use the courts in a frivolous or a manipulative manner. 
resources, for example, to enforce his or her own patent, and if they have been granted this patent legitimately by the Federal Government that they own this technology that they have developed, then there is nothing wrong 
with the fact that someone could come along and help them enforce it when a megamultinational corporation is basically stealing their rights. 
outside individual inventors and groups. They have affirmed to me that the legislation now being proposed in H.R. 9, the bill that was already passed through the Judiciary Committee, that that bill disadvantages the little guy against deeppocketed corporations. And, in fact, every provision in the name of stopping patent trolls is a provision that would undermine the efforts of people who own legitimate patents and have legitimate patent claims, and undermine their ability to enforce those claims. 
what is being said about patent trolls, yes, there are frivolous lawsuits and trolls sometimes are involved with frivolous lawsuits; but, by and large, that does not mean that the overwhelming number of lawsuits are not legitimate and they should have every right to call on someone to help them in their effort, basically, to defend their patent rights. 
covering the fact that what we really have here is a bill on H.R. 9 that makes it easier for big corporations to steal the technology secrets of the little guys. They would have us believe that all lawsuits are frivolous and the frivolous lawsuits are throughout our system. And instead of focusing just on frivolous lawsuits, they want us to have an overall diminishing of the rights to our inventors to enforce their patents and make it more difficult for them to do so. 
the American people to H.R. 9. The Innovation Act, as I say, was introduced by Chairman GOODLATTE and was 
passed through just a week ago or 2 weeks ago in the Judiciary Committee. 
In the last Congress, the House Judiciary Committee held hearings on this bill and witnesses at that hearing included Director Kappos and others. That was when we were discussing the America Invents Act. And people said: Let’s go slow on this. Why are we trying to push this through in such a hurried manner? 
through in a hurried manner because, once people understand the implications of diminishing the right of people to protect their patents, they are going to find it has dramatic changes to the American way of life. 
have discovered that if, indeed, H.R. 9 passes, that it will have a huge impact on the viability of their own scientific research and their own patents that they own by these various universities. It will diminish the value of patents across the board if we say that it is going to be more difficult to fight infringers and more costly for someone to fight someone who is infringing on that patent. So, according to sponsors of H.R. 9, 
this is, as I say, an attempt to control the trolls but, in fact, it is going to control the universities. It is going to control other companies other than these big companies that, as I say, are multinational companies. They are mainly in the electronics industry. Those people may want to take away some of these patent rights and let them sue, but that is not true in many others. You have got pharmaceuticals and biotech and many other industries that will be impacted in a horrible way because of H.R. 9. 
sure that the American people speak to their Member of Congress and talk to them about we do not want to make it more difficult for people who have developed new technologies to defend their technologies against infringers. We don’t want to make it more difficult for people who are the innovators to innovate, to come up with the new ideas, to basically make sure that America is on the cutting edge and leading the way. 
rest of the world, as has been their goal for a long time—and, I might add, one of the things that we have to be very concerned about when we look at the trade bill that is being shoved through Congress is whether or not it will contain a provision that I helped defeat 20 years ago, which I just mentioned, that will make sure that our patent applications are published after 18 months. 
Now, I have been told that that is in 
the trade bill, and there have been all sorts of denials and some people are coming to me whispering, yes, it is in there. Well, we know we are operating under secrecy. We have been operating under secrecy here, so it is impossible for me to tell the public I know absolutely because I read it. Because had I read about this in that bill, I wouldn’t be permitted to talk about it. 
things that you have got to be very careful. What are you going to pass in this trade bill? It might be exactly what I am talking about, which is a diminishing of the patent rights of the little guy. And who is pushing that? Megacorporations, multinational corporations, the same guys who are pushing this trade bill on us and not letting us even know what is in the trade bill, which we are supposed to give up our right for an upordown vote not even knowing what is in that bill. 
So what we need to do is make sure 
we go through all of those items in this bill, H.R. 9. And people have to understand that every one of those provisions in this bill are aimed at making it more difficult for the small inventor to go up against a major corporation who is infringing on that inventor’s creation. 
that we can be bringing to the floor and that are aimed at helping the big guy steal from the little guy? This is not what America is all about. This 
patent infringement, meaning the little guys will have more and more of what they are developing stolen from them and, thus, there will be less incentive for the geniuses in our society to use that genius to create the new technologies that keep us safe—safe. It is our technological edge that keeps us safe, that makes us prosperous. 
the innovators, unless we are the guys with the new ideas rather than the people who are just copying other people. Our working people will not have a decent standard of living. This will reduce the legal remedies for those who have been infringed upon. 
businesses that are aimed at technological development. Why would anybody want to invest with a small inventor or a small company that is developing technology if you are going to make it more and more difficult for that investor to get that money back if someone is stealing that technology? 
damage to our research universities, our inventors, our entrepreneurs, our economy, and our Nation. 
detrimental to the patent owners, and especially individual innovators will be damaged. Every provision bolsters the patent thieves, the infringers, at the expense of the legal owners. All this done, covered by the idea, well, we have got to get at the trolls. 
with my colleagues just the story of exactly how that word ‘‘troll’’ came up. 
There is a head of a major corporation who changed his mind on this bill, who years ago was part of the clique pushing this sort of diminishing of patent rights. He told me that he sat in a room with other corporate executives to come up with the strategy: How are we going to get the American people to support legislation that actually hurts the little guy and helps the big guy steal from the little guy? How are we going to do that? 
something to get attention that is going to make it look like that is really the goal is to take care of that evil, sinister person over there. They went around the circle trying to come up with a name that was so sinister that would help them accomplish their mission. This is how cynical these people are who are offering this argument about trolls. And finally, the guy who was talking to me said: I suggested ‘‘patent pirate,’’ but by the time it got around, ‘‘patent troll’’ sounded so much more sinister, they decided they would accept that. 
fact is that if we are going to beat this onslaught of the big guys against the little guys, we little guys have got to stick together. We have got to make sure that we notify our Members of Congress and talk to other Members. 
We have got to pay attention because this is just another example of when we are not paying attention, we lose our freedom. We lose our freedom. Our rights are diminished. 
diminished rights of our inventors, wages in this country will go down. Our competitiveness will go down. We will not be secure. We will not be prosperous. This is an important issue, yet they are trying to get this by with as little debate and as little attention as possible. 
has always been important to our country. If we didn’t have this patent protection that I am talking about, our country would be totally different. 
and see what our Founding Fathers had in mind, they wanted the little guys to be protected and have legal rights. This is what our country was all about. And the innovation and the rights of ownership, this was our innovation. This is what Benjamin Franklin talked about and put into our Constitution, and that has worked so well for us. 
If we cut off the little guys and if we 
make sure that they are not going to profit from their hard work and their struggle, we will not have the new technologies. We will not be the leader in technology in the world, and we will fall behind, and every one of us will be hurt by this. 
technology was to our society. One only needs to take a look here in the Halls of Congress. There is a statue here in the Capitol of Philo Farnsworth. 
Farnsworth was? They have done a special on him on education TV, I understand, on the History Channel. Philo Farnsworth was someone who really was important to our country, and there is a statue to Philo Farnsworth right here in the Capitol. 
He was a farmer in Utah, a man who 
was educated in engineering, but who had very little resources. In fact, he was a farmer. He set out between farming to try to find out and discover a technological secret that had perplexed some of the most powerful and financial interests in our country. 
the turn of the century in 1910 and 1920—was under a man named David Sarnoff. He was America’s premier executive at the premier technology company of the United States, a company that had vast resources and was deeply involved with trying to find out how to invent a picture tube. 
but they didn’t know how to make images on it. How could they make that radio tube show images? This is what they really were looking for, and they had invested so much in it. It was a huge challenge—an historic challenge—that RCA dumped millions of 
dollars of research into. However, they didn’t discover it. 
the picture tube—and it has had so much impact on the American way of life since everything we have—cell phones, computers, you name it—is based on a picture tube—was Philo Farnsworth. 
This independent inventor, this farmer from Utah, discovered the secret. He wrote RCA, naively believing that this big corporation would honor his discovery and permit him to at least have the benefit of being recognized as the person who made this discovery. 
from Philo Farnsworth, sent a representative to the laboratory there in Utah, which was in his barn, I believe. When he described to these top engineers from RCA what he had found, the scientists from RCA went away, saying: Oh, yes. We will be back in touch with you. 
touch once they learned of his secret, the thing that Philo knew was his. He ends up reading an announcement in a magazine of how RCA had made this major breakthrough, this discovery, except Philo knew. He was the one who had discovered it, and he was the one who had transmitted that information to RCA. This became one of the great jury and great legal battles of the 20th century. 
Philo Farnsworth, an individual person—not a wealthy person, the little guy—was up against the most powerful American corporation of the day, RCA, which had one of the strongest and toughest leaders. This corporate leader, David Sarnoff, had a whole stable full of tough, wellpaid lawyers, all of whom vowed not to give one penny to Philo Farnsworth and not to recognize him because RCA deserved to get the credit and the money. 
Philo Farnsworth was able to mobilize support behind his claim. People invested in Philo Farnsworth’s claim, and it went all the way to the Supreme Court. He was able to have people invest in his lawsuit. Slowly but surely, they made their way through the court system—as I say, all the way to the Supreme Court. 
God bless the United States of America. A poor, single man—an individual farmer—came up against one of the most powerful corporations in America at the time because he had invented something. 
Philo Farnsworth over this brutally powerful corporation in America. RCA was beaten by an individual farmer, but he had people who had invested in him. Had the same laws they are trying to promote now in H.R. 9 been in place, Philo Farnsworth and the other little guys who have invented things like this throughout our country’s history would have been betrayed. There would have been nothing he could have done because H.R. 9 would have prevented 
That is what H.R. 9 does. It says, if a 
big corporation has stolen from you and if somebody has invested in helping you with your invention, they then become liable if you have to sue to get your money. 
guys win—even if you are right and they win because they have better lawyers—anybody who invests in you has to pay part of the legal fees of these big corporations, which are millions of dollars of legal fees. 
No one is going to want to invest in 
a little guy like that. The Philo Farnsworths would be left out in the cold. The nature of our system would have been totally different than what it is today if we were to have had the provisions of H.R. 9, which they are trying to foist on us now. 
Black Americans happen to be some of the most inventive people in the United States. A lot of people don’t know that. If you look back in the history of the Patent Office, as I have been looking, what you will find is, while Black Americans were being discriminated against in general throughout our whole system, the Patent Office was the one place that they had equal rights to come up with their ideas and to say, ‘‘This is what I have discovered.’’ 
Black inventors. Maybe that is the reason former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, JOHN CONYERS , is taking 
my side in this debate on H.R. 9. He is opposed to that. 
We have a Black inventor, for example, who was the guy who invented the machine that permitted us to mass produce shoes. Before that time, Americans had one pair of shoes. We started to mass produce them because this Black American, struggling on his own because he was discriminated against like all Black Americans were in that day, managed to get his patent accepted, and he changed not only himself, but the whole country had shoes after that. Isn’t that wonderful? 
freedom for the little guy and not just for the big guys. They come up with the new ideas. They can uplift everybody and make sure everybody’s feet feel better. We are on the verge of losing that now. We are on the verge of losing that. 
When I go out in the hallway of Congress here, I see a statue to Philo Farnsworth. That is where it is. It is the statue of this Utah farmer who invented the picture tube and who had to take on the biggest company and the biggest corporate powers in the world, and he won. I will tell you that there is his statue there and that there is no statue to David Sarnoff, the corporate leader who tried to beat him down and steal his technology. 
he was; we respect the little guy in this country. We want the little guys to be 
able to have rights that are protected by our Constitution. That is why our Founding Fathers put it in the Constitution. 
Many of these megacorporations, especially electronic corporations, don’t care one bit about the wellbeing of the American people because they are multinational corporations now. 
maintain their rights, that we keep being the leaders of innovation, and that we are able to outcompete the world and not just take all of our jobs overseas and give them to cheap labor. We want to make sure that Americans benefit because this is what America is all about. It is where the little guy has the same rights legally, and they are protected. 
when it comes to H.R. 9. People need to talk to their congressmen, and the congressmen need to talk to each other about what this is really all about. It is easy to yawn when someone says: ‘‘I am going to discuss patent rights.’’ 
‘‘Oh, yeah, patent law. How boring.’’ It is not boring. It is going to make 
all the difference as to whether our country stays safe because we have to have the technological edge to be safe in the world we are getting into now. Our people are not going to have decent housing or a decent standard of 
living because the wealth that is produced isn’t produced just by hard work, it is produced by technological efficiency, and we have to be on the cutting edge, or we will be outcompeted by people overseas. This is going to determine what America is going to be like. 
in opposing H.R. 9. Let’s talk to the universities. Let’s talk to the other industries that are being hurt dramatically by this. Just talk to the inventors. Let the inventors know. 
KNIGHT ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the leadership for allowing this time on the floor to take up H. Res. 329. H. Res. 329 encourages the celebration of the month of June as LGBTQ Pride Month. 
because I have had some experiences in life that have caused me to understand why it is important that we do this. Someone might ask, Mr. Speaker: Why would you, ALGREEN —a person who is 
not gay, a person who is considered straight—bring a resolution to the floor, a resolution to celebrate and recognize some of the most notable events in the movement of the LGBTQ community? 
Let me explain why. I am a son of the 
South. More specifically, I am a son of the segregated South. I grew up at a 
time when my friends and neighbors denied me rights that the Constitution of the United States of America accorded me. 
I was forced to drink from colored water fountains. I was forced to ride at the back of the bus. I was a son of the segregated South, and as a son of the segregated South, I learned early in life what invidious discrimination was like. 
I learned what it smelled like because I had to go to filthy toilet facilities. I learned what it looked like because I saw the Klan burn crosses. I learned what it sounded like because I was called names that we no longer use in polite society. I am a son of the segregated South, and I know what discrimination looks like, feels like, smells like; I know what it hurts like. 
lives in the effort to try to bring about justice and equality for all. Medgar Evers lost his life, and Myrlie Evers still suffers to this day because she lost her husband in a worthy cause, in a cause for justice. 
I know what it is like, and I know 
that, notwithstanding my circumstance as a straight guy, I didn’t get here by myself. There were people who lived and died so that I could have the blessings that I have. Schwerner, Goodman, and Chaney died. Schwerner and Goodman were not Black. John Shillady died in Austin, Texas, fighting for the rights of Black people. John Shillady was not Black. Of the people who formed the NAACP in an effort to stop lynchings, which were almost commonplace, a good many of them were not Black. 
I have been the beneficiary of the efforts of people who do not look like me, of people who had blessings such that they could have gone on with their lives. There was no reason other than they wanted ‘‘justice for all’’ for them to take up my cause. 
there is a reason for it. You are blessed so that you may be a blessing to others. You have such that you may help those who have less or who have not. Hence, I find myself standing on the floor tonight of the Congress of the United States of America, proud to sponsor a resolution to encourage the celebration of the month of June as LGBTQ Pride Month. 
This resolution celebrates and recognizes some of the most notable events of the LGBTQ movement. 
what this resolution actually does, H. Res. 329. H. Res. 329 celebrates the accomplishments of Houston mayor Annise Parker, the first lesbian elected as mayor of Houston, Texas. 
only was she elected mayor of Houston, Texas, before she was mayor, she served as the city’s controller for 6 
years; and before serving in this capacity, she served on city council for 6 years. She has earned the right to be recognized, and I am proud to have her recognized in H. Res. 329. 
transgender community has done to spread awareness about tolerance and inclusion and encouraging the community to keep on working toward broader inclusion. We live in a society that has within its Pledge of Allegiance the words ‘‘liberty and justice for all.’’ 
of America, and I am proud to do so because I am a proud American. Liberty and justice for all, that means that we have to encourage liberty and justice for those who are in the transgender community and encourage them to keep on fighting for liberty and justice. 
This resolution recognizes the protesters who stood for human rights and dignity at Stonewall Inn on June 28, 1968, as some of the pioneers of the movement. It celebrates the gay rights organizations in major cities in the aftermath of the Stonewall uprising. 
After Stonewall, there was an uprising in a very positive way that took place. People realized that there was something they could do and should do to make sure that justice and equality were more than words for those who are members of the LGBTQ community. 
This resolution highlights the importance of the American Psychiatric Association removing homosexuality from its list of mental illnesses in December of 1973. There is a recognition in the medical community that we should not have and that we must undo what has been done by labeling people as mentally ill because they were being the persons that God created them to be. 
that God didn’t create any junk, and people who are homosexuals are not junk; they are not persons with a mental illness; they are people who deserve the dignity and respect of all human beings and the dignity and respect that we accord other human beings, and I stand here tonight as a friend of the community to make it known that there are people who are willing to stand alone and fight for the rights of others, notwithstanding any consequences that may be put upon them. 
Noble as the first LGBT candidate elected to a State legislature in 1974 and Barney Frank as the first Representative to come out as an openly gay Member of Congress in 1987. I had the preeminent privilege of knowing the Honorable Barney Frank. 
I served on the Committee on Financial Services when he was the chairperson of that committee. He was a person committed to human rights for all, to human dignity for all. I am proud to stand here tonight and say that he has become an honorary member of the persons who are sponsoring this resolution. By the way, there are many persons 
in Congress who are sponsoring this resolution, and I want to thank all of them for signing on to it. The Honorable Barney Frank is no longer in Congress. That is why he is listed as an honorary sponsor or cosponsor of the resolution. 
This resolution highlights the importance of the Civil Service Commission eliminating the ban on hiring homosexuals in most Federal jobs in 1975. It seems unimaginable and unthinkable that we had to have a civil rights commission to eliminate the ban on hiring persons because of their sexual preference, because of their sexual orientation. It just seems unimaginable, but it had to happen, and it did. 
Milk making national news when he was sworn in as an openly gay member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors on January 8, 1978. I remember when it happened. It was really big news in this country. Quite frankly, it took courage for him to do this, and the kind of courage that he showed, that he exemplified, has merited his being mentioned in this resolution, H. Res. 329. 
who participated in the National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights to demand equal civil rights in 1979 and the National March on Washington to demand that President Reagan address the AIDS crisis in 1987. 
they thought that the disease impacted a certain segment of society, did not readily respond with the hand of help that was available. I am grateful that President Reagan did take up this cause to help with the fight against AIDS. 
AIDS can impact anyone in our society, and I am proud that our government has spent money on this disease to help eliminate it, but we haven’t spent enough, and we haven’t done enough. I think we can do more, and we should do more. 
The resolution highlights the importance of the 1980 Democratic National Convention, where Democrats took a stance in support of gay rights. I am proud of my party. I happen to be a Democrat, but this is not a partisan effort, and the Democratic Party took that stance at a time when it wasn’t popular to take the stance. 
It has become popular now, to a certain extent and to a certain degree, to support gay rights and the rights of gay people, but in 1980, it was not nearly as popular as it is today, and the party took the step forward and in so doing brought a lot of others along with us. 
The resolution highlights the importance of the Supreme Court ruling in Romer v. Evans in May of 1996, which found a Colorado constitutional amendment preventing the enactment of protection for gays and lesbians unconstitutional. It is important that we challenge 
laws that prevent people from having equality of opportunity from receiving the same access to all that society has to offer as other people, and I am honored that the Colorado amendment preventing the enactment of protections for gays and lesbians was found unconstitutional. 
first State to legally recognize civil unions between gay and lesbian couples in 2000; and, my, have we come a long ways since 2000. We have come a long way because a good many people in this country now understand that the laws ought to apply equally to all, that the 14th Amendment is not for some, it is for all. 
who are indicating that these laws should apply appropriately to the LGBTQ community, these judges are not all gay judges. These are judges who are sworn to uphold the Constitution of the United States of America, and they are doing it because they know that it is the right thing to do. 
the case of gay marriage—in fact, is taking it up and will make a ruling sometime in the very near future. My hope is that the Supreme Court will honor the 14th Amendment and will allow the Constitution of the United States to apply to the members of the LGBTQ community to the same extent that it applies to people in other communities. 
are; it ought to give you justice because you happen to be a person that is a subject of the Constitution. It ought not peek to see if you are of a different hue or of a different sexual orientation. It ought to weigh equally all people and mete out justice to all the same. 
This resolution recognizes the importance of the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, which was signed into law on October 28, 2009, by President Obama, as it expanded the Federal hate crime laws to include crimes motivated by a victim’s actual or perceived gender, sexual orientation, or disability. People ought not be assaulted because of who they are. 
if you assault a police officer because you know that person is a police officer, then the crime that you will be charged with is enhanced, the punishment is enhanced. You will be punished more severely because you have assaulted a peace officer. This is a law in the State of Texas. 
of who that person happens to be and because you don’t happen to like that person because of the person’s gender, because of the person’s ethnicity, color, there ought to be a special punishment for you because you have gone out of your way to hurt somebody that you don’t know in a good many circumstances and you want to do it simply because you don’t like the way the 
person looks or you don’t like the person’s perceived sexual orientation. The law has been changed, and it punishes you if you decide that you are going to commit this type of crime. 
first year in which all 50 States had at least one LGBTQ elected official. All 50 States have now at least one person who is a part of the LGBTQ community holding public trust. People have come to understand that it is not the color of skin, it is not sexual orientation; it is the character within a person that determines whether or not a person ought to hold public trust, whether or not a person ought to be respected appropriately. It is the character, not the way the person is perceived in terms of color or sexual orientation. 
first openly gay United States Senator in January of 2013, and she has served her country well and merits this sort of recognition. 
The resolution highlights the importance of the Supreme Court ruling in the United States v. Windsor on June 26, 2013, which found that section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act, DOMA, found it unconstitutional and determined that the Federal Government cannot discriminate against married lesbian and gay couples for the purpose of determining Federal benefits and protections. 
United States of America, the same Supreme Court with conservative and liberal Justices on it. We don’t have to agree with everything the Supreme Court does, but I thank God I live in a country where we respect the decisions. We can differ with them. Even the Justices themselves differ about various opinions, but they respect the rulings of the Court. This Supreme Court has made such a ruling as it relates to the Defense of Marriage Act. 
States and the District of Columbia where it is now legal for samesex couples to get married. Literally, more than half of the States in the United States of America now permit same sex couples to get married—more than half of the States. 
This means that this country is moving toward, without a ruling from the Supreme Court, the notion that same sex couples should be allowed to not only love each other, but to marry each other, to have the same benefits that heterosexual couples have when they marry. 
Marriage is a great institution. I celebrate the institution of marriage. But the law, under the 14th Amendment, seems to indicate that we cannot prevent people who are of the same sex and who love each other from having the same opportunities that benefit from the institution of marriage that other people who are heterosexual have the opportunity of benefiting from. So the States that have decided that 
they would do this should be recognized. By the way, many of these States recognize samesex marriage because of judges in those States who have made rulings, because of legislatures in those States who have legislated, and because of people in those States who have voted. 
There are 37 States. The States include Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut. They are all States that recognize samesex marriage. Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, and Idaho are States that recognize same sex marriage. Indiana, Iowa, Illinois, Kansas, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, and Minnesota all recognize samesex marriage. Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, and Ohio all recognize samesex marriage. Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin are all States in the United States of America that recognize samesex marriage. 
present the resolution. And I am honored to do so because I know the importance of having people who were not of African ancestry who supported causes that made it possible for me to be here. 
I have a debt that I owe. I hope that 
tonight I have made a down payment on the retirement of that debt. Because somebody suffered so that I could have the opportunity to stand in the Congress of the United States of America and make this floor speech. No one could have—or would have—predicted at my birth that I would have the opportunity to be a Member of the Congress of the United States of America. 
find out what a 90pound German Shepherd bites like; somebody had to found out what a highpressure water hose stings like; somebody had to find out what going to jail feels like; somebody had to find out what losing someone that you love dearly to a cause hurts like. 
I am not here because I am so smart. 
I am here because there are people who were willing to make great sacrifices so that I could have the opportunities that I have. And because I have them, I have a debt that I owe. And I am here tonight to say that I am proud to stand with the LGBTQ community to help bring about the kind of justice for this community that I have enjoyed. 
about one thing. I am not saying that we have reached the panacea as it relates to the African American community. There is still great work to be done as evidenced by what happened in Charleston, South Carolina. There is still work to be done and still heavy lifting to do. But I am also very proud of some things that happened there. 
I happened to be in a position to be 
at the bond hearing that took place, and as I listened, I could not believe my ears when I heard a mother say, 
‘‘You took my son’’—took her hero, ‘‘but I forgive you. I forgive you.’’ Time and time again, persons said, ‘‘I forgive you.’’ 
I had tears well in my eyes because it 
takes a special person to say ‘‘I forgive you’’ so close to the event that is being forgiven or that the forgiveness addresses. It takes a special person. 
And I want to compliment the families of the persons who lost their lives in church. My God, in church, lost their lives in church. I want to commend those families for having what Dr. Martin Luther King called the strength to love. The strength to love. He wrote the book, ‘‘Strength to Love.’’ It is a collection of his sermons. And he makes it known to us in that book that it is not easy to love your enemy. It is not easy to forgive those who would persecute you. But he also makes it known in the book ‘‘Strength to Love’’ that that is what love is all about: loving those who would do ugly things to you, who would be spiteful, who would be evil. 
Charleston who have shown the strength to love are a supreme, superb, sterling example to the rest of this country of what we must do if we are to continue to live together such that we will have a future that will be void of the kind of behavior—the ugly, dastardly deed, if you will—that took place in that church. 
have a duty—an obligation, if you will—to learn to live together as brothers and sisters. We must learn to live together as brothers and sisters. Because if we don’t learn to live together as brothers and sisters, we will perish together as fools. 
for exhibiting the ultimate in the strength to love, and I thank God that I have been blessed. I pray that God will continue to give me the strength to be a blessing to others. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
hearing my friend from Texas, a former judge down in Houston, talk about love. I do love him as a Christian brother. We can disagree and still love each other. 
to find some of those of us who believe in the Book that used to be read here. It was a pretty common practice on the floor of the House on Sundays down in Statuary Hall, and even in this room, back when church services were held in the former House Chamber. 
coined the phrase, ‘‘separation of church and State.’’ It is not in the Constitution. It was in his letter to the 
Danbury Baptists. He came to a nondenominational Christian worship service down the hall. Of course, Thomas Jefferson would even bring the Marine Band and have them play hymns. Because although he made clear he believed in separation of church and State, and used that phrase, he didn’t see any problem with singing hymns and having the Marine Band play the hymns to accompany right here in the U.S. Capitol. 
at how prominent the Bible was in our founding, so much so that toward the end of June 1787, the Constitutional Convention was at wits’ end, having a great deal of trouble, and Randolph from Virginia made a motion that they all convene together on the Nation’s birthday and worship God together in services under the auspices of the Bible. They came back and were able to reach a conclusion that we call the Constitution. People like Alexander Hamilton said that clearly the finger of God was in that, and it all came into place after they worshipped the Lord and used the Bible in worship there in 1787. 
was such a prominent part of our founding throughout our history, now those of us that believe what is in the Bible are the ones who are now discriminated against. I have suffered it right here in this town, not to the extent of being harmed physically, of course. Physical threats are not uncommon, but they were there when I was a judge as well. 
comment the Book that has been read in this Capitol throughout our history, Romans 1:16: 
For I am not ashamed of the Gospel, for it 
is the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes, to the Jew first and also to the Greek. For in the righteousness of God is revealed from faith for faith, as it is written ‘‘The righteous shall live by faith.’’ 
heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who suppressed the truth and unrighteousness, because that which is known about God is evident within them, for God made it evident to them. For since the creation of the world, His invisible attributes, His eternal power, divine nature, have been clearly seen, being understood through what has been made so that they are without excuse. 
not honor Him as God or give thanks, but they became futile in their speculations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Professing to be wise, they became fools and exchanged the glory of the incorruptible God for an image in the form of corruptible man and of birds, fourfooted animals, crawling creatures. 
of their hearts to impurity that their bodies might be dishonored among them, for they exchanged the truth of God for a lie and worshipped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. 
For this reason, God gave them over to degrading passions. For their women exchanged the natural function for that which is unnatural; and in the same way, also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire for one another, men with men committing indecent acts. 
those who don’t, love those because we have all sinned one way or another— there is no room to hate anybody that has sinned, because we all have. We 
will be getting nasty, angry, bitter calls, as we often do when we refer to the Bible that helped give us our founding. 
I am deeply concerned that we have Supreme Court Justices, two of whom who have actually participated in samesex weddings, thereby showing how biased and partial they are in favor of such things, against the dignity and history of marriage in the country, marriage in the Bible. 
over our history, Moses said it came from God, that Moses, depicted right up above the center door, that a man shall leave his father and mother and a woman leave her home and the two will become one flesh. 
When Jesus was asked about marriage, he repeated it: For a man shall leave his father and mother, and a woman leave her home, and the two will become one flesh. And Jesus added: What God has joined together, let no man put asunder. 
So we have two Justices that have already indicated they believe otherwise than the law of Moses and Jesus, and they have shown themselves to be anything but impartial. 
Code 455, it is mandatory, they shall disqualify themselves. And if it turns out that they sit in judgment on a case in which they are clearly disqualified and a part of the majority, that cannot possibly be a legitimate law change, judges substituting their law for the law that this country has utilized throughout its history. 
substituted their judgment for State constitutions and laws. And for those who don’t believe the Bible, you have got nothing to worry about. But the indications are, in Romans 1, God’s protective hand will be withdrawn when we continue to abandon the Nation’s founding. 
many were involved in, the movement to make the Constitution mean just what it said. We really shouldn’t have had to have a 14th Amendment. Everybody should have been equal under the law. But it took an amendment, took a civil rights movement, to apply it across the board. 
oligarchs, as they have been, and they will be making decisions, rather than elected officials, and we will see how much longer the Nation lasts. 
in me, but I will be accused of being hatemonger this, hatemonger that. 
leadership, Mr. Speaker. This is The Hill: ‘‘Obama Poised for Huge Win on Trade.’’ 
Speaker, our Republican leadership, for pushing through the trade deal, leader MCCONNELL , down the hall. The President could not have gotten this ability to fasttrack, to make deals that we won’t know about, without the Republican leadership making that happen for him. Of course, nobody that I know of on the Republican side ran promising that we would get such ability for President Obama, but congratulations go there. 
enough to congratulate my own Republican leadership. I mean, I have congratulated our Speaker before when he was chairman of the Education Committee. As President Bush cited in his book, our nowSpeaker was very important, very instrumental in getting No Child Left Behind pushed through. 
in November 2010, got it back that December, deals were worked out that cost the country a lot of spending, raised the debt a great deal. Since then, although we continue to promise that we are going to do something about the debt, we continue to give the President almost a blank check. 
Congratulations on enabling the President to make these kind of deals. Then we will see if this law, TPA, is finally one the President abides by and gives us notice, timely, as he hasn’t done in so many other areas, like Guantanamo and releasing people from Guantanamo. 
congratulations then would go to the CommanderinChief. Because I don’t know that this would be the lion lying down with the lamb, if this lamb is the Iranian militarybacked forces. 
The U.S. military and Iranianbacked Shiite militias are getting closer and closer in Iraq, even sharing a base, while Iran uses those militias to expand its influence in Iraq and fight alongside the Bashar alAssad regime in neighboring Syria. 
Two senior administration officials confirmed to us the U.S. soldiers and Shiite militia groups are both using the Taqaddum military base in Anbar, the same Iraqi base where President Obama is sending an additional 450 U.S. military personnel to help train the local forces fighting against the Islamic State. Some of the Iranbacked Shiite militias at the base have killed American soldiers in the past. 
fear that sharing the base puts U.S. soldiers at risk. The U.S. intelligence community has reported back to Washington that representatives of some of the more extreme militias have been spying on U.S. operations at Taqaddum, one senior administration official told us. That could be calamitous if the fragile relationship between the U.S. military and the Shiite militia comes apart and Iranbacked forces decide to again target U.S. troops. 
American critics of this growing cooperation between the U.S. military and the Iranianbacked militias call it a betrayal of the U.S. personnel who fought against the militias during the 10year U.S. occupation of Iraq. 
‘‘It’s an insult to the families of the American soldiers that were wounded and killed in battles in which the Shia militias were the enemy,’’ Senate Armed Services Chairman JOHNMCCAINtold us. ‘‘Now, providing arms 
to them and supporting them, it’s very hard for those families to understand.’’ 
units of what are known as the Popular Mobilization Forces, which include tens of thousands of Iraqis who have volunteered to fight against the Islamic State as well as thousands of hardened militants who ultimately answer to militia leaders loyal to Tehran. But the U.S. is flying close air support missions for those forces. 
the Iraqi Government and the Iraqi Security Forces, but the lines between them and the militias are blurry. U.S. weapons often fall into the hands of militias, like Iraqi Hezbollah. Sometimes the military cooperation is even more explicit. Commanders of some of the hardline militias sit in on U.S. military briefings on operations that were meant for the governmentcontrolled Iraqi Security Forces, a senior administration official said. 
that have killed Americans was seen as unavoidable as the U.S. marshaled Iraqis against the Islamic State, but could prove counterproductive to U.S. interests in the long term, this official said. 
The militias comprise largely Shiite volunteers and are headed by the leader of the Iraqi Hezbollah, Abu Mahdi alMuhandis. He was sanctioned in 2009 by the Treasury Department for destabilizing Iraq. AlMuhandis is a close associate of Qasem Suleimani, the Iranian Quds Force commander, who has snapped selfies with the militia leader at key battles. 
the fighting against the Islamic State include the League of the Righteous which, in 2007, carried out a brutal roadside execution of five U.S. soldiers near Karbala. The group to this day boasts of its killing of U.S. soldiers. In an interview in February, a spokesman for the militia defended the killings and said his militia had killed many more American soldiers. 
Members of these groups have also been deployed by Iran to defend the Assad regime in neighboring Syria. James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, confirmed in a June 3 letter to seven Republican Senators, which we obtained, that ‘‘Iran and Hezbollah have also leveraged allied Iraqi Shia militant and terrorist groups, which receive training in Iran, to participate in the pro Assad operations.’’ 
human rights abuses and battlefield atrocities in Sunni areas where they have fought. The State Department heavily criticized Iran’s support for the Iraqi militias and those militias’ behavior in its annual report on worldwide terrorism, released last week. 
Further down: With the deadline approaching for a nuclear deal that would place up to $150 billion in the hands of Iran, the U.S. is now openly acknowledging in its annual report on international terrorism that Iran is supporting a foreign legion, comprising Afghans, Iraqis, and Lebanese fighters to defend Iranian interests throughout the Middle East. 
But the U.S. response to this is inconsistent. In Iraq, America is fighting alongside Iranianbacked militias. In Syria, U.S. supported forces are fighting against those 
same militias. The tragedy of this policy is that the Islamic State has been able to hold and expand its territory in Iraq and Syria, while Iran has been able to tighten its grip on Baghdad. 
will immediately see the irrevocable destruction of Hezbollah. Thousands of our troops have been incapacitated and mangled by IEDs from Hezbollah and other Shiite groups in Iraq, all funded by Obama’s ally, Iran. Anyone who was around in 1983 will remember the 241 American servicemen who were killed in the Hezbollah terror attack in Beirut. 
Guess what Obama is doing with them? Eli Lake reports at Bloomberg News that 
our troops are sharing a base with Hezbollah controlled Shiite forces, and we are bailing them out of their humiliating loss to the Islamic State. 
The article goes on, but it is just exceedingly tragic; but it explains why the President has been unable to state that we have a clear strategy in the Middle East because, on the one hand, we have had the United States military give their lives fighting against the tyranny and the atrocities of Hezbollah. 
President, the Commander in Chief, who commands over our forces that he has put in the same camp with Hezbollah. The hope, apparently, of the administration is, even though they are still bragging in Hezbollah about killing American soldiers, that maybe by having them camp in the same camp, they won’t be killing them now. You have got to love that optimism. 
troops being forced to come together with people like Hezbollah—that want to kill them, have killed them, have maimed them, Hezbollah is clearly supported by Iran—then we get this, ‘‘AP Exclusive: Document outlines big power nuke help to Iran,’’ George Jahn, dated today, from Vienna. 
The United States and other nations negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran are ready to offer hightech reactors and other stateof theart equipment to Tehran if it agrees to crimp programs that can make atomic bombs, according to a confidential document obtained Tuesday by the Associated Press. 
The draft document—one of several technical appendixes meant to accompany the main text of any deal—has dozens of bracketed texts where disagreements remain. Technical cooperation is the least controversial issue at the talks, and the number of brackets suggest the sides have a ways to go not only on the topic but also more contentious disputes with little more than a week until the June 30 deadline for a deal. 
leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, on Tuesday rejected a longterm freeze on nuclear research and supported banning international inspectors from accessing military sites. Khamenei, in comments broadcast on Iranian state television, also said Iran will sign a final deal provided all economic sanctions now in Iran are first lifted—in a sign the Islamic Republic may be toughening its stance ahead of the deadline. In any event, that is great news. 
passed a bill that turned requirements for authorization of treaties upside down. Instead of having twothirds of the Senate required to approve a deal, we have flipped it. Now, it will take twothirds of a vote in the House and Senate to disapprove a deal. That makes it easier for the President to give Iran the nuclear reactors they are hoping. 
past years; but here, in negotiating with Iran, one of our lead negotiators was the same person who was involved in the Clinton administration negotiations with North Korea, where they cut this wonderful deal basically saying, in essence, we will give you nuclear reactors for power if you will just promise that you won’t use them to make nuclear weapons. 
you want is a promise from a dishonest leader that I won’t use them to make nukes? Sure, I will promise you that. Bring on the nuclear power plants. 
Those came, and they were converted. Now, North Korea is helping with parts of the evil empire to develop nuclear weapons of their own. 
that kind of deal with North Korea sent to negotiate with Iran, we should have known that this would be coming: Hey, we will give you nuclear reactors. We will help you make it happen. We just don’t want you to use them to make nuclear weapons. 
leaders have been so evil in the way they have pursued Israel, in the way they have pursued Americans, continuing to brag about killing Americans, I don’t think anybody should really be surprised if this deal gets cut and then Iran goes ahead and uses what we provide them or the P5+1 provides them in order to make nuclear weapons more quickly than they could have without this kind of deal. 
the Republican leaders in the House and Senate for pushing through the authority for the President to have the ability to make these kinds of deals. Who says I can’t be magnanimous and thank Republican leaders? 
up and understand, the deal that has been negotiated is deadly to our ally Israel; it is deadly to the United States. Make it clear that any party that hopes to have any chance of having a President elected from their party better not be part of the deal with Iran because it is going to get more Americans and Israelis killed. 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed 
H.R. 533. An act to revoke the charter of 
incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes. 
Senate concurs in the House amendment to the Senate amendment with an amendment to the bill (H.R. 1295) ‘‘An Act to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes.’’. 
Senate has passed a concurrent resolution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. Con. Res. 19. Concurrent resolution providing for a conditional adjournment or recess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
Senate insists upon its amendment to the bill (H.R. 644) ‘‘An Act to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes.’’, and request a conference with the House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and appoints Mr. HATCH , Mr. C ORNYN, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mrs. S TABE NOW to be the conferees on the part of 
Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. FOXX) at 8 o’clock and 32 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1295, TRADE PREFERENCES EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–179) on the resolution (H. Res. 338) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a medical procedure. 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penaltyfree withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 25, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the ‘‘20122013 Report to Congress on Organ Donation and the Recovery, Preservation, and Transportation of Organs’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 274f 4, added by Pub. L. 108216, the Organ Donation and Recovery Improvement Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s FY 2014 annual Performance Report to Congress, pursuant to the Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Country Reports on Terrorism 2014’’, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2656f; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report consistent with the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Pub. L. 107 243) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution (Pub. L. 1021), for the February 14, 2015, to April 15, 2015 reporting period.; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the ‘‘Report on External Quality Control Review’’ for the year ending on September 30, 2014; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of The President, transmitting the ‘‘2014 Report to Congress on the Benefits and Costs of Federal Regulations and Unfunded Mandates on State, Local, and Tribal Entities’’, as required by 31 U.S.C. 1105 note and 2 U.S.C. 15311538; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1915. A letter from the Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des 
Moines 2014 management report and financial statements, pursuant to the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘District of Columbia Agencies’ Compliance with Fiscal Year 2015 Small Business Enterprise Expenditure Goals through the 2nd Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1919. A letter from the Acting Commissioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting the semiannual report to Congress from the Social Security Administration Office of Inspector General during the period from October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; SmallMesh Multispecies Specifications [Docket No.: 150205118544302] (RIN: 0648BE87) received June 22, 2015, pursuant to 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ways and Means. S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide Medicare beneficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices (Rept. 114–178 Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
Res. 338. A resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1295) to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–179). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for herself, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and political subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2868. A bill to amend title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for entrepreneurs with small businesses with respect to medical care for their employees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2869. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to permit cooperative governing of public entity health benefits through local governments in secondary States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Mr. MCGOVERN ): 
H.R. 2870. A bill to amend the Torture Victims Relief Act of 1998 to authorize appropriations to provide assistance for domestic and foreign programs and centers for the treatment of victims of torture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HOLLEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. M EEKS , 
York, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 2871. A bill to provide an incentive for 
firearm owners to sell their firearms safely and responsibly; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Substances Act to modernize the treatment of opioid addiction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Ms. 
requiring lowwage employees to enter into covenants not to compete, to require employers to notify potential employees of any requirement to enter into a covenant not to 
compete, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. D UNCAN  
FINCHER , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. J ORDAN , 
H.R. 2874. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any discharge of indebtedness income on education loans of deceased veterans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. N ADLER, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
NORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. C LAY, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
H.R. 2875. A bill to encourage greater community accountability of law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. HUNTER , and Mr. V ELA): 
of vessels in the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Federal officer to coordinate efforts to secure the release of United States persons who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 2878. A bill to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. H AHN, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. J ACKSON  
Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. M EADOWS ): 
H.R. 2881. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of applicable large employer for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. M EEKS , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
H.R. 2882. A bill to support Promise Neighborhoods; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. 
H.R. 2883. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the publicly traded partnership ownership structure to energy power generation projects and transportation fuels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to eliminate the firewalls between defense and nondefense discretionary spending limits; to the Committee on the Budget. 
NEAL, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
MOULTON , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L YNCH , 
H.R. 2885. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from income and employment taxes real property tax abatements for seniors and disabled individuals in exchange for services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H IMES, Ms. L EE, 
Mr. L YNCH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to the authority of Congress and the States to regulate contributions and expenditures in political campaigns and to enact public financing systems for such campaigns; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the need to create a small donor and public finance system for Congressional elections; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. SALMON, Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. B EYER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. 
H. Res. 337. A resolution calling for substantive dialogue, without preconditions, in order to address Tibetan grievances and secure a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the 25th anniversary of democracy in Mongolia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2867. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the U.S. or by any state on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude. 
H.R. 2868. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes), and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). 
H.R. 2869. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
1. regulate commerce . . . among the several states . . . as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, and 
United States as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 2870. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2871. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 or Article I fo the 
H.R. 2872. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2873. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power [...] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States...’’ 
H.R. 2874. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 2875. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to the United States Constitution. This provision grants Congress the authority to enact appropriate laws protecting the civil rights of all Americans; and 
States Constitution. This provision prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures. 
H.R. 2876. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United 
H.R. 2877. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2878. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 2879. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 providing for the general welfare of the United States 
H.R. 2880. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2881. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2882. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the ability to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces. 
H.R. 2883. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2884. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2885. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 58. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. P AULSEN, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. H UNTER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. R IGELL , 
Mr. C HABOT , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 20: Ms. B ASSand Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 213: Mr. V ARGAS and Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 379: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. W HITFIELD , Ms. 
H.R. 539: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P OSEY , Ms. L EE, 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 540: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
H.R. 611: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
H.R. 692: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. K LINE, 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. 
H.R. 775: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
MATSUI , Mr. M ULLIN , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  
H.R. 840: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Ms. 
H.R. 885: Mr. S ARBANES and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 918: Mr. I SSA, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
H.R. 969: Mr. S CHRADER and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.R. 1019: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. O LSON , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. B ERA, and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of 
H.R. 1120: Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 1132: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. N UNES , Ms. 
H.R. 1233: Mr. K LINE and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1301: Ms. H AHNand Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
H.R. 1462: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. N EAL, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 1516: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. B ARLETTA , and 
H.R. 1653: Mr. G RIJALVA and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H.R. 1654: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. C OSTELLO  
H.R. 1655: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1680: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
H.R. 1728: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1743: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. P OLIS, and 
H.R. 1769: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1801: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah and Ms. R OS 
H.R. 1893: Mr. B UCK, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. F LORES, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1901: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1950: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. B LUM, Mrs. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. P ITTENGER and 
H.R. 2140: Mr. D OGGETT and Mr. R USSELL  
H.R. 2169: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P OCAN and Mr. 
H.R. 2191: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2280: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
H.R. 2285: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 2290: Mr. C RENSHAW and Mr. E MMER of 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2355: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS and 
H.R. 2362: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and 
H.R. 2406: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, and Mr. 
H.R. 2530: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
H.R. 2595: Mr. H UFFMAN and Ms. B ROWNLEY  
H.R. 2602: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. E STY, and Mr. 
H.R. 2615: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. O’R OURKE , 
Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
H.R. 2646: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. 
H.R. 2653: Mr. F LEISCHMANN and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 2662: Mr. C OOPER and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. A USTINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. M OONEY of 
H.R. 2726: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
H.R. 2742: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
H.R. 2762: Ms. E SHOO and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. B UCK, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
HURTof Virginia, Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 2805: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 2826: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. C OSTA . 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. G ALLEGO and Mr. 
H. Res. 112: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. W EBER of 
O’ROURKE , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
H. Res. 294: Mr. U PTON , Mr. L AMALFA , and 
H. Res. 310: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. 
MILLER of Michigan, and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H. Res. 324: Ms. L EE, Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. 
H. Res. 329: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. L EWIS, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. D AVIS of 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO. 4: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 5: Page 70, line 3, after the 
AMENDMENT NO. 6: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 7: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 8: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to issue any final 
rule pursuant to the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 
AMENDMENT NO. 9: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to lobby in contravention of section 1913 of title 18, United States Code, on behalf of the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’ Under the Clean Water Act’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 22188; April 21, 2014). 
further , That an entity shall not be an eligible recipient for a grant under this paragraph unless the entity has experienced at least 15 percent population loss since 1970, as 
measured by data from the 2010 decennial census and has experienced prolonged population, income, and employment loss resulting in substantial levels of housing vacancy and abandonment and such housing vacancies and abandonments are concentrated in more than one neighborhood or geographic area within a jurisdiction or jurisdictions.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 16: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, add the following new section: 
this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to finalize, approve, or implement the Great 
Basin Region Greater SageGrouse Proposed Land Use Plan Amendments for the SubRegions of Idaho and Southwestern Montana, Nevada and Northeastern California, Oregon and Utah; the Rocky Mountain Region Greater SageGrouse Proposed Land Use Plan Amendments for the Wyoming, Northwest Colorado, Lewistown, and North Dakota SubRegions; the Proposed Resource Management Plan for the Billings and Pompeys Pillar National Monument Resource Management Plan Revision; the HiLine District Proposed Resource Management Plan; the Miles City Field Office Proposed Resource Management Plan; Proposed Resource Management Plan for the Bighorn Basin Resource Management Plan Revision; the Proposed Resource Management Plan for the Buffalo, Wyoming Resource Management Plan Revision; and the South Dakota Field Office Proposed Resource Management Plan developed pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712) or section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). H.R. 2822 
further , That none of such funds and appropriations may be used to enforce any prohibition under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.) or the Act of June 8, 1940 (chapter 278; 16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.; popularly known as the Bald Eagle Protection Act) on the accidental taking of birds, before the date of the issuance of a rule that exempts such takings from such prohibitions’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 18: At the end of the bill 
AND GAS LEASE SALE 260 FROM LEASING PRO GRAM  
by this Act may be used to remove oil and gas lease sale 260 from the Draft Proposed Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Oil and Gas Leasing Program for 20172022 (DPP), or from any subsequent proposed or final iteration of such Program. 
AMENDMENT NO. 19: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to used to treat any gray wolf ( Canis lupus ) in Washington, Oregon, or Utah as an endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4557 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 2015 No. 102 