am pleased that after 55 months in control, my Republican friends have scheduled their first hearing on transportation and finance. This is a very important, very welcome development, as welcome as it is long overdue. I appreciate my friend, PAULRYAN, the chairman of the committee, keeping his word that we would actually have a 
going to be one that is more or less perfunctory, sort of a plain vanilla, or whether it is going to be the start of a critical dialogue involving not just ideologues, but the people who do more than just study the issue, hear from the vast army of people who plan, build, maintain, and use our transportation infrastructure. Theirs is a unique, shared, forceful vision. Congress should spend the time not just to listen to those stakeholders, but to understand how they got to where they are and what we need to do. 
just get past the next transportation deadline, which is looming next month, which would be the 34th shortterm extension. Just as bad or worse, we would fail to give the country the bold transportation investment that is so sorely needed. 
The next hearings are even more important following next Wednesday’s effort. That is the time to actually follow regular order, to debate real options. 
years of working on transportation funding, it is still the simplest, the best, and the most widely supported. It is the widest coalition, in fact, of any major issue confronting people on Capitol Hill. It includes the AFL–CIO, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, contractors, transit, local government, bicyclists, engineers. It includes the AAA, representing automobile users, and the American Trucking Association. They all support, for the first time in 22 years, raising the Federal gas tax. 
We are in the problem we are in now 
because we are paying for 2015 transportation needs with 1993 dollars. It doesn’t work. 
gas tax, index the gas tax, but work to abolish the gas tax because it is no 
longer a sustainable longterm solution. We can, in fact, replace it with a much more viable, effective, fair system based on road user charges, which we are experimenting with in Oregon, and States around the country are looking at. 
and do our job on the gas tax. It is interesting that six red States have already raised the gas tax this year. If it was good enough for Eisenhower, if it was good enough for Ronald Reagan, who used his Thanksgiving Day speech in 1982 to summon Congress back to more than double the gas tax, which he and Tip O’Neill did, it ought to be good enough for us today. 
Let’s discuss, examine, and understand all the viable solutions, the health of our infrastructure, our economy, and the impacts on the people we serve. 
must meet three tests: It must raise enough to do the job of giving America its first 6year transportation bill since 
1998; it must be dedicated to allow the certainty to be able to build a transportation vision for the future; and it must be sustainable so that we don’t end up back in the same place in a year or 2 or 4 or even 5. 
My legislation would provide 210 additional billion dollars, enough for the transportation committee to fashion that vision for the future. It is ironclad dedicated over the next 6 years, but it is sustainable because, if Congress hasn’t moved to abolish the gas tax by then, at least we don’t fall off a cliff. 
the best infrastructure in the world. Sadly, that time has passed. There was a time when infrastructure used to be bipartisan. I am hopeful that if we step up to the plate, approach it in a bipartisan fashion, we can do the job so that we start repairing infrastructure that is now rated 25th or 27th in the world, and going down. 
We no longer have the finest infrastructure, but we can be bipartisan and thoughtful. We can reverse this 20year slide. We can put hundreds of thousands of people to work across America at familywage jobs this year and rebuild and renew America so our families are safer, healthier, and more economically secure. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) for 5 minutes. 
TPP, TTIP, WTO, GATT, fast track, to the American people, we have made the ability to understand trade relations with other nations nigh on impossible. 
economists are issuing clarion calls to free trade. We all like free trade, but these same advocates insist that we do it fast, you know, put it on a fast track with ‘‘trade promotional authority.’’ Listening to these experts, they insist that we cannot do trade without it. Never mind that for 160 years we negotiated without it under the guide of the Constitution and the watchful eye of the Representatives of the people. 
be secret: Don’t worry. The trade agreements are complex. They will give us the final agreement, and we will have a little bit of time to look it over. Can’t change it. Just look it over, and then you can have a simple upor down vote that could bind America to the terms of other nations. 
just like NAFTA, just like the world trade agreement, just like CAFTA. We were reassured then that those would fix everything. We passed them. We are still waiting for those jobs. 
Americans need to ask a few questions of us in this body before we commit to something that could have decades of impact. 
transnational commission with a living agreement clause to change it. Why would we surrender congressional authority of a twothirds vote to stand guard against something that could 
possibly driving them toward Russia, and create cold war II. The Army Chief of Staff saw a need this week to ease tensions with China. Why would we want to increase them with antiChinese trade rhetoric? You think military spending is high now; try it in a cold war or worse. Let’s trade with China instead, not make them our adversary. 
links or even a gradual upsurge in Western protectionism toward China would have a profound impact on the world’s wellbeing. Why would we pursue a path that most likely creates tension that could spill over in other areas with devastating consequences, sending ripples throughout the world? The current President’s talent for negotiation among nations should be measured by his foreign policy. Have we forgotten the line in the sand, the arming of al Qaeda and other nefarious Syrian rebels to fight Assad, only to watch them become ISIS, and then dismiss them as a JV team, only to see them tear through Iraq, which fell apart after we abandoned it, after we were assured that they could stand on their own if we left early? Now, there is no strategy to fix it. Then there is the Arab Spring, which has morphed into the potential for a nuclear winter with Iran. Let’s not forget Crimea and Ukraine. I can go on. 
Lucy holding the football, we are told that the President needs the power to negotiate. If we just come and take a kick at it, all will be well. 
American jobs, capital, manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, agricultural, and, contrary to economic theorists, even American law. One only has to look at the case of Australia’s law that made generic packaging required on cigarettes. The law was challenged by a cigarette company who went treaty shopping by using its Hong Kong subsidiary and was able to interfere with Australia’s law because of her treaty with Hong Kong. 
antiChinese rhetoric. China is an enormous trading partner, a holder of large amounts of U.S. Treasury bonds that have kept interest rates low and our purchasing power at the store high. They are not our enemy. Yet the rhetoric coming from the White House and the architects of the TPA bill seem set on antiChinese dictums to make their case. 
establish some rules of the road as competitors rather than laying the track for the smashup derby. It will take time, it will be hard, but dialogue and diplomacy are better than tanks and Tomahawks. We can do this without turning it into a foreign policy disaster that gives the President and Congress a chance to make China our enemy. 
TPA, but we have to lead. TPA without leadership is less valuable than leadership without TPA. Among the proposed Pacific Partnership’s 11 other nations, we already have highstandard, free trade agreements with seven of them. We do not have to subject ourselves to this multilateral trade treaty to work with them, and we certainly should not do it fast by granting TPA to a President that has exhibited poor leadership in foreign affairs. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the House of Representatives will be asked to grease the skids for the last and worst trade agreement in a 20 year history of jobkilling trade agreements. I say ‘‘last’’ because this is a new concept. It is a living trade agreement. Anybody can access to it in the future. All they have to do is say: We pretend—or will pretend—to follow the very weak rules of this trade agreement. 
When the President began the negotiations, China was concerned because he talked about the pivot to Asia, confronting China. Now China is saying: Hey, we want in. This is great. We know how to game it. We can take away the last of your manufacturing, and we are not going to let it just go to Japan who is already in the agreement. 
among them is something called the investorstate dispute resolution process. What is that? It means there will be a special private court set up for corporations to challenge our domestic laws, any and all domestic laws, that they find to be trade restrictive. 
and said those of us who are critical of this are making things up because we said they can repeal otherwise. Now, the President danced on the head of a rhetorical pin there, a bit duplicitously. He is right. They can’t make us repeal our laws. We can pay to keep them. 
pay to keep our laws that protect consumers, and we can pay to protect our laws that protect the environment or labor or Buy America or anything else. We can keep them if we want to pay. 
Here are four examples: Yesterday, the House of Representatives repealed requirements that meat, poultry be labeled as to country of origin. American consumers would kind of like to know. We have got enough problems in our own industry here. We would like to know if this stuff is coming overseas from someplace where maybe the sanitary conditions aren’t quite so good. Well, we lost a trade dispute on that issue. 
wanted to pay billions of dollars or, no, a Republican rush to repeal the law. It makes a few giant agribusiness companies happy. Of course, it kind of sticks it to the domestic producers who know they are producing a good product. That is one loss. 
one. We provide these bizarre subsidies through our foreign program, and one of them goes to cotton. 
therefore, putting Brazil at a disadvantage. For years, we paid Brazil $147 million a year so we could keep subsidizing our cotton producers. Isn’t that great? 
producers. Last year, we got a settlement out of them. They are going to give us a 3year grace. We gave them a onetime $300 million penalty, and they won’t challenge it again until 2018. 
Now, Mexican trucks—personally involved in this one—they don’t have meaningful driver’s licenses; they don’t have hours of service standards; they don’t have drug testing; they don’t have alcohol testing, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, so we didn’t want them ranging around the United States of America. We passed a bill almost unanimously in the House to prevent that. 
tribunals; they won. The Obama administration caved under threats of billions of dollars of punitive tariffs against the U.S. to allow those Mexican trucks free and permanent access to the highways of the United States of America. 
right, Mr. President—no, you are not right, Mr. President; actually, you are wrong on that one. 
we just wanted to say the Mexicans go out and slaughter dolphins to catch tuna. They cast the nets over the dolphins who swim on top of the tuna. There are some people who thought: well, hey, it would be good marketing for StarKist and others if we had dolphinsafe tuna, where people don’t slaughter dolphins to get the tuna. 
Well, Mexico won a trade dispute saying: no, you can’t do that, that is trade restricted; you can pay us not to slaughter dolphins, or we can slaughter dolphins, and you can’t label those cans as dolphinsafe tuna. 
technically right. They can’t force us to repeal our laws. They can just blackmail us to repeal our laws in secret tribunals. 
a statetostate resolution. The TPP that this trade promotion authority facilitates allows corporations special standing to go to a special private secret tribunal, only available to corporations, to challenge our laws. 
Just think of the mischief in the future. One will certainly be pharmaceuticals. Most certainly, they will challenge the requirement that we negotiate lower drug prices for our veterans and people on Medicaid, and they will win. 
to repeal the subsidies for those drugs or the reduced price. We can just pay the pharmaceutical industry tens of billions of dollars to keep providing affordable drugs to veterans and seniors. 
This is a great day for America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. WIMBERLEY, TEXAS, IS MAKING A 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) for 5 minutes. 
until several weeks ago, my State of Texas experienced a drought so severe that water levels were reduced to historic lows while conservation efforts were set to alltime highs. Lakes and reservoirs were bone dry. Wildfires were a constant threat. 
In a cruel twist of fate, Texas is now 
recovering from the worst flooding in recent memory. Rivers overflowed, and dams burst. 
miles southwest of the Texas capital, water rushed over the banks of the Blanco River with enough force to rip houses off their foundations and carry cars like they were toys. Loved ones were lost. Belongings and memories were washed away. 
death, destruction, and disbelief. I have met with first responders, toured flood damage, and spoke to the National Guard and regional FEMA officers about response and recovery operations. My office established a response center in town to help with the recovery process. 
mourning, the strong Texas spirit of resolve has proven more powerful than Mother Nature’s fury. Just this week, a nearby newspaper ran the headline, ‘‘Hard hit by flood, Wimberley assures tourists: We’re open for business.’’ I personally might add ‘‘wide open for business.’’ 
is what we do. Today, just a few weeks since the rains eased and the floodwaters subsided, Wimberley is making a comeback. Nearly all of the businesses in downtown Wimberley have reopened. 
Cathy Moreman, the executive director of the Wimberley Valley Chamber of Commerce, told my office they have had offers of help from around the country. Locals and visitors alike have come in and out and offered much in help from rescue to cleanup efforts. She said the outpouring of support has been astounding. 
when I cite the Texas spirit of resolve. We have and will continue to take care of each other, look out for our neighbors, and together push forward. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) for 5 minutes. 
in my home State of Hawaii, we are celebrating King Kamehameha Day to 
honor the legacy of King Kamehameha I, who established the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1810. 
nation to be vibrant, its citizens must feel safe and secure. He proclaimed the Kanawai Mamalahoe, the Law of the Splintered Paddle, as the law of the land. This law, still enshrined in the Hawaii State Constitution today, protects the unalienable rights of all men and women to be safe and secure in their home. 
Kamehameha also knew that, to ensure the health, safety, and welfare of his people, it was imperative to create economic opportunities. He invested resources to maintain viable fish ponds and taro patches, protect freshwater streams, fertile soils, and forestlands; he built schools and trained an entire new generation of leaders. 
is a true day of aloha for the people of Hawaii. Those who are visiting the Capitol this week may have seen the many fragrant and beautiful flower leis draped on the statue of King Kamehameha in Emancipation Hall. 
State, there will be further leidraping ceremonies taking place to pay homage to the legacy of Hawaii’s first King. 
embody the servant leadership and the humility of leaders like King Kamehameha I. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. 
rise to discuss the IRS response letter that was sent to me and 51 of my colleagues asking for an investigation of 
letter. It is dated May 21. What we received back, Mr. Speaker, from the IRS was simply a form letter. It was addressed, ‘‘Dear Sir or Madam,’’ not even my name. The director of the Exempt Organizations Examinations didn’t even take the time to sign the letter. 
What we have is this: the IRS has so 
little respect for Members of Congress who are asking a question, who are seeking clarity on behalf of their constituents, that they respond to a congressional inquiry with a letter that is a form letter, not even signed. Well, you can imagine that we were a little bit surprised by this. 
these foreign donations that are coming into the Clinton Foundation? 
because when you go to charitynavigator.org, which many of our colleagues or our constituents would do, and you pull up, you enter in the search engine ‘‘the Bill, Hillary, and Chelsea Clinton Foundation,’’ what comes up is this: 
We don’t evaluate Bill, Hillary, and Chelsea Clinton Foundation. Why not? We have determined that this charity’s atypical business model cannot be accurately captured in our current rating methodology. 
How interesting is that; how very interesting. The American people are wanting to know how this charity keeps a notforprofit status and how they conduct business. It is appropriate that we write the IRS and ask for clarity on this situation, doing it on behalf of our constituents who are seeking answers to questions. 
Now, I have to tell you, we know that 
there is no shortage of pens in the executive branch of this government. The President has said he has got a pen and a phone and he will work around Congress if he needs to. We understand that. 
IRS. We know that they have just chosen to dismiss what we have asked for, which is clarity. We have a divided government; we have a system of checks and balances, and we do expect to have a response from the IRS that addresses the structure of this organization. 
Mr. Speaker, we are going to continue to follow this issue. We have found it quite amusing that this is how they would choose to address the inquiry and that this is the attitude that they are taking. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY , INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE , T AX 
DEARSIR OR MADAM : Thank you for the information you submitted regarding The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation. The Internal Revenue Service has an ongoing examination program to ensure that exempt organizations comply with the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The information you submitted will be considered in this program. 
Internal Revenue Code section 6103 protects the privacy of tax returns and tax return information of all taxpayers. Therefore, we cannot disclose the status of any investigation. If, at a later date, you have additional information that you believe is relevant to this matter, please attach a copy of this letter to the information and send it to the address shown above. 
this matter to our attention. If you have additional questions, please call Customer Account Services. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, recently, I visited Warrenton High School in a small coastal community in my district in beautiful northwest Oregon. 
I met with students who were working on an underwater robotics team. These talented students are running simulation experiments in a pool in preparation for the Marine Advanced Technology Education competition. 
maneuver their underwater robots to retrieve items like algae and sea urchins from the ocean floor. This hands on learning fosters collaboration and creativity in students and helps them see the connections between what is in their textbook and how it translates to practical work that can make a difference for our planet. 
of activity builds problemsolving skills and shows students that trial and error is a natural part of growth and discovery and learning. 
After visiting the underwater robotics team, I joined students at their school’s fish hatchery, where they raise salmon for release into local waterways. This program provides opportunities for students to develop skills in biology, water chemistry, engineering, and natural resources management and contributes to our ability to sustain an economically and culturally important fishery; importantly, it also gives them valuable skills and leadership in management. 
In the United States, we face a growing shortage of innovative workers, people who are prepared to tackle the challenges of the future. This is an especially serious problem because we absolutely must grapple with one of the greatest environmental threats this Nation has faced, climate change. 
Today, too many students, particularly young women and minorities, lack access and opportunities to engage in this handson kind of STEM learning occurring at Warrenton High School. Here in Congress, we must be doing more to foster and support students who have become the problem solvers of tomorrow. Doing so makes economic sense and environmental sense. 
to help understand environmental challenges and changes, to develop the technology to address our growing impact on our planet, and to find more sustainable practices. 
Oregon is home to some excellent research universities. The University of Oregon, Oregon State University, and Oregon Health & Science University are all working on a wide range of research and development programs to help combat and adapt to climate change. 
basic science we need to understand and anticipate changes and trends, as 
well as the applied science to help use existing information to develop practical tools and technologies to meet the challenges presented by climate change. 
level rise; they help shellfish hatcheries adapt to ocean acidification, or they develop new types of biofuel. This is exciting, important research; and we need smart, passionate young people to take up this mantle. 
month, we recognize the value of our oceans, lakes, and coastline, and we recommit to protecting these bodies of water. 
I would also like to recommit to developing and investing in technologies to help stop and begin to repair the damage we have done to our oceans, our coasts, and our ecosystems. Improved and innovative technology development in areas such as renewable energy and water conservation have the power to make a real difference for our planet and for current and future generations, but we can’t do it without people like smart, skilled students who will become the workers in the workforce of tomorrow. 
Those students in Warrenton, Oregon, and others like them are our future leaders and problemsolvers. Let’s help do all we can to make sure that they have the tools and the resources they need today as students and tomorrow as scientists, engineers, and innovators who can meet the complex challenges ahead and turn them into 
productive opportunities that will better their communities, their States, our country, and the world. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, as part of my 3year investigation into the Nation’s mental health system, I have been meeting with families and caregivers of those with mental illness. Their number one concern is the HIPAA privacy rule. Since its inception in 2002, the rule has generated nearly 70,000 complaints. 
in treatment by Federal regulations that don’t understand the complexity of treating a serious mental illness in someone who has other medical problems, like diabetes or lung disease or skin problems or other illnesses that require treatment. When you have those with the diminished capacity to follow through on their own care, should we just let them languish and suffer? Should we let their mental illness and poor medical care become what some consider to be a slowmotion suicide? 
or a stroke or Alzheimer’s illness, a doctor would not hesitate to explain the medical concerns to a family member. A doctor would do this because the doctor recognizes the brain illness can make the individual unable to clearly understand the severity of his illness. According to the current HIPAA laws, when a child is in severe psychosis, the doctor is unable to tell the parents anything. 
We must recognize that severe mental illness like schizophrenia, bipolar, and severe depression is brain disease— it is not an attitude. It is not something cured by pulling oneself up by the bootstraps no more than dementia is cured by a different outlook on life or by a motivational poster. We cannot continue to make care the most difficult for those who have the most difficulty in caring for themselves. This has to change. There is merit to those 70,000 complaints, and we must address them compassionately. 
Health Crisis Act, H.R. 2646, allows the doctor or mental health professional to provide the diagnosis, treatment plans, appointment scheduling, and prescriptions for an individual with a serious mental illness to a known caregiver. This change would apply to those who can benefit from care yet who are unable to follow through on their own selfdirected care. 
member. Imagine yourself trying to help a parent or a sibling or a child, and a caseworker who doesn’t even know your family member can’t help you because he is bound from letting you—a loving and caring parent—help your son or daughter. The law puts you behind this heartless barrier where you have to passively watch your child wither away. But what parent would not run into a burning building or throw himself in front of a car to save his child? Yet, with our current HIPAA laws, you have to watch and suffer along with your child. 
does make this important change. My legislation does not allow for the sharing of psychotherapy notes or of personal conversations between a therapist and a patient. It is limited to the information that is essential to caring for someone with a serious mental illness to make sure he stays in care. Let’s make it easier. Let’s make it more compassionate for those who need help the most. I urge my colleagues to please support H.R. 2646 and to sign on as cosponsors. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is always a preeminent privilege to stand in the well of the House of Representatives to advocate on behalf of my constituents in the Ninth Congressional District of Texas, but it is also a greater honor to advocate on behalf of the American people. I contend that no one could have predicted that I would have had this great opportunity at my birth, and I am always grateful to have it, and I want people to know that I appreciate it greatly. 
Representatives passed a bipartisan piece of legislation, H. Res. 295. This is a resolution that would encourage law enforcement agencies to use body cameras. It passed overwhelmingly, and I am here today to express my gratitude to the many Members who supported this piece of legislation. 
I would like to start with the leadership. I am honored that the leadership supported it because, without the support of leadership, legislation does not come to the floor. 
supported and allowed it to come to the floor. 
supported and allowed it to come to the floor. 
Mr. HOYER , I am honored that we had 
the opportunity to visit with you about it as well as with other members of leadership, including Mr. BOEHNER , and 
that you allowed it to come to the floor. 
the Judiciary Committee, Mr. GOODLATTE . He allowed us to visit with him 
about this legislation. We are grateful that he participated in the process and allowed it to come to the floor. 
I am also especially honored to mention Mr. CONYERS , the sage of the 
House of Representatives, the dean of the House of Representatives, and I am grateful that he has been understanding and has given us the opportunity to have this piece of legislation come to the floor in the form of a resolution. 
this, and they were cosponsors. I have to mention my very dear friend Mr. CLEAVER . I will say candidly that, 
without him, we wouldn’t have been able to have succeeded. He has been a partner with me on this legislation, and we have worked through the entirety of the process. 
Texas. He and I were lawyers together, and we were judges together. He was the first person to actually sign onto the resolution, and that meant something to have his support. 
signed on as the first original cosponsor, and my prayer is that this piece of legislation is something that you will be proud of in the years to come. 
cosponsors of the legislation. I am grateful that they chose to allow their names to be associated with it, and I am grateful to all of the Members of the House of Representatives who voted for it, some 421 Members. Let me now just focus on the legislation for just a moment and remind everybody that this, in a metaphorical sense, is not the end; it is the beginning. In a metaphorical sense, it is not the closing argument as we might have in a trial; it is the opening statement. As a Christian, in a metaphorical sense, this is Genesis; it is not Revelation. There are many other things to come. In fact, we have a piece of legislation—the CAM TIP Act—that is currently pending before the House, and my hope is that we will get some additional cosponsors on that piece of legislation. 
announce that what it does is to simply provide encouragement to law enforcement agencies to know that the consensus of the House of Representatives is that you have body cameras. We ask that you please consider the rationale for body cameras. 
there won’t be disputes about what happened. With cameras, you can still have some disputes. This is not a panacea; it will not cure all that ails some of our concerns. Yet it does provide some empirical evidence, empirical evidence that we would not acquire otherwise because of the contentions that can be at odds with each other about facts. By the way, as a judge, I know that you can have persons with the best of intentions who can see the same facts and come away with different conclusions as to what occurred. This provides the additional transparency. 
to allow this evidence to go into court. It is not enough for the public to see what is going on. Those who serve as jurors will have an opportunity to see what happened and base their decisions on more than what one person says as opposed to what another person says. 
I am proud to tell you that the piece 
of legislation will provide an opportunity for people to adjust their behavior. A wonderful thing can happen when cameras are on. People will know that they are being watched, and they can adjust their behavior. 
has passed, and I am grateful for the opportunity to speak this morning. I thank those who were supportive of it. This is the genesis. The revelations are 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
rise this morning to support Gustavo Perez Silverio, an historian in Cuba who has had to endure continued threats from Castro’s state security forces. 
Gustavo Perez Silverio by telling him that he would be prosecuted for terrorist activities, but his only crime was to support activism and engagement in Cuban civil society. That is not a crime. This is not the first time he has had to endure these dire threats. 
Gustavo issued statements about the current difficult situation in Cuba for human rights, but when he returned to the island, he learned that he lost his job as a professor at the university where he was teaching. This is another attempt by the Castro regime to silence peaceful opposition leaders. 
happening to Gustavo happens to dozens of Cubans every day, innocent but brave dissidents who try to speak the truth about the human rights violations occurring in Cuba, violations that go unpunished due to the undeserved concessions given to the Castro brothers by this administration. 
brave dissidents like Gustavo Perez Silverio, and not stand with their oppressor, the Castro regime. 
am pleased to honor Claudia Puig, a leader in television and radio broadcasting, on her receipt of the Bill Brooks Award from the Florida Association of Broadcasters. 
south Florida community, and with over 25 years of experience, her opinion is trusted and credible. Claudia has been recognized by Radio Ink magazine as one of the 50 Most Influential Women in Radio and has been honored as Manager of the Year with the prestigious Medallas de Cortez Award in 2012. Claudia has served on many prestigious boards, including Florida International University’s Board of Trustees, the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, and the Orange Bowl Committee. 
Bill Brooks Award is a deserved honor and a testament to her hard work. 
would like to congratulate Amigos for Kids, an organization in my congressional district that works to mitigate the harmful effects of child abuse and neglect. It has now embarked on its 22nd year of service to families in my congressional district in south Florida. 
As part of its mission, this noble organization, Amigos for Kids, administers an afterschool program at Jose Marti Park in Little Havana that provides kids with academic and extracurricular enrichment activities. Funded by the Children’s Trust, Amigos for Kids also offers workshops to fortify the family bond. On June 20, Amigos for Kids will host its annual Miami Celebrity Domino Night. It is an event at which guests will enjoy live entertainment and culinary delights, which will 
I thank Amigos for Kids for its commitment to assisting the less fortunate, and I encourage our community to get involved for the betterment of children and families. A united community can make a positive and lasting difference for all of us. 
June is Alzheimer’s Awareness Month, and I rise today to shed light on one of the fastest growing and costliest epidemics facing our Nation. Having lost my mother due to complications of Alzheimer’s, I am all too familiar with how it impacts not only the person, but the person’s loved ones and the caregivers. 
with this disease, including half a million Floridians. The Alzheimer’s Association projects that, within the next 10 years, every State will experience significant increases in the number of people living with Alzheimer’s. That means skyrocketing healthcare costs for impacted families and across all levels of government. 
Research is our best hope to save taxpayer dollars, and most importantly, to save lives. My thanks to all who are working every day toward curing Alzheimer’s, a devastating disease. I also thank them for improving the patient’s wellbeing and the caregiver’s. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
am very pleased this morning to speak about a topic that I really believe there is a strong pathway forward. I have said often, as the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, that as we look at the criminal justice system with a myriad of issues that have come to our attention from the American public, from asset forfeiture to mens rea to a number of issues dealing with police interaction with the community, this is a significant moment in America’s history. 
We are a nation of laws, and we pride 
ourselves with understanding the very words of the Declaration of Independence that clearly says that we all are created equal with certain inalienable rights of life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness. The beginning words of the Constitution say that our Founding Fathers—although imperfect in many of the aspects of the Constitution based upon rights not given to women and rights not given to African Americans—did say that they formed this government to create a more perfect Union. 
again, as I said, to assess the criminal justice system in many ways. Let me 
cite for you some of the challenges that we face. For example, a 16year old in New York who was arrested for taking a knapsack—he shouldn’t have taken a knapsack—was thrown into Rikers Island and had a $3,000 bail, which he or his family could not pay. He stayed in isolation for 3 years. His case never came before the courts. The lawyers obviously were backlogged, whatever courtappointed lawyer he might have had. During that time, there was abuse, and this youngster suffered. At 19 going on 20, he was finally released, no action taken against him. Tragically, 2 weeks after he was released, this young man committed suicide. 
mature to its fullest before the age of 24 or 25, and so when you are dealing with teenagers between 18 and 24, you are dealing with kids. You are dealing with individuals who have yet formulated their full judgment. 
of Walter Scott and Freddie Gray, begin to have us question how we make better our law enforcement. As we mourn those who have fallen in duty— and we do, as I have over the years—I recognize that we must give skills training and give more resources for professional development and change the concept that we have forced our law enforcement to be in. 
We have forced the concept of warrior versus guardian. Maybe that caused the incident of the gentleman who was in his doorstep in suburban Virginia, right outside of Washington, D.C. I think the case was 3 years ago where the gentleman came to the door. Of course he was having a disagreement with the officer who was at the door, but he wound up dead in his doorstep. Of course the family settled because there was, in essence, an inappropriate use of excessive force and it did not have to happen. 
Judiciary and work with Members, I am looking forward to finding a significant moment. We will be introducing legislation dealing with police accountability—we hope it will draw a number of Members’ bipartisan support—using this concept of guardian versus warrior, giving the amount of resources for training, but also giving the necessary equipment that will be helpful, new technology, and a criteria utilized by small departments that will allow them to get a rating of having a police force that meets certain standards to know how to deal with the elderly, to know how to deal with the physically and mentally disabled, how to deal with juveniles, how to deal with women. Certainly we know that bad actors and those who are tending to do us harm, we are ultimately concerned that we have very safe communities. 
the sheer shrillness of dealing with criminal justice will be put aside so that we can studiously get a bill to the 
about youth offenders that I will introduce, a bill about building trust, which means that we don’t force communities to use police officers as revenue gatherers, so it is not about how many we stop on the street or how many we give tickets to to provide money to the coffers of our local community. That puts the police sometimes in unnecessary confrontational roles when they could very well be engaging in warnings or other ways of dealing with the community. I would like to enhance PAL, the Police Athletic League, an excellent communitybased approach to police and children getting to know each other. Many things can happen. 
captures the constitutional premise that we want to create a more perfect Union. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
chained to a bed in a warehouse, branded like cattle, these are just some of the horrific stories that I have heard from young girls who suffered as victims of human trafficking in my home State of Texas. 
slavery. Sadly, according to the National Human Trafficking Resource Center, Texas has the second highest number of reported instances of human trafficking in the country. My hometown of Houston is the hub for domestic trafficking of minor children. 
While this dastardly underground industry has been hidden for years in plain sight, the good news is there are efforts to fight this scourge of human trafficking throughout the Nation. Earlier this week Senator CORNYN and 
I had the opportunity to visit the Letot Center in Dallas, Texas, where we saw firsthand what can happen when government, law enforcement, nonprofits, concerned citizens, and religious groups join together in a community to restore the lives of human trafficking victims. 
nonprofit New Friends New Life, an organization that provides job training, financial assistance, life skills coaching, and special programs to address the challenges of survivors and their families. With the addition of a brand new allfemale facility, the Letot Center and groups like New Friends New Life not only provide a safe home for trafficking victims, but help arm them with the resources to rebuild their lives. 
met—I will call her Amanda because that is her name—became a victim of 
human trafficking after she was kidnapped in Dallas at the age of 15. For 9 years she lived in slavery, in terror, as she was repeatedly sold every day for sex. Through New Friends New Life’s approach, one that addresses the physical, mental, and spiritual needs of victims, Amanda was rescued, and she and her daughter are now living proof that there is hope for trafficking survivors fighting abuse, addiction, and poverty. After talking to her and hearing her story and she making her story public, Mr. Speaker, she is a remarkable person—a survivor, a fighter against the scourge of slavery. 
Speaker, I strongly believe in not only punishing people who commit crimes, but also helping victims rebuild their lives. As a father of 4, grandfather of 11, I call upon all other fathers in the United States to refuse to sit back 
while America’s children are being sold in the marketplace of sex. We have a responsibility, not just as Members of the House or the Senate, but as fathers, to fight this scourge that is taking place in our country. 
for Victims of Trafficking Act: to provide law enforcement with new tools to apprehend those who commit these crimes and to provide resources for restoration for the survivors. 
of Representatives and the United States Senate recently passed the Victims of Trafficking Act. It passed the Senate 99–0. It passed the House overwhelmingly, with only three voting against it. That very seldom happens in my experience in Congress, where one piece of legislation is so overwhelmingly supported by both sides of the aisle and in both the Senate and the House. This bipartisan bill has been signed into law by the President now. 
will be created to help these victims like Amanda get the shelter and services they need and provide them a fresh start. The law also ensures those who have been sold into slavery are treated as victims and not treated as criminals. Moreover, the legislation will strengthen law enforcement to give them tools to take down all human traffickers and organized criminal networks supporting them. Finally, the law targets the buyers, those predators who purchase children in the marketplace. The days of boys being boys in this country are going to end, and the law and law enforcement and the long arm of the law will go after these buyers. Partnerships on the Federal, State, and local level will be instrumental in stopping these crimes and rescuing victims. 
support survivors like Amanda—to break the cycle of sexual exploitation—overcome the pain of their experiences and help them to start a new life. We can achieve this if organizations like New Friends New Life and facilities like the Letot Center have the tools and resources they need to serve every victim. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act will help do this. America must send the word that our 
children are not for sale, not in our town and not in our country. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
We pray for the gift of wisdom to all 
with great responsibility in this House for the leadership of our Nation. 
of our Nation where respect and understanding are the marks of civility, and honor and integrity are the marks of one’s character. 
in those with whom they find disagreement and the courage to move together with them toward solutions that best serve our great Nation. 
may all that is done within these hallowed Halls be for Your greater honor and glory. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. H AHN) 
Ms. HAHN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
today to remind Republican colleagues it is time to get serious about our country’s transportation needs. With another highway and transit trust fund deadline on the horizon, we can no longer keep our Nation stuck with small, shortterm funding that fails to meet the challenges of our Nation’s crumbling roads and bridges. 
a longterm, bipartisan fix will ensure that the Texas Department of Transportation, TxDOT, can continue its work on longterm projects like the horseshoe project near downtown Dallas and the expansion of I–35W in Fort 
thousands of residents in north Texas can continue to utilize reliable public transit services like the T and DART. 
transit fund will expire in the middle of a very busy travel season while constituents like these are trying to come to Washington, D.C. It is time for the Republicans to put aside their rhetoric and make good on their word to the American people. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
congratulate two Wayzata High School students for doing so well in the National Securities Industry and Financial Market Association Foundation’s student essay competition. Tyler Carlstrom, a sophomore, placed second in the InvestWrite essay competition, and senior Megan Plummer placed fifth. 
a component of the stock market game that asks students around the country to analyze an investment scenario in 1,000 words or fewer. Tyler and Megan both used their analytical skills that they learned in their investments class at Wayzata High School, taught by their teacher, Candy Lee. 
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Financial and Economic Literacy Caucus, I believe our youth need more opportunities to learn how to effectively manage money in order to plan and achieve their financial goals. Events like this certainly strongly encourage our students to learn the ins and outs of our financial and economic world views. 
congratulate Tyler and Megan on their great opportunity and doing so well in this tough competition. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
voice my opposition to the fasttrack legislation making its way through our House this week. 
represent the Port of Los Angeles, and I understand the potential benefits of a good trade deal. But I am also pro worker, proenvironment, proimmigration reform, prohuman rights and profood safety. 
These goals, I believe, would be undermined by this fasttrack legislation that limits our President’s ability to negotiate those critical issues. Moreover, if the President gets fasttrack 
authority, then our only role as Members of Congress would be an upor down vote on the final deal, limited debate, no amendments. 
deal. NAFTA cost our Nation over 800,000 manufacturing jobs. 
I do not want to vote against a trade 
deal. I want to shape a fair deal that does not hurt American workers. I want a deal I can vote for. 
today to celebrate the 800th anniversary of one of the world’s most important documents, the Magna Carta. 
seal to the Magna Carta after it was drafted by barons in England who were tired of continued attacks on their freedoms and rights by a tyrannical king. 
‘‘the great charter,’’ established the rule of law in England and served as an inspiration for the American revolution and the basis for the Declaration of Independence and our Bill of Rights. 
free countries, the law ought to be king; and there ought to be no other.’’ 
often our problem is we don’t fully understand our history, and that is why we stray from it. 
President who has shown a willingness to change the laws through executive fiat. I believe it is vitally important that we remember the Magna Carta, which is based on the idea that no person, regardless of their position, will ever be above the law. 
fought for centuries in order to preserve and defend this basic principle, and that fight can never end. So on this 800th anniversary, I call on this body to remember the Magna Carta and work every day to carry forward the torch of freedom. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of cutting the bureaucratic red tape strangling our Nation’s small businesses. 
In 2013, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau implemented guidance that would prevent families and individuals from obtaining auto financing discounts. The CFPB issued this guidance without a public comment period for consumers, small businesses, or stakeholders. 
American auto industry and the hundreds of hardworking auto dealers in the Granite State; but it also affects Granite State families and individuals, for example, the young couple in Manchester struggling to afford a new minivan to accommodate their growing family or the startup logistics company in Conway wishing to add another truck to their fleet to grow their business. 
The detrimental aspects of this onerous regulation are felt throughout our State and our Nation. That is why I introduced H.R. 1737, a bipartisan bill to rein in the CFPB’s overreach and merely bring more transparency, accountability, and clarity to the formal rulemaking process. It will reverse the CFPB’s indirect auto financing guidance and allow the public’s voice to be heard. 
This bill has 49 Republican cosponsors and 40 Democrat cosponsors. I look forward to working with all those interested in continuing to reverse this rule. 
today to recognize an extraordinary 15 yearold named Hunter Gandee from Monroe County, Michigan. 
has cerebral palsy and cannot walk on his own. Last week, Hunter carried Braden on his back for 57 miles to raise awareness for the disease. The 3day journey took the Gandee family from Lambertville to the University of Michigan’s Pediatric Rehabilitation Center in Ann Arbor, where Braden has upcoming surgery. 
cheers, and outpouring of support from communities across Michigan and the country. Two brothers, one journey, an inspiring story of love, courage, and sacrifice—may we all learn from their example and do our part to make the world a better place. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today to recognize my constituent and friend Edie Lowry for her service to our Nation’s veterans as the founder and president of Honor Flight of Northeast Tennessee. Under Edie’s direction, Honor Flight of Northeast Tennessee honors veterans by arranging trips and transporting former servicemen and women to Washington, D.C., to visit their respective war memorials, all at no cost to the veterans. 
with the Honor Flight program in St. Joseph, Missouri, after reading about 
the program in a newspaper article. During an honor flight in 2008, she witnessed firsthand the impact the Honor Flight program has on veterans’ lives. 
Flight did not exist in our area, Edie established a chapter in northeast Tennessee. Honor Flight of Northeast Tennessee has helped dozens of veterans visit their memorial and receive the honor and recognition they deserve. 
her service to veterans in our community through Honor Flight of Northeast Tennessee. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize the great achievement of a 10th District hero, Jared Der Yeghiayan. 
Special Agent DerYeghiayan served as the lead special agent from the Department of Homeland Security to shut down the notorious black market Web site Silk Road. 
DerYeghiayan worked undercover to infiltrate the Silk Road network, an underground Web site used by thousands of drug dealers and criminals to facilitate drug sales and illegal activity around the globe. 
led to thousands of drug seizures, dozens of arrests, and the successful conviction of the owner and operator of the Silk Road Web site. In helping bringing down this dark Web site, Jared DerYeghiayan has left his mark in making this country a safer and more secure place. 
I am honored to have Jared as a constituent of Illinois’ 10th District; I thank him for his service to this Nation, and I look forward to many more bright achievements in the future. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this year’s fiscal 2016 Defense Appropriations bill. 
on this year’s bill, I want to recognize the outstanding work that the Appropriations Committee has done in crafting this year’s bill. 
Congressional District of Georgia, which is the proud home of Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base, Hunter Army Airfield, Moody Air Force Base, and Fort Stewart. These installations are the foundation of many critical missions that continue to support our 
year’s appropriations bill supports the First District’s important missions, and I commend the committee for its accomplishments, all while operating under budget. 
military installations and their personnel will continue receiving funding for critical missions that will ensure future success for our servicemen and women. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor Army Sergeant Major Ed Olender, who passed away earlier this year at the age of 91. 
humble and dedicated family man, neighbor, and friend. He was well known around Tillson, New York, in having given his work in the post office, in his extensive volunteer service, in his service as a firefighter, and as a life member of the American Legion and the VFW. However, without knowing him well, you would never guess the rest of his life story. 
Ed joined the Army at the age of 17. He served in combat in the Pacific in World War II, including earning a Bronze Star for his actions in defending Hawaii during the attack on Pearl Harbor and earning a Purple Heart in Luzon. He also served in combat in both Korea and Vietnam, earning a second Purple Heart and various other awards and commendations. He retired in 1974 as a command sergeant major. He earned the Silver Star and also earned the Combat Infantryman Badge three times. 
years, June, and they had three children, two grandchildren, and three stepgrandchildren. 
great American hero—a humble but incredible example for all of us. May God bless Sergeant Major Olender and his entire family. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I teamed up with Congressman GERRY CONNOLLY of 
Virginia to introduce a resolution to ensure that future trade partners with the United States are active in the recovery efforts of our POWs and MIAs. 
Mr. Speaker, as the father of an injured Army soldier, I thank God every day that my son returned home safely, and it pains me to know that there are still brave men and women who have not been recovered. This bipartisan resolution makes it clear that we as Americans take the promises we make to our servicemembers and their families very seriously, and we are hopeful that future trade partners will become partners in our ongoing recovery efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, according to the Department of Defense, more than 80,000 American citizens who served in the Vietnam war, the Korean war, and World War II are still missing in action, and I will not rest until all of our men and women are returned home. These American heroes deserve no less. 
both sides of the aisle to support H. Res. 56. 
OF HOUSE OF JUNE 10, 2015, REGARDING CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1295, IRS BUREAUCRACY REDUCTION AND JUDICIAL REVIEW ACT 
unanimous consent that the order of the House of June 10, 2015, regarding consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 1295, be modified by striking ‘‘printed’’ and inserting ‘‘submitted for printing.’’ 
to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. CURBELO of 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ) had 
been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 162, line 25. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having assumed the chair, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
dutyfree treatment for articles of beneficiary subSaharan African countries under Generalized System of Preferences. 
investment ties between subSaharan Africa and the United States. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Extension and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and subSaharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job creation, and democratic institutions throughout Africa. 
African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduction, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in subSaharan Africa. 
Saharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Opportunity Act in 2000, and United States direct investment in subSaharan Africa has grown almost sixfold. 
engage and compete in emerging markets in sub Saharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and sub Saharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
United States is enhanced by strong economic and political ties with the fastestgrowing economies in the world, many of which are in subSaharan Africa. 
integrate subSaharan African countries into the global economy, stimulate economic development in Africa, and diversify sources of growth in subSaharan Africa. 
subSaharan Africa, and enhance the trade relationship between the United States and sub Saharan Africa. 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
‘‘SEPTEMBER 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘S EPTEMBER 30, 2025’’; 
FOR DUTYFREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUBSAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
performed in one or more such beneficiary sub Saharan African countries or former beneficiary subSaharan African countries shall be applied in determining such percentage.’’. 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS. 
506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the President shall establish a process 
to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act with the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of such Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
should develop utilization strategies on a biennial basis in order to more effectively and strategically utilize benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (in this section referred to as ‘‘AGOA utilization strategies’’); 
agencies should work with, and provide appropriate resources to, such subSaharan African countries to assist in developing and implementing biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
regional integration, the United States Trade Representative should consider requesting the Regional Economic Communities to prepare biennial AGOA utilization strategies. 
Growth and Opportunity Act and identify opportunities and obstacles to increased trade and investment and enhanced poverty reduction efforts; 
that inhibit utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act; 
promote greater utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and establish a plan to promote full regional implementation of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization. 
country should publish on an appropriate Internet website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUBSAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to continue to— 
10 eligible subSaharan African countries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligible subSaharan African countries that have’’; and 
and phytosanitary rules of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘, complying with sanitary and phytosanitary rules of the United States, and developing food safety standards’’; 
the following: ‘‘, particularly from businesses and sectors that engage women farmers and entrepreneurs,’’; and 
such measures as are necessary to ensure adequate coordination of similar activities of agencies of the United States Government relating to agricultural technical assistance for subSaharan Africa.’’. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the trade and investment relationship between the United States and sub Saharan African countries and on the implementation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
investment between the United States and sub Saharan Africa, including information on leading exports to the United States from subSaharan African countries. 
African countries during the period covered by the report. 
beneficiary subSaharan African country is continuing to meet the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
the trade and investment relationship between the United States and subSaharan African countries. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
that have a expressed an interest in entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; 
such subSaharan African countries and other subSaharan African countries toward entering 
into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
of this section shall cease to have any force or effect after September 30, 2025. 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by section 106, is further amended— 
‘‘subSaharan African country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE ARTICLES ONLY FOR LEASTDEVELOPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
‘‘(cc) 60 percent or more during the 1year period beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1year periods.’’; and 
year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1 year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
succeeding 1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’; and 
succeeding 1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’. 
NOTES.—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the 
‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, paddling pants, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of skisuits), coveralls and bib overalls, and jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, paddling jackets, ski jackets, and ski jackets intended for sale as parts of skisuits), windbreakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets) composed of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk, or manmade fiber, or a combination of such fibers, that are either water resistant or treated with plastics, or both, with critically sealed seams, and with 5 or more of the following features: 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of closure. 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, including hidden leg sleeves with a means of tightening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets. 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles, or cuffs. 
skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a similar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
protection’ means insulation with either synthetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protection from cold weather. 
builtup heat during outdoor activities. In a jacket, such openings are often positioned on the underarm seam of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. In trousers, such openings are often positioned on the inner or outer leg seams of a garment but may also be placed along other seams in the front or back of a garment. 
refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets, or other means. 
a closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘‘(ix) The term ‘multiadjustable hood or adjustable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs, or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incorporated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, elastic, or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck, or face. 
‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the elements. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means construction at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usually diamond or triangularshaped, designed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
to unrestricted, 180degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
means the incorporation into a fabric or garment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odorcausing bacteria. 
means outerwear garments, including uniforms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide durable protection from cold or inclement weather and/or workplace hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punctures, or similar hazards. 
of record shall maintain internal import records that specify upon entry whether garments claimed as recreational performance outerwear have an outer surface that is water resistant, treated with plastics, or a combination thereof, and shall further enumerate the specific features that make the garments eligible to be classified as recreational performance outerwear.’’. 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6201.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .......... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
6201.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.93.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6201.93.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ....... 49.5 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6202.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .......... 43.5 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6202.93.40 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ....... 43.4 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to subheading 6203.41.05, and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.41 having 
the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
6203.43.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.43.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .... 49.6 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
6203.49.80 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.49 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.61.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ............. 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
6204.69.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.69 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.69.20 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair .......... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg nated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day before the 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of indentation 
as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
FOOTWEAR .—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘6. For the purposes of this chapter, the term 
‘specialized athletic footwear’ includes footwear (other than footwear described in Subheading 
the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 6402.91.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6402.91.40: 
BH, CA, CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) .. 35% ’’. 
BH, CA, CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. 
Not later than one year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report assessing the contribution of the trade preference programs of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding taxable year)— 
corporate estimated tax which is otherwise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 5.25 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
by this subsection shall apply to returns filed after December 31, 2015. 
person who holds a reportable deposit during any calendar year shall make a return according to the forms or regulations prescribed by the Secretary, setting forth the name and address of the person for whom such deposit was held. 
loan association, a building and loan association, a cooperative bank, a homestead association, a credit union, an industrial loan association or bank, or any similar organization, 
in regulations, any amount held by an insurance company, an investment company (as defined in section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940), or held in other pooled funds or trusts. 
would apply if a payment were made with respect to such amount, or 
the information contact of the person required to make such return, and 
the term ‘person’, when referring to the person for whom a deposit is held, includes any governmental unit and any agency or instrumentality thereof and any international organization and any agency or instrumentality thereof.’’. 
chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting 
after the item relating to section 6049 the following new item: 
by this subsection shall apply to returns filed after December 31, 2015. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to 
extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes.’’. 
House concur in the Senate amendment to the title of H.R. 1295 and concur in the Senate amendment to the text of H.R. 1295 with amendment No. 1 submitted for printing in the Congressional Record. 
the Senate amendments to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
dutyfree treatment for articles of beneficiary subSaharan African countries under Generalized System of Preferences. 
investment ties between sub Saharan Africa and the United States. 
travel articles for dutyfree treatment under the Generalized System of Preferences. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Extension and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
Growth and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and subSaharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job creation, and democratic institutions throughout Africa. 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduction, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in subSaharan Africa. 
subSaharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Opportunity Act in 2000, and United States direct investment in subSaharan Africa has grown almost sixfold. 
to engage and compete in emerging markets in subSaharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and subSaharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
United States is enhanced by strong economic and political ties with the fastest growing economies in the world, many of which are in subSaharan Africa. 
investment in subSaharan Africa, including high tariffs, forced localization requirements, restrictions on investment, and customs barriers, will create opportunities for workers, businesses, farmers, and ranchers in the United States and subSaharan African countries. 
improve utilization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and strengthen regional and global integration, accelerate economic growth in subSaharan Africa, and enhance the trade relationship between the United States and subSaharan Africa. 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
‘‘SEPTEMBER 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘S EPTEMBER 30, 2025’’; 
FOR DUTYFREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUBSAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff 
treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS. 
Section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the President shall establish a process to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act with the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of such Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
agencies should work with, and provide appropriate resources to, such subSaharan African countries to assist in developing and implementing biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
Congress that biennial AGOA utilization strategies should identify strategic needs and priorities to bolster utilization of benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act. To that end, biennial AGOA utilization strategies should— 
and promote greater utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and establish a plan to promote full regional implementation of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization. 
country should publish on an appropriate Internet website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUBSAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to continue to— 
than 10 eligible subSaharan African countries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligible subSaharan African countries that have’’; and 
take such measures as are necessary to ensure adequate coordination of similar activities of agencies of the United States Government relating to agricultural technical assistance for subSaharan Africa.’’. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the trade and investment relationship between the United States and subSaharan African countries and on the implementation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
investment between the United States and subSaharan Africa, including information on leading exports to the United States from subSaharan African countries. 
such beneficiary subSaharan African country is continuing to meet the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
such subSaharan African countries and other subSaharan African countries toward entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by section 106, is further amended— 
term ‘‘subSaharan African country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE ARTICLES ONLY FOR LEASTDEVELOPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
AND TRAVEL ARTICLES FOR DUTY FREE TREATMENT UNDER THE GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
4202.11.00, 4202.12.40, 4202.21.60, 4202.21.90, 4202.22.15, 4202.22.45, 4202.31.60, 4202.32.40, 4202.32.80, 4202.92.15, 4202.92.20, 4202.92.45, or 4202.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
reporting number 4202.12.2020, 4202.12.2050, 4202.12.8030, 4202.12.8070, 4202.22.8050, 4202.32.9550, 4202.32.9560, 4202.91.0030, 4202.91.0090, 4202.92.3020, 4202.92.3031, 4202.92.3091, 4202.92.9026, or 4202.92.9060 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, as such statistical reporting numbers are in effect on the date of the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
Section 213A of the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
period beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1year periods.’’; and 
1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
succeeding 1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’; and 
succeeding 1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’. 
NOTES.—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ means trousers (including, but not limited to, paddling pants, ski or snowboard pants, and ski or snowboard pants intended for sale as parts of skisuits), coveralls and bib overalls, and jackets (including, but not limited to, full zip jackets, paddling jackets, ski jackets, and ski jackets intended for sale as parts of skisuits), windbreakers, and similar articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets) composed of fabrics of cotton, wool, hemp, bamboo, silk, or manmade fiber, or a combination of such fibers, that are either water resistant or treated with plastics, or both, with critically sealed seams, and with 5 or more of the following features: 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of closure. 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, including hidden leg sleeves with a means of tightening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets. 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles, or cuffs. 
‘‘(ix) Adjustable powder skirt, inner protective skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
utilizes fabric, design, or patterning to allow radial arm movement. 
The term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ does not include occupational outerwear. 
to textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
that have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a similar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), sealed seams that are sealed at the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
protection’ means insulation with either synthetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protection from cold weather. 
knees’ refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets, or other means. 
means a closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
adjustable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs, or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incorporated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, elastic, or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck, or face. 
and ‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the elements. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means construction at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usually diamond or triangularshaped, designed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xii) The term ‘radial arm movement’ refers to unrestricted, 180degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
means the incorporation into a fabric or garment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odor causing bacteria. 
means outerwear garments, including uniforms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide durable protection from cold or inclement weather and/or workplace hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punctures, or similar hazards. 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6201.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 7.8% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 7.8% 
through 6201.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6201.93.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.13.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 6.5% 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.93.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to subheading 6203.41.05, and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.41 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before 
CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 6.5% 
6203.41.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt loops, weighing more 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
6203.43.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6203.49.80 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.49 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
6204.61.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without belt loops, weighing more than 6 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and of which down comprises 35 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6204.69.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.69 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6210.40.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
‘‘ 6210.40.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber or plastics material which 
CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
‘‘ 6210.50.05 Recreational performance outerwear 7.1% Free (AU, BH, CA, 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg nated, coated, covered or laminated with rubber or plastics material which 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.32.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.33 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.42.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.43 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
6402.91.42 and 6402.99.32, the term ‘protective active footwear’ means footwear (other than 
the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 6402.91.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6402.91.40: 
‘‘ 6402.91.42 Protective active footwear (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, including bottoms comprising an 
outer sole and all or part of the upper and except footwear with insulation that provides protection against cold weather), whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 15.34 cm ......... 20% Free (AU,  BH, CA, 
CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) 
subheading 6402.99.33 the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 6402.99.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for 
CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report assessing 
the contribution of the trade preference programs of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding taxable year)— 
of corporate estimated tax which is otherwise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 5.25 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
and received by such individual shall be treated as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
EDUCATION TUITION AND RELATED EXPENSES .—No penalty shall be imposed under 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements required to be furnished, after December 31, 2015. 
made by this section shall apply with respect to returns and statements required to be filed after December 31, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of Wednesday, June 10, 2015, as modified by the order of the House of today, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
York (Mr. R ANGEL ) each will control 30 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the Trade Preferences Extension Act. This bill will strengthen America by promoting free enterprise all around the world. First, we extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act for 10 years. AGOA allows African countries to sell their goods in America duty free. This program is a very essential program. It strengthens ties between our countries because when America grows, they grow too. 
RANGEL for his work on this. He is the 
champion of AGOA. He is one of the primary authors of AGOA, and he is the person who has done so much work throughout his career—having been chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, a leader in the committee— to help forge better ties between the nations of Africa and our country and to help the rising tide lift all of the boats, so I want to thank him for his leadership on this issue. 
System of Preferences through December 2017. GSP lowers duties on thousands of products around the developing world. We make a few changes in the bill, and I want to articulate those changes. 
purses, briefcases, and backpacks, but only after they receive extensive review and only if they are found to be nonimport sensitive. This is a trade bill, so there are lots of things like this in trade bills. 
The purpose of all of this is to give 
American consumers access to better products at better prices, to help grow the economies of America and the countries we are trading with in the developing world. 
We create a new tariff line for recreational performance outerwear, outerwear that is not made here, but that we buy that is needlessly more expensive for consumers. We lower duties on things like hiking and running shoes. 
REICHERT for their work on performance outerwear and footwear. I also want to thank Congressman SMITH and 
for their work on luggage. All of these programs have strong bipartisan support and say to the developing world: free enterprise, free enterprise is the way to go. That is the key to success. That is the key to upward mobility. Third, we extend the HOPE and the 
HELP programs for products in Haiti for 10 years. These programs build up Haiti through trade and investment. That is the best kind of foreign aid and support you can have: more economic growth, more trade, more investment. They can create more opportunity and bring our countries closer together. That is why it is critical that we continue these programs. 
about the offsets in this bill. This bill will eliminate the Medicare sequester extension that was in the TAA bill, and in exchange it will set up stronger tax compliance laws. We have reached a bipartisan compromise here. This fixes the concerns that Members on both sides of the aisle, particularly on the Republican side, the Doctors Caucus as we call it, had about the Medicare sequester, and it removes the Medicare sequester. 
that are fully paid for. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the legislation. It passed with a huge bipartisan margin over in the Senate, and I hope and expect that it will do so, as well, here. 
more than just a trade bill. I want to thank Chairman RYANfor making certain that this did not come anywhere near the controversies that surround us in the trade area, which he could have done; but he made certain that this extension of AGOA, the support for Haiti, and also the GSP would not be surrounded with controversy but would move seamlessly. 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs for being so cooperative in each stage of the way. It is a moving period for me because there hasn’t been this type of cooperation between the House and the Senate or Republicans and Democrats in a long time, and it feels extremely good. I want to thank you for this and to realize that it is not just African countries, it is expansion of what I think our great country is all about, that it is not really just to exercise the economic power that we have, but to explore the potential that other countries have, especially in Africa that has been bypassed for so many, many decades. 
who was one of the original authors; Phil Crane, who was the chairman of the committee; and, of course, then Speaker Gingrich, who was the first witness that we had for this bill. With roots like that, it probably carried over so that we can have this extension so that investors and importers of Africa and the African people themselves will be able to have a better idea of not where they are today, but where they can go with the cooperation of developing countries so that we will have the true meaning of peace, and that is 
we have found throughout the world a general compassion for all of the things that we would want for other people that we enjoy ourselves, and by extending this through 2025, it gives them a better handle on what they can do in the future. 
and we hope that developing countries can graduate into being fullfledged partners. 
who brought his experiences from the Peace Corps, having served in these countries and feeling in the marrow of his bones what we had to do. I have already given my appreciation, but he just walked in at the right time, as he usually does, and I would like to thank him publicly once again. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 
Today is a proud day for those of us who 
are deeply concerned about doing what we can to promote growth in developing countries. We are preparing to vote on a bipartisan bill that would extend preferences not only for African countries, but for Haiti, and developing countries more generally. I want to thank Chairman RYANfor working so closely with us 
on this bill, which has been a high priority for me this Congress. 
Let me talk about AGOA first. There is widespread enthusiasm about Africa these days. We know it’s a continent that’s poised for explosive growth. I am hopeful that growth will materialize. And that our program, the African Growth and Opportunity Act, will help fuel that growth. 
development has been to give poor countries a leg up on access to our market. That creates an incentive for importers to source from those countries, and it also builds relationships among our countries. 
different approach. They’ve forced developing countries, especially in Africa, to agree to substandard trade agreements instead of oneway preferences. One of the participants in the AGOA Forum last summer told us privately how much he appreciates the fact that the United States doesn’t take that approach—that we don’t view Africa as a continent full of natural resources to be exploited, but rather that it’s our responsibility as a wealthy nation to provide a path for poor countries to develop. 
preference programs, and then come to us asking to do free trade agreements. That’s what happened with CAFTA/DR a decade ago. We are more than willing to do that— When they’re ready and willing. And I think in the next 10 years, we’re going to see quite a few countries in subSaharan Africa decide that entering into a twoway trade agreement with the United States is something they want to do, something they think will benefit them as well as us. The bill we’re considering today pushes USTR to figure out a way to make that happen, without forcing anybody into doing a deal with us. 
is headed, and for our country to do its part to help move those countries up the path of development. 
from this program, even if the preferences don’t go both ways. Our businesses are able to source inputs from African countries without paying duty, and that in turn makes us more competitive, whether it’s selling the finished product domestically, or exporting it to a third country. 
BASS for her tireless work to make this renewal happen. She is an advocate not just for Africa, but for policies that will promote real change in Africa. I know in the coming months we will be looking at ways to improve trade capacity building in Africa, and I am committed to working with her and our colleagues on Foreign Affairs to find a way to get that done. 
through 2025. Some provisions in the Haiti program begin to expire this year. We know from our own conversations with the Administration that the Haitians, perhaps more than any other country, need a longterm extension of the program in order to attract investment. We hear that some factories in Haiti are at capacity—which is wonderful—but that for Haitianowned businesses to be able to attract the capital to expand, the preferences have to be extended across a longer horizon so that investors will feel satisfied that they can recoup their investment. By extending preferences through 2025, we do that. We must recognize my friend, Senator BILLNELSON , 
who has been a champion for the people of Haiti and has been instrumental in crafting these provisions and getting them done. 
of Preferences, which expired almost two years ago. GSP has been the foundation of our trade and development program since 1975. This program provides preferences to a wide range of countries, across the development spectrum. 
We’ve been fortunate to see countries become more and more developed, to the point where we are able to graduate them from the program and let them compete without needing the dutyfree preference. I think it’s unfortunate that we can’t extend the program for a longer period of time, but the fact is, the program is so successful that finding offsets to pay for it has been a challenge. But it is my hope that GSP does not lapse again, and that next time, we’re able to renew it ahead of time. 
One thing I need to mention is the Senate 
inclusion of a provision that authorizes the President to review whether some goods should be made eligible for dutyfree treatment under GSP. This is known as ‘‘GSP Update.’’ We know that some domestic groups feel that some of those items are sensitive and should not be designated dutyfree. So while we are supporting the inclusion of GSP Update in this bill, if and when the time comes to consider 
these goods for GSP, we urge the President to take into account the concerns that have been raised. I’ll provide the clerk with a list of the items that domestic groups have flagged, so that it can be entered into the record. 
allow us to keep track of imports of recreational clothing. These aren’t preferences, 
but the Senate included them, and we have House Members who support the provision. 
bill have noted that we need to do more to promote enjoyment of the great outdoors, and their goal is, eventually, to see if it’s possible to remove duties on at least some of these goods. 
be great outdoors to enjoy, not just here, but around the world. My friend Mr. DOGGETT has 
for many years advocated including a criterion in GSP that would require beneficiaries to take steps to protect the environment. If there is an effort to make any of these goods dutyfree at some point in the future, it would be my hope that those efforts would be paired with the kind of GSP criterion Mr. DOGGETT has advocated. 
much support for these programs that a similar bill passed almost unanimously in the Senate last month. And I imagine the same will happen here today. I look forward to a time when we won’t need preference packages at all, when the poorest of nations will have reached a level of development and productive capacity that they can compete with any other country. We are not there, but programs like the ones we’re extending today will help them get there. 
1295—Potentially Sensitive Items for GSP, by Harmonized Tariff Schedule Number 
4202.12.60 4202.12.80 4202.22.40 4202.22.45 4202.22.60 4202.22.80 4202.32.40 4202.32.80 4202.32.95 4202.92.08 4202.92.15 4202.92.20 4202.92.30 4202.92.90 
add a couple responses before I yield to the chairman of the Trade Subcommittee. 
words. This is a bipartisan bill, and there is a time sensitivity here. It is very important, particularly for African nations in AGOA, that this gets done very quickly so that the proper signals are sent to the investors, to the factories, to the employers so that people can keep their jobs. That is one of the many reasons why we wanted to honor the commitment with the gentlewoman from California, with the gentleman from New York, to keep this distinct and separate and to get it moving through. So it is our intention that this gets moved through here, and then it is off and done. 
on the other side of the aisle for their indulgence. This is one of those kind of rare, these days, moments of bipartisan support where this is good, and this is something that we should all be pleased that we are seeing done. It elevates our principles. It forges our ties with other countries. And in the time sensitive nature of this, I am glad that we could come together and get this done like we are. 
of the Subcommittee on Trade of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
want to add my congratulations to the chairman of the Committee on Ways 
and Means, Mr. RYAN, for the bipartisan nature of the work on this bill. Without his leadership, it wouldn’t have happened. I also appreciate the leadership of the ranking member of the Trade Subcommittee, Mr. RANGEL , 
who has been an advocate for this for a long, long time; Ranking Member LEVIN; the gentleman from Washington 
State, as it has been pointed out, and his leadership as well; the gentlewoman from California; Chairman ROYCE from California; as well as Mr. 
strong advocate of getting this done, and getting this done quickly, as the chairman said. The entire process of developing a longterm extension and enhancement of AGOA reflects the strong bipartisan commitment that has always surrounded this issue and the bipartisan commitment of our chairman. 
economic development and in national security terms as well. In the last 15 years since it was enacted, it has become the cornerstone of our relationship with Africa. Since AGOA was enacted, trade has tripled and investment has grown almost sixfold. By one estimate, AGOA supports well over a million direct and indirect jobs in subSaharan Africa and about 100,000 jobs in the United States of America. We know the countries that participate in AGOA have higher average incomes per person and higher good governance scores, including on the rule of law and political stability criteria, than subSaharan African countries that do not participate in the program. 
extend AGOA for 10 years, the longest extension that Congress has ever considered for this program. It also strengthens the program by simplifying certain rules of origin, encouraging greater regional integration, building additional flexibility, improving certainty and predictability, and expanding transparency and participation in the AGOA review process. 
heard concerns about conditions in subSaharan Africa, including very significant concerns in South Africa, on issues that affect the agriculture industry, like in my State, poultry and pork. We have worked to correct that. The bill provides new mechanisms for addressing these concerns, including a petition process and an outofcycle review. 
The bill also renews the General System of Preferences program through 
eligible products that were imported during the GSP’s lapse. GSP promotes economic development by providing dutyfree treatment for approximately 5,000 nonsensitive products from 126 developing countries. Employers in my district use this so they can grow their business and create more American jobs. 
that Haiti will continue to benefit from the HELP and HOPE programs by extending those preferences through 2025. This will encourage continued investment in Haiti and support its economic development and recovery efforts. 
minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), one of the 
authors of the original AGOA, and the people in South Africa as well as the United States are deeply indebted. 
a pleasure to be here today and to congratulate CHARLIE . 
That is when we did a bill called NAFTA, and tucked away in NAFTA was the beginning, the seeds of this particular bill. It didn’t pass until 2000 when Newt Gingrich was Speaker. Newt Gingrich ought to get at least a little bit of an acknowledgment for his part in all of this. 
Our goal then was to set up a proposal in trade that would allow for sustainable development in Africa. The last 15 years we have really achieved that goal, and that is why we are reauthorizing it today. This 10year extension gives businesses an opportunity to actually plan. 
years have been very short extensions, which has been very hard for the business community to make plans when they don’t know whether it is going to be here at the next session. 
and told me that they want to create a vertically integrated process for producing clothing in Africa, everything from growing the seeds to spinning the yarn to producing the fabric. Now, this will require a major investment on their part. This longterm renewal of AGOA will provide that business with the certainty needed to make investments. When they go to the bank, the question is: How long is this actually going to last? They now can say ‘‘10 years’’ when they go to get the money to do this. 
pleased to have been a part of this, and I think it shows that we can work together on things like trade. 
minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH), a distinguished 
Member of the Committee on Ways and Means. b1245 
Chairman for yielding and for working to bring these issues to the floor. 
This bill includes a number of critical reauthorizations, including AGOA, the Generalized System of Preferences, and trade with Haiti. It is an important first step as we address trade today and tomorrow. 
for working with me and a number of other Members to ensure the inclusion of provisions in this bill to modernize the treatment of travel goods, performance outerwear, and footwear. 
this bill, would allow the International Trade Commission to consider whether travel goods such as suitcases and backpacks are import sensitive. If, and only if, the ITC determines they are not, they would become eligible for dutyfree treatment under the Generalized System of Preferences. 
Such a determination would be constructive for us, as well as our trade partners. This would mean increasing stability and economic growth in the developing world. It would also mean greater opportunities for retailers and consumers here in our country as we expand the availability of products. 
years in the House, I would be less than honest to say that there is certain legislation that I have concern with in terms of what happens after I leave this Congress, but I am so pleased to say that the gentlewoman from California has taken this little baby and nursed it to make certain that she would be the mother of the extension and that it will continue to grow. 
H.R. 1891, the AGOA Extension and Enhancement Act of 2015. 
I am delighted to be here to speak in 
favor of an extraordinarily important bill, of which AGOA is part, and to be joined by my distinguished colleague, Ranking Member RANGEL . I do have to 
say that it is quite appropriate that we are voting on this bill today, as it is Mr. RANGEL ’s birthday. As one of the 
original authors of AGOA, we extend this birthday present to him because I know that it will pass with bipartisan support. 
of one of the other original authors, Mr. MCDERMOTT , for the longtime support of the nations in Africa and to acknowledge several Ambassadors that are here in the gallery from Lesotho, South Africa; Niger; and Gabon. 
the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. RYAN. I appreciate his timing. He made 
a commitment as soon as he took over as chair. He received numerous delegations from the continent. He made that commitment. He followed through on it, in particular, the timing, because it 
was so important that the chair and ranking member and chair of the subcommittee, Mr. TIBERI , that we did this 
soon so that we didn’t wait until AGOA was near expiration. 
with thirdcountry fabric, and we found that many jobs on the continent were lost. I want to thank him for his leadership and following through. 
AGOA—and by doing so, strengthening trade and investment between the United States and the nations of Africa—is clear. Since its enactment in 2001, AGOA has helped to significantly increase African exports to the United States and led to jobs both on the African Continent and here at home. 
100,000 jobs in the U.S. and 350,000 direct jobs and 1 million indirect jobs in SubSaharan Africa. A byproduct of this trade is the increase of U.S. exports. 
Mr. RANGEL. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. BASS. Over the past decade, numerous countries on the continent of Africa have consistently been cited by 
international financial institutions as the fastest growing economies in the world. 
have been part of this important process. I also look forward to continuing my work with my fellow Members of Congress and the administration in strengthening trade and investment relations between our country and home to the world’s fastest growing economies and newest and most dynamic trade and investment frontier, Africa. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), one of 
our newer Members who has taken a particular interest in the issue of trade. It matters greatly to the jobs in his district in Minnesota. 
Speaker, I rise in full support of the legislation that I am holding in my hand right now, the trade promotion authority bill. 
on the passage of TPA, which is a vital step in ensuring America’s future success as a nation. Whenever I get asked why—Why is it important? Why is American trade important?—I say it is not just important to Minnesota, it is important to the entire country, but I will use my State as the starter. 
to 18 Fortune 500 companies, and the two main drivers of our private economy—our success—are agriculture and manufacturing. 
important to ensure that our superior workforce, our quality companies and products, have full and fair access to other markets around the world. 
Let me be clear, TPA is not a trade 
into an agreement only after Congress and the American people have given their approval. 
It contains 150 objectives that Congress mandates the U.S. Trade Representative must adhere to during negotiations. It has a provision that allows the House to withdraw TPA at any time during its 6year authorization, effectively stopping any bad agreement in its tracks. It requires that any deal must be public for a minimum of 60 days before any vote or considerations taken by Congress. 
legislation. It is time for America to lead again, which is why I urge my colleagues to support the passage of trade promotion authority. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRENSHAW ), chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee that brought this matter of luggage to our attention in the first place. 
passage of H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act, and I want to thank Chairman RYAN and Chairman 
TIBERI for their hard work and dedication in getting this important piece of legislation to the floor. 
trade programs that have furthered our Nation’s foreign policy and national security goals. Specifically, this bill renews the Generalized System of Preferences program and includes legislation that I authored, along with Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, on a commonsense 
The GSP program helps many designated beneficiary developing countries around the world. Stable countries with employed and productive citizens lead to a safe global environment that deters wars, terrorist groups, and violent uprisings and further allows our allies to develop their own economies, health care, and educational systems. 
travel goods to the list of items eligible for review, would specifically benefit our ally the Philippines, which has suffered multiple devastating weather events. It will also help Cambodia, one of the poorest countries in the world. 
program if they are ‘‘import sensitive’’ or compete with U.S. goods. This is decided by the International Trade Commission. Therefore, having travel and luggage items placed on the GSPeligible list does not automatically give them preferential trade status. 
win for the U.S. and our allies around the world. Through this program, we are able to help countries develop their economies with little cost to the United States Government. I want to thank Chairman RYAN for 
all of his hard work. I urge passage of this bill, the Trade Preferences Extension Act. 
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), one of the House’s 
most active supporters of free trade and fair trade and who has made an outstanding contribution to this legislation. 
of this legislation. It is a bill that came out of the Senate 99–1, with wide bipartisan support; and why not? It has worked well for us in the past. It will work well for us in the future. 
This is our opportunity to meaningfully engage the African nations when it comes to trade preferences to make sure that we maintain a healthy and strong relationship with a vibrant and growing area of the world, along with some other developing nations, and Haiti, for instance, that Mr. RANGEL  
has been particularly focused on, too. I would encourage my colleagues to support it. 
have had in regard to the trade agenda that we are trying to move forward on this week. There was some concern about how the Trade Adjustment Assistance bill was going to be paid for, what offsets were being used. That now is being fixed in this bill as well through a bipartisan agreement. 
Means committee and the Republican leadership for their willingness to compromise on this issue, to make sure that this does not become a hurdle or a roadblock to advancing our trade agenda as a nation. So that is in the bill. I think Members of Congress need confidence that that offset has been fixed and paid for. 
It is my understanding that the Senate plans on moving quickly, expeditiously, in order to take up this amended version and pass it on their side, so no Member should be under any illusion that there is a problem for the payfor right now with Trade Adjustment Assistance. 
Overall, the basis of this bill is something that has worked and benefited us in the past. It is the reason why there was overwhelming bipartisan support in the Senate. We should have overwhelming bipartisan support on the floor of the House today. 
I commend the leadership of the committee, Ranking Member RANGEL and 
the work that he has put in, and I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this underlying legislation. 
I want to take this time to thank the 
chairman for changing the payfor for the TAA. I just wondered, after that very difficult and complex negotiation, why in the world they would tie that up with TPA. That means that those 
votes now, it is my understanding, procedurally, it would be one vote, and you won’t have a chance to vote for TPA and TAA separately. 
that the TAA complex payfor has been taken care of under your leadership under the bill that is before us. My question was: Why in the world would you tie that up with TPA? 
seems like you complicated that by not allowing the House to have two separate votes on two entirely separate issues. 
Mr. RANGEL. I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
came over from the other body together—both policies, TAA and TPA, in the same bill; that is why these are not separate bills, but they are separate votes. 
years of experience here, we can always choose to divide the question on a particular bill. We have chosen to divide the question on that forthcoming bill between TPA and TAA. 
just preferences, which is important for all the reasons we specified, but it also fixes the payfor problem that, on both sides of the aisle, Members had concerns with. 
has both issues together. We are simply dividing the question and having votes on each policy separately. 
thank him publicly for the great work that he has put into this issue, as well as all the important issues. 
gentleman’s courtesy and his leadership. It was my intention to engage in a colloquy with the chairman in a few minutes, but I wanted to make a couple of observations, if I could, about the subject at hand. 
of effort, one of our responsibilities in terms of promoting free and fair trade is to be able to focus attention on some of the poorest countries around the world. 
committee is doing—in the past and moving forward—to be able to deal with some of the anomalies where some of the worst, heaviest tariff burdens are on some of the poorest of countries, and our being able to extend to lessdeveloped countries opportunities to earn their own way, to have some modicum 
helps them strengthen their economies, strengthen their societies, and I really appreciate tireless efforts to extend those opportunities to others. 
I think we have got a long way to go 
in terms of being able to deal with some of the poorest of countries. We have got trade promotion authority we may be talking about with a dozen countries. But there are other poor countries around the world that we need to work with to be able to pull into opportunities for them to grow their economies, for them to be able to trade with us, to be able to strengthen civil society, and partnerships. 
years of effort in this. I wanted to express my appreciation for the underlying bill. 
further with the chairman when one of our partners surfaces. 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ), my friend and distinguished 
member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, one of the most knowledgeable persons in the House on the issue of trade. 
legislation, which passed the Senate by a vote of 99–1. It includes preferences that are critical to so many economies in the developing world: the African Growth and Opportunity Act, or AGOA, a core of close economic partnerships between the United States and a host of African nations; the Generalized System of Preferences, tariff preferences which help developing countries compete and build their economies worldwide; the Haiti HOPE and HELP programs, which provide duty free treatment for certain Haitians to help Haitians build a 21st century economy. 
have been calling for the passage of these provisions for many, many months. 
nations, they too have experienced and expressed the serious and dire consequences that they could suffer without these benefits. 
nations. The fact is, right here in the United States, exports grow as a result of increased trade with these nations that results from extending preferences in trade and investment flows—critical to my district and districts all across the United States. It is critically important. 
way that we can pass it in a bipartisan way, because this is an important aspect of also making sure that we are secure because, as we help these nations on their feet and put them in part of the global economy, we are making sure that we are giving hope and opportunity to all. 
So I heartily support, and ask everyone to support this bipartisan bill, which passed, again, 99–1 in the Senate. Collectively, we are going to make this place a better place. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank Mr. MEEKS , the gentleman who just left. He has been a great leader on this issue, on trade. 
watching who aren’t steeped in the intricacies of the trade law: what this bill is, the bill with respect to Haiti, the African Growth and Opportunity Act, GSP, it is trade, not aid. It is combining the need in America for high quality, lowercost goods that are not made in America with the need for economic growth and jobs in developing countries. It is a winwin. 
getting opportunity. People are getting jobs. People are getting out of poverty, and they are making products that Americans need, that Americans don’t make right here. And we are getting highquality, lowerpriced products as 
taxpayer in Wisconsin, for the hard working taxpayer in New York and throughout America, they are stretching their dollar more. That means their paycheck goes farther. That means that they are buying shoes for their kids or blankets at home or towels, or luggage. They can buy more of it. It doesn’t cost as much. 
go to that and even more things because it gives them more takehome pay. That is why it is good for us. 
And why it is good for people in the 
developing world is it is helping them build an economy. It is helping them attract manufacturers and exporters who create jobs and opportunity. 
policy, it is so important. You have heard it a million times: we believe in trade, not aid. You teach a man how to fish instead of feeding him a fish. We all know the parables we can get into. That is what this is. 
grow your economy, to be independent, to be selfsufficient, to help people get more opportunity to pull themselves out of poverty. That is in the interest of the human person involved, but it is also in the interest of our countries, so that we can help the developing world get into the First World, so that we can help the developing world raise their living standards. 
tacks, material standpoint, having the developing world grow, having people enter the middle class in other countries means more customers for our products. It means more trade for us. 
But, from an international standpoint, from a foreign policy standpoint, it means these countries are more secure. They are more safe. They are more prosperous. And they enter the world from a developing nation to the developed world. That is good for everybody. That is good for all. 
That is why this is one of the more 
important components of our foreign policy as a country and our economic policy, in general. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, how 
from New York has 131⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Wisconsin has 13
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. And I just want to take a moment to recognize the chairman, the ranking member, the subcommittee chairman and ranking member, for their work on this critical legislation. 
home to thousands of Haitian Americans, and I know that they will soon be expressing their gratitude to this House, to this Congress, for passing this important bipartisan legislation. 
opportunity, hope for the people of the continent of Africa, but also for the people of Haiti. And in south Florida, we have a very special bond with Haiti. We know how much that country needs American involvement, opportunity. 
And the relatives of so many Haitians who live in south Florida will be beaming with pride and gratitude when they get the news that this House has passed this critical legislation. 
just trade legislation. This is foreign policy. This is foreign aid, but the aid that really helps people prosper, the aid that allows companies, governments to provide opportunity for their citizens. 
our citizens. The more markets that we help create for our products, American businesses and American families will thrive. 
complaining that the economic recovery has been weak; that it has left the people at the bottom behind. This is our opportunity to change that, to create more markets for American exports, to give people hope and opportunity, so that the United States can continue being that country, Mr. Speaker, where anyone who comes and wants to succeed and wants to work hard will have that opportunity. This is how we do it, and we also do it by working together. 
strengthen Medicare, and today we have taken another important step toward strengthening Medicare. How? By working together. This is exactly what the American people sent us here to do. 
have refused to cooperate, have refused to find common ground. Well, we are doing that today, and I am so proud to be able to come to the floor of the House to congratulate our leaders for their fine work, and to offer my strong support of this important bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), a senior member of the Ways and Means Committee and the chairman of the Human Resources Subcommittee. 
part of our soft power. This is about how America exerts soft power in these regions. It is about helping to build trade capacity in the long run to get us to expanded commercial relations in areas of need. 
implementation of WTO agreements, including the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement, which eliminates red tape at the border, something that we have worked very hard to do and something that will benefit American companies in the long run, as well as our trading partners. 
AGOA beneficiaries of utilizing strategies to improve the effectiveness and use of the program to make this program more effective. It commits the United States to working with AGOA beneficiaries to develop and implement these kinds of strategies. It outlines a path for deepening and expanding trade and investment ties, all good for American national security, good for the American economy, good for job creation. 
The Generalized System of Preferences program—extends this program until December 31, 2017. It provides retroactive relief to eligible products that were imported during the lapse of the program, and it implements U.S.WTO commitments by making dutyfree certain cotton articles eligible from least developed beneficiary developing countries. All good policy. 
With regard to Haiti—and my colleague spoke earlier about this—this extends the HOPE and HELP programs for products from Haiti until September 30, 2025; encourages foreign investment and job creation by extending trade preferences to reinvigorate the apparel industry and attract new and expanded foreign direct investment; and reaffirms U.S. foreign policy and national security interests by promoting trade and longterm investments in Haiti, as it does with the other countries in Africa through the AGOA program. We also correct the program that we 
had earlier dealing with the Medicare sequester, supplementing the entire package with a different payfor. I think that is more acceptable. 
about achieving America’s goals. This is about improving our economy. It is about growing jobs. It is about economic connectedness. It is about helping countries that have struggled and building newer relations and stronger commercial relationships with those countries. 
I urge the support of this bill. It is a 
good bill. A lot of thought went into it on both sides of the aisle. 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for the purposes of a colloquy. 
chairman’s courtesy, as I have appreciated the opportunity to be working with you on the package that is coming forward. I know we are not quite there yet. I look forward to continuing this effort. 
But I would like to engage in an issue 
colleague from the Northwest, to our consumers, and to important jobs in our district. 
footwear industry must face an unreasonable reality at our borders. Two identical looking running shoes are imported. One must pay a significantly higher tariff for a single reason: it contains a waterproof liner. Waterproof means a lot in the Pacific Northwest, for Mr. REICHERT and I. 
tariff code that charges extremely high tariffs for no good reason. 
staff working with my team, with Mr. REICHERT to try to get this right for 
tariff relief for outdoor enthusiasts and business around the country, but there is another issue at work here. 
sponsors of the U.S. OUTDOOR Act that defines and creates tariff classification unique and specific to recreational performance outerwear and eliminates import duties on those apparel products. The Preference bill achieves one of these goals of the OUTDOOR Act by creating new definitions and tariff classifications for recreational performance outerwear. 
Chairman, and those of your staff to include the provision. It provides recognition that these are distinct, unique products that will help the industry better track the imports of recreational performance outerwear and 
understand that the duty rates assigned are incorrect and, in most cases, will raise the tariffs on those products and, as a result, on small and medium sized outdoor businesses, if they are not corrected. In addition, I understand the agreedto language on the definitions of recreational performance outerwear and the list of tariff lines should be included. 
there is a commitment from you and your staff to apply the correct duty rates and make the necessary changes to the definition in the conference report on the Customs reauthorization bill. I further understand that there is a very tight window here that we both know to get this done. The new classifications will come into effect in 15 days, after the Preference bill is signed into law. 
I would appreciate your acknowledgement that I understand the commitment correctly and that we will be able to get it done within this timeframe. 
my time, first, I wanted to just note for the record that the footwear provision lowers duty on outdoor activity shoes, athletic footwear, such as gym shoes, just to make sure we can clarify that. 
(Mr. BLUMENAUER ) and also the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ), who is involved in this 
issue, for their leadership on recreational performance outerwear and footwear. 
bill will lower costs for American consumers. It will expand opportunities for U.S. businesses in these key product areas. I share both your interest in ensuring that the recreational performance outerwear provisions in this bill do, in fact, achieve their intended results in a revenueneutral fashion. We have already been working with you on these provisions, and we commit to continue to do so in the conference discussions on the Customs Trade Facilitation and Enforcement Act. So I want to commit to you to making a good faith effort to work through these highly technical provisions and to do it in a very quick timeframe. 
We anticipate a very quick and relatively brief conference so that we can get these issues resolved in a very quick and timely fashion. 
that very much. And I hope that there is one area that we might be able to engage in some activity in the future. 
there is no commercially viable production of recreational performance outerwear in the United States, yet these products still face tariffs averaging 14 percent, and some go up to almost 30 percent. So I look forward to 
the next goal of the OUTDOOR Act, which would be duty elimination. 
viable domestic production, very high rates. There are not many opportunities to pursue tariff relief anymore because we have been moving in that direction, and I think that is important. But I look forward to working with you to find the appropriate offset, to deal with revenue neutrality, and enact tariff relief on those products as soon as we can. 
gentleman for his interest. I share his interest, and I appreciate his indulgence. 
He epitomizes what can happen when we find a cause that is good for our country and good for the rest of the world. 
I thank Speaker BOEHNER , who allowed this meaningful leadership agreement to move forward; Congressman NUNES , who enthusiastically supported the extension of AGOA; my dear and longtime friend from Utah, Senator HATCH , who managed to keep the 
bill as clean as possible during this journey with the other house; Senator BILLNELSON , who is a longtime friend 
and supporter of the extension of the trade agreement that we have with Haiti; and also the African Diplomatic Corps. They certainly did gain the confidence of Republicans and Democrats as they shared their problems and their ability to overcome some of the objections that Members had. 
the staff on both sides of the aisle. We can come up with the great ideas, as we normally do, but it takes the staff to put them in the position and put the legislation in place so that we can move forward with it. So on behalf of the chairman and all of the Members that have played a part in the historic extension of this legislation, I want to thank the staff members that made it possible to bring us to this point that we can pass this important piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Wisconsin has 2 minutes remaining. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
York. This is an issue that he has been passionate about for a long time that he, along with other leaders here, championed. 
working very well with each other on this issue. We know that this is a win win. 
paying attention to this, this bill makes a big difference. It makes a big 
difference. It makes a big difference for our constituents, for consumers at home, and it makes a big difference for people who are aspiring to live a dream, who are aspiring to get themselves out of poverty, who are aspiring to make a good life for themselves and their children. 
be proud of, and I am very pleased that we have the kind of bipartisan coalition that we have on this issue. So that is why I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I am also pleased we were able to fix 
the other issues, such as sequester, in this bill. And I think, for all of those reasons, we should vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. 
Wednesday, June 10, 2015, the previous question is ordered. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 397, nays 32, not voting 4, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Babin Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Garrett 
Gosar Hunter Jones Jordan Labrador Loudermilk Lummis Massie Mooney (WV) 
Messrs. BRAT, MOONEY of West Virginia, BROOKS of Alabama, PETERSON, SCHWEIKERT, ROHRABACHER, WEBER of Texas, YOHO, and POE of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
RUPPERSBERGER, LIPINSKI, MURPHY of Pennsylvania, RUSH, YOUNG of Alaska, and JOHNSON of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
mistakenly voted ‘‘no.’’ I would like to vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 345, the Motion to Concur in the Senate amendments with a House amendment to H.R. 1295. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, the bill had been read through page 163, line 2. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment by Mr. G OSAR of Arizona. Amendment by Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 196, noes 231, not voting 6, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rohrabacher Rokita RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 157, noes 270, not voting 6, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated against: Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 347, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 165, noes 264, not voting 4, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 256, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Gohmert Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Rooney (FL) RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 81, noes 347, not voting 5, as follows: 
Babin Barletta Benishek Bilirakis Bost Brooks (AL) Burgess Butterfield Carson (IN) Cartwright Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeSantis Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Fleming Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gallego Gohmert Gosar Graham Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Harris 
Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Hurd (TX) Jenkins (KS) Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Lawrence Long Loudermilk Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Maloney, Sean Massie McSally Messer Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norcross Pallone Perry 
Pingree Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Rangel Ratcliffe Rokita Ross Rouzer Ruiz Ruppersberger Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Sensenbrenner Sinema Thompson (PA) Titus Wagner Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westmoreland Wilson (FL) 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Posey Price, Tom Quigley Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen 
Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 165, noes 265, not voting 3, as follows: 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) 
Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa 
Holding Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schiff Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 51, noes 378, not voting 4, as follows: 
Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Burgess Carter (GA) Collins (GA) Cramer Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Fleming Gallego Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Griffith Grijalva Harris 
Hice, Jody B. Huelskamp Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Labrador LaMalfa Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lummis Massie McClintock Meadows Mica Nugent 
Pearce Perry Polis Posey Price, Tom Reichert Rokita Salmon Sanford Thompson (PA) Tipton Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Young (IA) 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meng Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Stated against: Mr. HILL. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 352 
Gosar No. 2 DoD App.’s I was detained in a constituent meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 166, noes 262, not voting 5, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foster Foxx 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibson Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Hunter Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Young (IA) 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E LLISON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 187, noes 242, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 133, noes 297, not voting 3, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Collins (GA) Comstock Cramer Crawford Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Gibbs Goodlatte Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Marino McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce 
Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Westerman Westmoreland Williams Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson 
Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah 
Fitzpatrick Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
MALONEY of New York changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 255, noes 174, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Courtney Cramer Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mica Mooney (WV) Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano 
Sessions Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stutzman Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton 
Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Barletta Barr Benishek Bera Bishop (MI) Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Calvert Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Ellmers (NC) Fincher Flores Forbes Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (MO) Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings 
Heck (NV) Hill Himes Holding Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Langevin Lee Lipinski LoBiondo Long Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo 
Quigley Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger 
Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schiff Scott, Austin Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thornberry Tiberi Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise and report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) having assumed the chair, 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 303, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
H.R. 2685 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Army’’ account, on page 7, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ account, on page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
on page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
on page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount relating to research, development, test and evaluation, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
on page 36, line 20, after the dollar amount relating to the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, this amendment is simple. First, it will add $2 million to the Army Threat Integration Center to protect our troops and their families from terrorist attacks. 
groups are directly threatening Americans, our troops, and our allies abroad every single day. In fact, a group related to ISIS recently posted the photos and addresses of about 100 hundred U.S. troops online so that, in their words, ‘‘our brothers residing in America can deal with you.’’ 
threatened with attacks. We can’t stand idly by; we must act, and this additional funding will help. 
for the Yellow Ribbon reintegration program to help Active Duty and National Guard troops. As a veteran myself, I know just how difficult the reintegration process can be. In fact, I am in regular contact with many of the marines from my platoon, and we talk about this every day. 
lives on the line for our country and our freedom. We owe it to them to provide them with the resources they need both on and off the battlefield. 
Lastly, this amendment adds $5 million for Joint Warfighter Medical Research, which provides the latest cuttingedge techniques to save injured troops on the battlefield. 
behalf should know that we have their backs at the most difficult times. 
with a reasonable and commonsense reduction in funding for Defense Media Activity, which provides magazines and movies for our military. 
I ask my colleagues: Is it more important to fund the fight against ISIS or to fund governmentsponsored Scooby Doo? After all, if the troops really want to watch it, they can get their cartoons on their smartphones anyway. 
choice that is so clear. Let’s take a small step to improve this bill for our military families and for our troops. 
motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
speaking on the motion to recommit, Mr. VISCLOSKY and I would like to 
thank our consummate professional staff that put this bill together for all of us, headed up by our clerk, Rob Blair; Tim Prince; Paul Terry; Walter Hearne; B.G. Wright; Brooke Boyer; Adrienne Ramsey; Megan Milam; Collin Lee; Cornell Teague; and Sherry Young; of my staff, Nancy Fox, Steve Wilson, and Katie Hazlett; minority clerks Becky Leggieri and Taunja Berquam; and from Mr. VISCLOSKY ’s 
Mr. Chairman, over the years, Members of Congress have agreed that the Defense Appropriations bill is no place for partisan politics. Our national security is far too important. 
other party has decided to throw that tradition out the window, and their timing couldn’t be more unfortunate. 
over 200,000 men and women in uniform do the hard work of freedom across the globe—in Afghanistan, Iraq, the Sinai, Eastern Europe, along the DMZ, and other faraway places. These members of our Armed Forces and their comrades who serve here at home and their families all deserve our admiration and untiring gratitude. 
This bipartisan bill before you delivers for them. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on final passage of this bipartisan bill that recognizes and honors their service. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 240, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
358, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
of H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ had I been present for the final roll (Roll no. 358). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OLLINS of New York) laid before the 
House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate passed S. 253. With best wishes, I am 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1314, ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 644, FIGHTING HUNGER INCENTIVE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 305 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. The 
divided as follows: first, concurring in section 212 of the Senate amendment; second, concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment; and third, concurring in the matter preceding title II of the Senate amendment. The portion of the divided question on concurring in section 212 of the Senate amendment shall be considered as adopted. The Chair shall first put the question on the portion of the divided question on concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment. If any portion of the divided question fails of adoption, then the House shall be considered to have made no disposition of the Senate amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to my very dear friend, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), the ranking 
member of the Rules Committee, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in defense of Ronald Reagan Republican free trade principles and in support of trade promotion authority, which is known as TPA. 
Reagan, Republicans have supported free trade because we know that when America competes, America wins. TPA is a vital piece of our free trade agenda because it creates the process that we need to secure trade agreements that grow our economy, create goodpaying 
For America to continue to determine the rules of the global economy, we need to lead by crafting free trade agreements, and thus, the House is here today to provide to the President the parameters under which he or she should negotiate a trade promotion authority. 
American jobs. Free trade means that American workers make American products at American businesses to be sold all across the globe. More than 38 million American jobs are tied to trade, and these jobs pay well. In fact, traderelated jobs, on average, pay 18 percent more than jobs that are not trade related. 
here today with Ronald Reagan watching from Heaven down on us, to say that we are continuing what he really began, and that is a process of American exceptionalism around the world. 
yield myself such time as I may consume and thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary time. 
Tuesday night, the Rules Committee learned we would consider the Senate’s package of three sweeping trade bills. We convened mere hours later and considered hundreds of pages of new text rewriting our trade laws and the rules of the House. 
called fast track, a procedure that has outlived its purpose and circumvents congressional authority because it does not allow for committee debate or for the Members to be able to amend it or change it, just to vote up or down—at least that is what happened over here in the House. 
It silences the debates of the Members of the Chamber, and by doing that, the Americans who send us here don’t have a voice. We are being asked to push this TransPacific Partnership through by using fast track, and what is more, we are being asked to push fast track through with a closed rule. 
about what is in this fast track. As you know, we really aren’t allowed to know. We are only allowed to vote up or down on the trade bill itself, once fast track is passed. 
here; if we wanted to go see it, we had to take someone with us with a security clearance, but we would not be allowed to talk about it. 
that is even worse, an article of The New York Times about the Australian Government and the members of Parliament there who say that, if they go down and read the trade bill, they have to sign an oath that they will not speak of it for 4 years. 
runs these democracies, the Representatives of the people of the United 
States or the corporate giants who write the trade bills that we are not able to see? 
It is pretty clear who runs it here because, from what we have heard, that was leaked out through WikiLeaks, is that major parts of this bill have been negotiated by Big Pharma, the pharmaceutical industries of America, and the financial system. Neither one of those have shown any aptitude to try to put the members of the public first. 
fact that pharma is asking for 12 more years’ extension on their patents that they are very much afraid it will destroy their healthcare system. 
simply by the leaks of what is in this bill, and so far, according to the polls, nobody much likes it. 
have had a transparent debate about a bill we had seen and a bill that we know, all we do is roll what happened in the Rules Committee yesterday. Yesterday, no Member of the Rules Committee or any Member of the House who came before it was allowed to have amendments approved. 
Now, the Senate did; the Senate allowed amendments to change the bills considerably, but not us. Amendments were offered in the Rules Committee to provide for transparency so that we will know what these things are all about. 
we need to really bear down on—and the Australians are also aware of—is that disputes from any of the 12 countries in this trade agreement, if they do not approve of or believe they are losing money because of our Clean Air Act or our Clean Water Act, they can go to the threeperson tribunal of corporate lawyers and act against us. 
this Congress because just yesterday, they voted away the country of origin labeling because they were concerned about the WTO. 
amendments. We also had one amendment on currency manipulation, which is a major concern. We lose lots of jobs and lots of money because of currency manipulation, and we simply allow it to happen. 
says, if that should be in this bill at all, that the President would veto it— so the American public, once again, those of us standing here trying to take care of them, are not going to be able to do it because we only know by word of mouth or what we have been able to read in the newspapers what is in there. 
Let me tell you what is in the rule. 
That is a very important piece. Most of the discussion in the House has been around what we call the payfor part of the trade bill, which is called trade adjustment allowance. That is supposed to take care of all the people who are laid off, who lose their jobs. The fact 
number indicates to me that they expect an awful lot of jobs lost in this country. 
So how the TAA was paid for, as it 
came from the Senate, was with a $700 million cut in Medicare. NANCY PELOSI  
I need to make it very clear, and I 
want everybody to understand that the bill we voted on this morning, the African growth bill, which contains the new payfors other than Medicare, are not valid until after the Senate acts on that bill. If tomorrow on the floor, the trade adjustment allowance and the fast track authority pass, they will go to the Senate, with the payfors coming from Medicare. 
make that point because many of the people that serve with us here are confused about exactly where that is coming from. 
substitute from the use of Medicare to pay for trade adjustment allowance will not be valid until after there is Senate action, if or when that takes place. 
over in the Senate that he would do this under unanimous consent, but we have also been told that unanimous consent will not be given. 
of the fast track and TPP are telling us that this is going to be a wonderful trade deal. 
We know that it is not going to create jobs because none of them have. Those of us in upstate New York, after NAFTA, we were told we were going to get at least 250,000 new jobs; instead, as the Speaker probably knows, we lost a great deal. 
If we, as Members of Congress, wanted to view the deal, we could not talk about it; and that, by itself, should be enough to have us not do it. 
In a seminal sociological and political discussion of our early American democracy, ‘‘Democracy in America,’’ Alexis de Tocqueville said of our Nation in 1835: ‘‘The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint. But from time to time, one can see the old aristocratic colors breaking through.’’ 
Speaker, because this bill, this trade bill that affects every person in the United States—and will for maybe a generation to come—is not being written by the Members of the House of Representatives or of the Senate, but in a closed, backroom deal and, as we are told, by major corporations in the United States to benefit themselves. That certainly appears to be what we are going to get. 
in setting the trade policies, we give away our ability to safeguard America’s jobs and, most importantly again, 
as I pointed out, the American laws meant to protect the citizens we represent, such as the Clean Water Act. I have never seen in my years of Congress a trade bill come out of this Congress that benefited either the American manufacturer or the American worker. This one is the same. 
for another jobkilling trade agreement should take a serious look at NAFTA and at our growing trade deficit with South Korea and think about whether they want to be responsible for shipping their constituents’ jobs overseas. 
Now, we know this bill has been modeled after the failed policies that have shuttered store windows and closed factories all across the Nation. That is the legacy, ladies and gentlemen, of free trade. What we ought to demand in our trading bills is fair trade. America should not be the supplier of jobs to bolster the rest of world and improve their economies at the cost of ours. 
standards to environmental protections, this trade deal would impact every facet of our daily lives. Ninety percent of the seafood now that is consumed by Americans is imported. Less than 3 percent of it is inspected. Tons of it have been sent back just from that small amount being inspected. 
them coming in here under the investorstate dispute settlement or under this free trade act. 
the rule and carefully, carefully consider the trade package before us. 
I reserve the balance of my time Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the 
gentlewoman originally, I believe, is from Kentucky, and she will recognize when I tell this awesome story about how important a free trade agreement is. 
A couple of years ago, we did a free 
trade agreement with the country of Korea. Within a year, Mr. Speaker, as a result of that trade agreement, the number one selling car in Korea came from Georgetown, Kentucky. It is a Toyota Camry made in the United States. The Koreans love it, a Kentuckymade product. 
trade agreement with Korea, the people in Georgetown, Kentucky, couldn’t claim to be the number one car in Korea. 
minutes to the young gentleman from Auburn, Washington (Mr. REICHERT ), a 
rising today in support of today’s rule, which will allow us to proceed in consideration of trade promotion authority, trade adjustment assistance, and customs legislation. 
is absolutely critical to our economic growth and global leadership. Without TPA, we will not be able to bring home the benefits of a highstandard trade 
standard trade agreements? Job creation, selling American products across this globe to 96 percent of the market, which exists outside of this country. Selling American, that is what we want to do. 
jobs, but we create jobs that are higher paid wages, which we are all trying to struggle with across this country in raising the minimum wage. We can do that in this trade adjustment and trade promotion authority. 
This is counter to exactly what communities across the Nation need right now: more opportunities, more good paying jobs; and that leads to a promising future for our families, for our children, to betterpaying, hightech jobs and manufacturing jobs across this country. 
I am proud to be the House sponsor of 
legislation to renew trade adjustment assistance because I understand the necessity of TAA. 
initiative here, but we are also taking into consideration, as we move ahead in this global economy, that there may be people who do have opportunities to look at other jobs; and this TAA bill provides training and education for people to have and gain better jobs, higher paying jobs. So I would encourage my colleagues to vote for this rule in support of TPA, TAA, and the customs legislation. 
yield myself 1 minute because I do so appreciate my friend, Mr. SESSIONS , 
giving us a good Kentucky story. I need to change that story just a little bit. That factory has been in Georgetown for at least three decades. It is Toyota, which is Japanese. 
dealers in the country that will sell an American car. Of course, we buy Japanese cars that are made here, but they don’t buy ours in Japan. I think about 2 years ago we had only sold 8,000 American cars in Japan for that entire year, and I would imagine we sell that many Japanese cars in the United States on a daily basis. 
So I appreciate the story. Georgetown, I know, would love to be mentioned, but we have got to get it right. 
Now I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). 
opposition to this rule because America’s middle class and our workers have been under economic attack. I rise to voice my opposition to the very restrictive process being used to shove these job outsourcing trade deals through Congress. 
our House any amendment, even on currency manipulation, on legislation that is sure to impact every single American, turning our oversight role into little more than a rubberstamp. This makes a mockery of the House’s 
pursued because Republican leaders simply do not want to go to conference with the Senate. This belies every American, every Member their right to be represented and have a voice in this process. 
corporations and lobbyists, the 1 percent, helped to write, amend, and draft the TPP, the TransPacific Partnership, line by line. 
with negotiation in the final stages, Members of Congress were only recently given our first access. To read it, you have to go to a secure room, deep in the Visitor Center. We are supervised. Any notes we take are confiscated, and we can’t discuss what we find with anyone unless they have top secret clearance. 
The trade deal is a secret deal because they want to fasttrack it through Congress, hoping Congress really won’t understand what is in it. And I find it hard to imagine a more dangerous or irresponsible approach than fasttracking another trade deal through Congress. 
gateway to the TransPacific Partnership. Both will further harm workers and communities to a faster global race to the bottom, with more outsourcing of jobs, more lower wages, more dropping benefits, more lower standards for worker safety, compensation, and environment. We have seen that since NAFTA passed 30 years ago. 
destructive trade deals that were brought down on our Nation’s workers and communities. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
time, every time one of these socalled free trade deals is signed, America moves into deeper and deeper trade deficit, deeper and deeper red ink, as more of our jobs get shipped abroad. 
Ohio and Michigan Avenues in Matamoros, Mexico, and looking at the TRICO windshield factory that was moved from the State of New York down there, and Parker Seals. It almost seemed like a movie set but for one thing, it was real. 
cost us 20 percent of our GDP. Is anybody here paying attention or are we all a part of the 1 percent and forget about the 99 percent who have had to bear the brunt of this terrible, terrible outsourcing of jobs? 
region have dropped by $7,000. This trade deficit didn’t happen by accident. Some people got filthy rich off of it. 
‘‘No more. No more. We are going to do it right. We are going to create trade deals that create jobs in our country, 
create a stronger middle class, raise wages, improve the environment, here and abroad. No more taking it out of the hide of America’s workers.’’ 
their shoulders. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule and ‘‘no’’ on TAA and ‘‘no’’ on TPP. 
know, I love the fervency of our colleagues who come down here and argue Japan is the problem. You can’t talk about the trade agreement that we have with Korea where it works— Japan, Japan, Japan. 
a trade deal with what is called TPP, of which Japan would be included. This is a deal where my colleagues come down and don’t like our trade deficits, but the bottom line is that the United States has a trade surplus with its 20 free trade partners. 
nontrade agreement, where we run a deficit and they close their market, to a trade deal where we run a surplus where people want to buy American made products. If they will listen, we have got a good deal for them today. And one of those good deals, Mr. Speaker, is agriculture, so that our men and women engaged in agriculture can sell their products around the world. 
strong support of the rule, and I especially want to commend Chairman RYAN and his colleagues on Ways and 
Means for their hard work in bringing us the underlying legislation. 
America’s farmers and ranchers are the most productive in the world. They have continuously proven their ability to meet rapidly growing and ever changing demands here at home, and their reach stretches well beyond the shores of America. In fact, exports now account for almost onethird of total U.S. farm income. In the case of commodities like cotton, tree nuts, rice, and wheat, over onehalf the total production is exported. 
In 2014 alone, U.S. agricultural exports set a record $152.5 billion, highlighting the growing demand for quality food and fiber around the world. As was noted in a recent hearing before the House Agriculture Committee, the United States exported almost as much beef, pork, and poultry to the 20 nations with which we have trade agreements as they did the other 170plus nations in the world. 
Beyond the obvious benefits to producers, trade also helps support almost 1 million American jobs in production agriculture and in related sectors like food processing and transportation. As a result, it is crucial not only to American agriculture, but to the U.S. economy as a whole, to maintain and increase access to the world’s 7 billion consumers, 95 percent of whom live 
outside the shores of the United States. To obtain that access, it is imperative that we work to reduce and eliminate international barriers to trade so that our farmers and ranchers can compete on a level playing field in the global market. 
Organization languishing for the last 14 years, regional free trade agreements represent our best opportunity for expanding trade opportunities for U.S. agricultural. History has shown that trade promotion authority in one form or another has been vital in completing and implementing past agreements. In fact, Congress has granted TPA to every President since 1974, and the 114th Congress should be no exception. 
with the credibility necessary to conclude the most effective trade agreements possible by making it clear to the rest of the world that Congress and this administration are serious about this endeavor. 
The legislation before us today empowers Congress to move the aggressive trade agenda. It includes the strongest measures, to date, for ensuring that this President sticks to the negotiating objectives laid down by Congress, including the unicameral ability to turn TPA off on an individual agreement. At the end of the 
day, it is Congress that will decide the fate of each agreement. 
In conclusion, I am a strong proponent of free trade and the benefits it provides our Nation’s producers and consumers. However, if we are not going to continue to expand American markets, other countries, often with lower standards, will step up to the plate and fill that demand. Markets are not won or regained easily after they have been lost, and billions around the globe still want America’s quality food and fiber. 
our economy, and meet these global demands first and foremost by showing that we are, in fact, a strong and reliable trading partner. We can make that happen by passing this rule and the underlying TPA agreement. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her tremendous leadership on so many issues. 
this rule. Our country has already lost too many goodpaying American jobs because of past trade deals. We should be clear about what this rule would do. This rule is really a vote to extended Medicare sequestration and provides for no amendments in the fast track bill, Trade Adjustment Assistance, and the customs bill. 
trade deals are passed without congressional oversight: American jobs shift 
overseas—many come from communities of color; dangerous food makes its way to our meals; human rights are 
violated; labor standards are ignored; and the effects of climate change get worse. 
The American people do deserve better. The American people deserve a trade policy that creates American jobs and an open process for passing trade deals that gives them a strong voice. 
track does neither. This is a bad deal for American workers. It is bad for American jobs. It needs to go back to the drawing board, a drawing board that is public and that gives the American people a voice in trade policy, not just big corporations and hedge fund managers. 
trade deficit with China cost more than 2.7 million jobs. Nearly 1 million of these jobs, mind you, came from communities of color. After these workers lost their jobs, their situation went from bad to worse. 
nearly 30 percent—or more than $10,000 a year. The total economic cost of this job loss to these communities is more than $10 billion. Now, that is $10 billion each and every year. 
deal to shift millions more of American jobs overseas. We cannot allow another bad trade deal to strip billions from struggling communities. We cannot allow this rule or a flawed TAA or fast track to pass. 
have the honor of representing the Port of Oakland, and I understand the critical role that trade plays in the economy in my district in California and also in our country. 
grows our economy. This bill is not fair; it is not open, and it is not transparent. 
I have the honor of representing the Port of 
Oakland and I understand the critical role that trade plays in the economy of my district, California and our country. 
This bill—Fast Track—is not fair. It’s not open— And it’s not transparent. So once again, I urge a ‘‘NO’’ vote on this 
Rule, a ‘‘NO’’ on the flawed TAA, and a ‘‘NO’’ on Fast Track. 
she was in reference to ObamaCare, which is why we are losing American jobs all across this country. 
is trade with other countries and we have a trade deal, America wins, and we get more jobs. As an example, 3 million jobs in the Lone Star State of Texas are related to trade, and jobs are growing nearly twice as fast as nontrade jobs. This is what is happening. It is the vibrancy of America. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Harrison Township, Michigan (Mrs. MILLER), chairman of the House Administration Committee. 
which, of course, is the heart of American manufacturing. Michigan manufacturers, especially the Big Three domestic auto companies, have all had concerns for years about the unfair competitive disadvantage that they face by nations that manipulate their currency such as Japan, South Korea, and China. 
Congress moves forward with legislation to give trade promotion authority to this President and others, that the package must also include strong, new tools allowing America to fight back against those nations that unfairly manipulate their currency and those that harm American manufacturers. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very, very thankful that Chairman RYAN and House 
leadership agreed to work with us to craft an approach which I believe is a strong step forward. For decades, administrations of both parties have refused to identify foreign currency manipulators or to take any action to stop it. 
The manager’s amendment, put forward by Chairman RYAN, that we 
worked with him to develop, gets very, very tough on currency manipulators. For the first time ever, Mr. Speaker, it puts in place a threepart test to define currency manipulation with specific guidance requiring nations that manipulate their currency to be named publicly. 
be shifted from reporting and monitoring to actionable items and to steps that will show the impact of currency manipulation on the American economy, as well, Mr. Speaker, as requiring remedial action to be taken. 
Nation that we trade with, not just those that might be included in the TPP, but every Nation that we trade with, including South Korea and China, as I mentioned, Japan. 
the right direction, more needs to be done; absolutely, more needs to be done. Here in Congress, every Member of Congress continues to reserve the right to oppose any TPP agreement that does not meet the needs of the American economy and the American manufacturing industry. 
With these changes that I have outlined here that are going to be in the manager’s amendment, I support—and I am proud to support—this trade package that will provide an opportunity to drive our economy forward. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. 
Mr. Speaker, prior to coming to Congress, I worked for a while as an ironworker at the Quincy shipyard in Quincy, Massachusetts. I was a welder. 
policy, that shipyard closed down, and thousands of workers were laid off. Later on, I also worked at the General Motors facility in Framingham, Massachusetts, and the company decided to close that plant down, while they opened three new ones in Mexico. I have seen what lousy trade policy can do. 
trade policy is that it is negotiated in secret by multinational corporations who are basically hiring foreign labor at very low wages, move the jobs overseas, and then export the products back into the United States. 
wages for the countries that we are dealing with in this trade agreement for Malaysia and Vietnam, it is less than $1 an hour for the minimum wage in those countries, and they maintain those low wages so that they can attract business. It is a race to the bottom. 
I do want to say that, as part of my 
job with the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, I have had a chance to go to South Korea and Japan to see how our trade agreements have been working out there. 
days, and just on my own, with my staff, I looked for an American car for several days. We were in traffic a lot. South Korea is a booming industrial country, major highways. I saw hundreds of thousands of cars. 
One was the one I was driving in from the Embassy, and the second car was my security detail behind me. Those were the only two U.S. cars, only two U.S. cars. 
as well. You need a detective to find a U.S. car in Japan. That is the plain and simple fact. They import $1 billion worth of U.S.manufactured products in auto and the air industry; we import $25 billion. 
to the gentleman from Massachusetts just to ask one simple question: What was that trade deal that you were talking about? 
Mr. SESSIONS. Two years ago? Mr. LYNCH. Two years ago. Mr. SESSIONS. I thought you said 
The job I lost—you were talking to people—the job I lost, 2,700 workers lost at the GM plant, those plants were reopened in Mexico. 
that I would like to make, and that is we need a trade deal with Japan to level the playing field, and that is exactly what we are going to do. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING), who sits on the Ways and Means 
like to thank Chairmen R YAN, SESSIONS , and T IBERI for their tireless effort to move us closer to realizing trade deals that will unlock new markets and bolster our national security. 
the rule in front of us today and the trade promotion authority legislation we will consider tomorrow. 
trade are well established and undeniable. For companies in my State, the pending trade deals would remove tariff barriers and unlock doors for businesses such as Morris & Associates, who export the world’s best poultry chilling equipment; or a company like Cummins Engine in my State to export U.S.made engines; and to allow countless farms in my district and State to export hogs, chickens, tobacco, and sweet potatoes all across the globe. This means increased productivity, which means better wages and more jobs. 
is about empowering Congress, making sure that this body and the people’s elected representatives keep tight reins on this President. 
the President’s laundry list of unconstitutional actions from immigration, to his administration’s unilateral attempts to salvage the sinking ship that is ObamaCare, which is why TPA is needed. 
trade deals whether or not we pass TPA. Why wouldn’t we want to make this President’s negotiators more accountable, the deals themselves more transparent, and make our oversight more effective? 
President disregards the parameters Congress sets out or fails to consult Members at every step, Congress can turn off TPA. If the President comes back with a bad trade deal, Congress can vote it down. 
only get the best deals possible, but also need this authority to check the President. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the land of cars, Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). 
we are considering today represents everything for me that is wrong with politics. We are currently debating the most important package of trade legislation in a generation; yet, despite how critical this issue is to American jobs, this rule does not allow any amendments. 
of all trade barriers, has cost this country as many as 5 million jobs. A bipartisan group of 20 Members—10 Republicans, 10 Democrats—proposed an amendment to address this, and it is vital that Congress debate and vote on how to address currency manipulation as we set U.S. trade policy for the next decade. 
With nothing but the deepest of respect for the chair of the Rules Committee, I want to give you the facts about the Korean free trade agreement. The reality is that after it passed, we increased exports to Korea from 14,000 to 34,000. 
800,000 to the U.S. before the trade agreement and now exports 1.3 million. We increased our exports to Korea by 20,000, and they have increased their exports to this country by 461,000. 
in currency manipulation in this country than Ford Motor Company did in its worldwide operations. 
and open debate on trade policy, not procedural gimmicks and political games that shut out amendments and avoid the tough questions. 
debate on the issues that the working men and women of this country have sent us here to consider and that are so critical to the livelihood and the backbone of this American economy. American jobs are at stake. 
minutes to the gentleman from Sunnyside, Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), a 
farmer and a rancher and a freshman Member on the Rules Committee. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I thank the chairman for yielding his time. 
the rule and the underlying trade promotion authority granted by H.R. 1314. 
As a member of the Rules Committee, I can affirm that the committee heard and seriously considered many amendments and concerns from both Democratic and Republican Members late into the night. This rule has been very fair, deliberative, and interested parties have been given ample opportunity to weigh in on it and on the underlying legislation. 
come from the State of Washington, which is the most tradebenefited State in the country. If my colleagues want to see the benefit trade brings and the jobs it creates, they only have to look at my State. We export coffee, aircraft, 
footwear, software—you name it. We also have an enormous agriculture industry. In Washington, we export fully 30 percent of the apples we grow, more than 85 percent of the wheat, 75 percent of the hops. Right now, consumers around the world are enjoying a brand new crop of fresh Washington State cherries, but the trade success story I want to share with you today is about potatoes. 
Agreement that the Congress passed and the President signed in 2011, we shipped $53 million worth of french fries to South Korea. After that agreement was passed, that value rose to $83 million—a 57 percent increase in just 2 years—largely attributed to the trade barriers that were lowered. For the record, that potato industry supports fully 24,000 jobs in my State. Those are goodpaying jobs which are all supported by trade. 
creating a fair playing field for American producers so we can create more jobs here at home. Most people may not know this, but, right now, American wines face 50 percent tariffs in Japan. Chilean and Argentinean wines face no tariffs at all. Our beef faces a 38 percent tariff—our oranges, a 16 percent tariff. TPA will instruct our negotiators to work on lowering these barriers to U.S. products. 
some of the finest products in the world, and if given the chance to compete fairly, I believe they can. I have no doubt that we can outperform almost any competitor in the world, but we can’t continue to allow other countries to stack the deck against us, which is happening right now. By granting the President the power to negotiate a treaty and by Congress telling him what priorities must be negotiated, we can create a fair playing field and create those jobs we need here at home. 
about the privacy surrounding the TPP deal. I share those concerns, which is why I have personally gone and reviewed the text of this deal three times now. 
vote on TPA is so important is that it will make the deal public. It will give the American people at least 2 months and as much as 5 months to review any negotiated deal. That is months to tell their Members of Congress whether they should support the deal or not. Without voting on TPA, there is no review period. The deal can stay a secret. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule and the underlying bill are critical to our economy. Without TPA, our country will be left disadvantaged against other countries, and we will be left to trade with one arm tied behind our back. With it, we 
businesses. They can grow and create more jobs, and we can ensure that the American economy remains the most competitive, strongest economy in the world for decades to come. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). 
before us today is filled with plenty of procedural gimmicks but with no opportunities to actually improve the underlying bills. 
environmental negotiating objectives; they fail to address currency manipulation adequately; and they fail to recognize climate change and its connection to trade. I had proposed amendments to address these issues, which were, unfortunately, not made in order. 
deals, millions of United States manufacturing jobs—one in four, in fact— have been lost, and when manufacturing workers lose their jobs due to trade, the story doesn’t get much better: three in five of them take cuts if they find a new job. This is a bad deal for those who lose their jobs due to trade, of course, but it is also bad for all Americans, and it is one reason wages have stagnated for the last two decades. We cannot afford to fasttrack another NAFTA on steroids. 
On top of that, according to the Department of Labor, four TPP negotiating partners are using forced labor or child labor in violation of international standards. Are these the types of countries to which we want to give fasttracked trade privileges? Plenty of multinational corporations will benefit from TPP, from increased drug prices to access to cheaper labor, when American jobs are offshored. That much is clear. Yet it is not clear how the average American worker—the people of New York’s Capital Region that I represent and the people who sent all of us to be their voices in Washington— would benefit. 
bills that actually help our working families by passing a minimum wage, by requiring paid family leave, by investing in STEM education and research, and by rebuilding our infrastructure. 
rule, to defeat this inadequate trade adjustment assistance and to defeat fast track. My message: Hands off the American worker. Hands off the American worker’s children. Hands off the American Dream. 
minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), a very savvy 
member of our trade team and a gentleman from the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the chairman for yielding time. 
trade agreements being carried out all over the world today, and the United States—our country—is sitting on the 
sidelines. Ninetyfive percent of the market is closed off in many respects because we don’t have trade agreements; we don’t have the market opening. We are an open economy. They are sending stuff here, but we don’t have the opportunity to sell there. That is a problem. 
Let’s talk about what trade promotion authority really is. At a very basic level, it is the catalyst for American economic engagement around the world. It is the catalyst for American leadership. I, for one—and, I think, for most of my friends here on this side of the aisle—am not ready to just step back and relinquish American leadership to others. That is just unacceptable. Trade promotion authority gets us started. 
two very important trade agreements with growing areas around the world— the AsiaPacific region and the European Union. This represents the lion’s share of gross domestic product growth around the world. Why would we want to lock ourselves out of these markets? It is absolutely ridiculous. It is absurd. We want the American worker to have access to those markets. I want mothers around the world to buy goods off the shelves that read, ‘‘Made in America.’’ Those markets are closed. Let’s open them. Let’s get trade promotion authority in place. 
What is it? It is not the trade agreement, itself. 
It is the process by which we get the strongest and highest quality trade agreement for American workers that would be most beneficial to our country. It is the whole way we are going to achieve growth in this economy. We can’t do it to the extent we need to without this. It puts Congress in the driver’s seat, providing over 150 negotiating priorities that we set, not the administration. We set these as we negotiate with foreign countries. If we fail to pass this, the President negotiates on his own priorities, not on the priorities of the American people. 
authority gives more transparency to the whole process. Right now, we don’t have the kind of transparency that is necessary. TPA, trade promotion authority, is public. That is public. That is the process. It is very public. Go to congress.gov. Anybody can read the legislation. It is public. Plus, passing TPA will require that the final trade agreement—those negotiations aren’t done yet, but once they are concluded, the President has to make it public for 60 days in order for anybody and everybody to read it. That is transparency. 
If we fail to pass this, we are giving 
up American leadership. We are basically throwing the American worker under the bus. We need growth. We need American leadership, and trade promotion authority is the catalyst for 
providing that leadership. Trade promotion authority is necessary for Congress to provide the proper checks and balances on the administration. I don’t want the administration negotiating without our having a robust consultative role in this, and that is what TPA does. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
only way to get better trade agreements is to reject this fasttrack bill and develop a better alternative that reflects our values and the realities of the 21st century. 
for more trade with most of the countries that are TPP agreement countries, I would like to support more trade today, but, as happened in the Ways and Means Committee, this rule shuts out every single attempt of Democrats to strengthen and improve this bill. 
want free trade. Well how about trade that is free of secrecy and connivance? How about trade that is free of deals that jeopardize our the health and safety such as the food that we eat as American families? How about trade that is free of corporate panels that will be able to award taxpayer dollars to foreign corporations with more rights than American businesses, instead of relying on our system of justice? 
I think we have to look at the trade 
agreements we have had in the past— the free trade agreements—and realize that, for too many American workers, they haven’t been free. They have come at a tremendous cost. This trade agreement has been shrouded in secrecy in order to assure there is not a full and fair debate or a discussion of the failures of the USTR. 
shared with this Congress a single document to show how Vietnam, instead of being the great human rights abuser it is today, will begin to show even the slightest measure of decency to its workers. The USTR has ignored the record of sex trafficking and human trafficking in Malaysia. One of the worst and in a category by itself with North Korea—and a handful of others— in human trafficking. And they are being rewarded in this deal. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
simply does not believe in law enforcement. It wouldn’t enforce the law in Guatemala and Honduras under prior labor agreements. In Peru, it ignored the audit responsibility that it had. 
this President doesn’t have to follow. And indeed, this Christmas wish list is being proposed for the next President, who has not even been elected—an openended ability to have more trade agreements that come at the cost of too many families. We can do better. 
love our friends who come up to the podium and talk about jobs; yet it is this administration and the Democrat policies that have taken American jobs, including ObamaCare, climate change, and all of the other rules and regulations—175,000 pages of rules and regulations—and have inhibited growth and job development in the United States. 
gentleman from Butler, Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), one of the most exciting 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of this. We have a duty here to legislate based on truth and not on fiction. Let’s establish the facts. First of all, if you want really strong trade agreements, then you have to be in a position to negotiate those because, I will tell you, my friends, if we are not at the table, we are on the menu. 
As we talk about growing the economy and growing jobs and making sure that America is secure going into the future, and if you are worried about having an agreement that doesn’t meet the demands that the American people are asking for, trade promotion authority is the only thing that gives us the ability to drive strong trade agreements to make sure that every single American is taken care of. 
Now, this TPA does not give President Obama any new power, none whatsoever. For those of us who don’t trust the President’s judgment, then TPA is absolutely necessary. It is not an option. We look at things and we talk about the people’s House and what the responsibility of the people’s House is and how would the people’s House move forward. 
allows this Congress, the people’s House, to set the parameters of any future trade agreements. It does not negate them; it enforces them. So if you are worried about a strong trade agreement, then make sure that we give ourselves the power to actually set the parameters of the way a trade agreement should look. 
It is time to get rid of all this bogeyman talk about what is going on. I have got to tell you, if you want the United States of America to dominate a global economy and not just participate in a global economy, then you have to have trade promotion authority. My lifetime has been spent negotiating. When you sit down at the table to actually negotiate something, the question that always came up to me: Was there anybody else other than yourself that would be responsible for making the decision? Without that decision, without that clarity, we can’t draw on strong trade agreements. TPA is the only thing that gives us that. If you want to strengthen our country, if you want to grow our economy, if you want to create new jobs for America, then we need strong trade agreements. 
track. Smart track, safe track, sure track, and something that gets America’s economy back on track—absolutely. Vote for TPA. Vote for American jobs. Vote for the United States of America to drive the global economy and continue to write the rules and not China. 
American jobs, and if you are really concerned about America’s role in the world, then don’t put us behind; put us in front. Let America, with the strongest economy, drive the trade agreements. TPA gives us that, gives us the ability to grow an American economy, grow American jobs, and make America more safe and secure. And it gives our partners around the world the certainty that America has not walked away from the table; America will continue to be your strongest partner and your strongest ally to build a stronger and more safe world. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
(Mr. LEVIN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
covers three bills. It covers TAA and TPA. I asked Rules to place in order a substitute bill on TPA that would have helped a full discussion of this vital issue affecting 40 percent of global GDP. Under the rule before us, if a majority does not vote for TAA, there will not be a vote on TPA tomorrow. This will give the House another opportunity to improve TPA and TAA, of which I am an author. TAA should not be a bargaining chip for a flawed TPA bill. 
TPA bill on human trafficking, prohibits any provision in TPP relating to climate, likewise as to immigration, and strikes out the Schumer provision on currency manipulation. The manager’s amendment on currency is more rhetorical language without any teeth. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Genoa Township, Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ). He is one 
of our three captains that has driven this entire thing in addition to Chairman PAUL RYAN and myself. He has 
the chairman for his leadership. Texas is lucky to have him. 
Ladies and gentlemen, today and tomorrow, we are not voting on a trade agreement. We are not voting on a trade agreement. In fact, we are voting on a bill called TPA, which is this. It is 
public. We can all read it. Our constituents can read it. We are not voting on anything today or tomorrow that we can’t read, that is secret. 
what TPA is, and you have heard it before. It is a process. It is a process where Congress inserts itself to what the executive branch already can do, which is negotiate a trade agreement. But it is a process that, quite frankly, empowers the Congress. It tells the President, as the lead negotiator, this is what we would like him to do, and we are going to hold our authority, and we are going to say whatever the President negotiates, we are going to either approve it or not. 
we are going to require that, whatever is negotiated, the public is given 60 days to review, which doesn’t have to be done unless TPA is passed. 
to review ObamaCare—not 6 hours. My constituents will have 60 days before the President can sign any deal he negotiates. That is what TPA does. It inserts Congress. It inserts the American people into any trade agreement the President—this one or the next—negotiates. It empowers the people to review that process, to review that agreement—no secrecy. 
This is what we are voting on tomorrow, ladies and gentlemen, TPA. Please go to congress.gov to look at it. Another day, maybe tomorrow, we will talk a little bit about what trade has done, not done, what it has done for American consumers and American employees and American businesses. 
seconds and say, that is really great, go ahead and read the TPA, but it is the bill we are worried about, the TPP. We have to have an armed guard, practically, to go look at that. 
Mr. ELLISON. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. 
lot on the line here, despite what some speakers would submit, which is, oh, you know, this is just the TPA; it is not a big thing. No, this is a huge thing. 
rule we are voting on right now does three important things. One is that it has the payfor for the trade adjustment assistance that includes cuts to Medicare. No matter how you slice it, if you vote for this rule, you are voting to cut Medicare. Then what it does, it sets up a vote for the trade adjustment assistance and trade promotion authority. 
The fact is, if you go home and you 
is you will not be able to honestly say that. You might be able to say, ‘‘Well, I did, but then they fixed it.’’ You might be able to say, ‘‘Well, yeah, I cut Medicare, but then later on we passed a thing and maybe MITCH MCCONNELL  
won’t try to change it later.’’ You can say anything you want, but the maneuverings on this floor and in this body to get us to where we are have not changed one solid fact, which is that we are voting to cut Medicare. 
Now, there are all kinds of cute procedural maneuverings and different kinds of rules we are invoking, but you cannot escape the essential fact: the cut to Medicare is not going to be cut and excised out of this. If you vote for the rule, you voted to cut Medicare. Our seniors have taken enough on the chin. Do not put their livelihood at risk. 
Now, let me also say that this TAA is 
not supported by the AFL–CIO. Trade adjustment assistance is to help workers who are displaced by bad trade deals. Wouldn’t you think that the president of the AFL–CIO would say, ‘‘Yeah, well, we definitely would want TAA’’? And he usually almost always does, but not this time because he knows what all of us should know, which is this trade adjustment authority is cutting Medicare. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
authority is paid for by Medicare. It continues to be underfunded. Trade adjustment authority is underfunded. It is like if you kick somebody off their job because of a bad trade deal and then you tell them, ‘‘We are going to help you adjust to it.’’ Well, you know what? At least we should fund it properly. Given the billions of dollars that will be made by this trade deal by multinational corporations, doesn’t it make sense that we should at least try to fully fund trade adjustment authority, trade adjustment assistance? But we don’t. 
Then the fact is that it excludes public sector workers. Public sector workers are negatively impacted by bad trade deals, just like all other workers. Why wouldn’t we include them in it? They are not included in it. 
assistance, package is insufficient. We must vote it down. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I just want to let Members know, when you walk into that senior center and Mrs. McGillicuddy asks you, ‘‘Did you vote to cut Medicare?’’ I hope you can answer truthfully you did not vote to cut Medicare. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. 
Nation’s bad trade bills have gutted our manufacturing economy, transformed our stature on the global stage, and taken millions of jobs from American workers. Heavens to Betsy, let’s not do it again. We need to demand a trade deal that will let us sell Americanmade goods to every customer in the world, and we need a trade bill that is negotiated through a transparent and open process that doesn’t mortgage our patents, our innovation, and our future. 
Let me echo what Congressman ELLISONjust said. This rule, this vote right 
now that we are about to take, codifies, it ensures, that this money for the trade adjustment assistance will come from Medicare. That is what will go to the President. If you vote for this, you are voting for Medicare to be used in that way. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
unprecedented level of transparency. Let me be clear. A vote for TPA is a vote for jobs. It is a vote so that we can grow our economy. It is not a vote for a secret document. It is a vote to set up a process that ensures the American people understand exactly what any trade deal is before Congress votes on it. We will have 60 days to do that. TPA requires that the President make public the text of a complicated trade agreement for at least 60 days, and we are going to do just that. 
Chairman P ATTIBERI and other Members of Congress to strengthen TPA so that the President cannot hijack free trade agreements. I think it is obvious here: no one in this body really trusts the President of the United States to go and negotiate something that we would be in favor of. That is why we are making this trade TPA, so that we are following our agenda, one that we know that we have heard of. We have heard the concerns of the American people regarding immigration, climate change, currency, American sovereignty, and I think we have addressed all of these. 
They want to know that we are going to support jobs. But we do not trust the President, and that is why we are doing this deal today. This grants no new authority to the President of the United States. 
further after the Senate passed their TPA bill, and I worked with Congressman STEVE KINGof Iowa to ensure that 
the trade agreements do not require changes to U.S. immigration laws or to obligate the United States to gain access or to extend access to visas. 
Texas. We just strengthened it and made it more straightforward, and it is in this deal that we do. 
This trade package also includes language that would prohibit the administration from attaching any climate 
that American sovereignty is upheld. TPA reflects what the Constitution requires, and that is that Congress maintain authority over any changes to U.S. law and our constitutional rights to approve any trade agreement. 
this rule. I look forward to the debate that will follow. I urge my colleagues to listen to every single bit of this, and they will understand why a vote for TPA and this rule is the right thing to do. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule to consider the Senate amendment to H.R. 644, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) as it exists today. That said, I must voice my great dismay with the inclusion of H.R. 878, the ‘‘United States Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act,’’ in a vehicle that circumvents regular order and is under threat of veto. 
could help clarify and enhance Congressional intent for this critical agency as well as the oversight of its activities. In the previous Congress, the Committee on Homeland Security marked up and reported such legislation, which was subsequently considered and passed by the House. Because authorizing such a large and important agency requires a thoughtful and thorough approach, H.R. 878 should have gone through regular order this Congress. 
serving on the Committee on Homeland Security this Congress. Upending regular order, as the House Leadership is doing, effectively prevents my Committee and its newest members from applying the knowledge we acquired through oversight about CBP programs and activities to improving the legislation before us today. 
these important provisions are included was just made available at midnight on Wednesday, and we are now considering it under a rule that does not allow for amendments. By limiting the ability of my Members to weigh in on the CBP Authorization provisions, even if only on the House floor, we are denied the opportunity to address changes that the Ways and Means Committee made to the text. 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection but am deeply disappointed that the fate of this non controversial legislation, which was overwhelmingly approved by the 113th Congress on suspension, is now tied to controversial measures that the President may well veto. This, Mr. Speaker, is no way to legislate. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the resolution will be followed by a 5minute vote on the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 217, nays 212, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett 
Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
BLUMENAUER, DELANEY, and ROHRABACHER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 239, nays 172, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 21, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Barletta Barton Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Goodlatte Graham Granger Grayson Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Nadler Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Tiberi Titus 
Trott Upton Van Hollen Wagner Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Babin Barr Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellison Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith 
Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Honda Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Love Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McDermott McGovern Messer Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Paulsen 
Payne Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Amodei Ashford Bass Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Doyle, Michael 
Foster Frankel (FL) Gowdy Grijalva Meeks Pearce Pitts Ryan (OH) 
FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY AND FLORIDA POWER AND LIGHT PARTNERSHIP 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the newly announced partnership with Florida International University, a nationally respected institution of higher learning in my district, and Florida Power and Light. 
providing cleaner energy solutions to south Florida, something I wholeheartedly support. The project involves the installation of more than 5,700 solar panels on 23 canopylike structures that will be constructed over the next few months in FIU’s engineering center parking lot. Engineering students at FIU will directly monitor the amount of energy generated from these solar panels and the effects they have on the electricity grid that provides power for south Florida. 
which already is the largest generator of solar energy in Florida, is expected to triple its presence in the business by 2016. Such an undertaking is only possible with talented and capable students, and I am glad to see FPL is helping to train a new generation of engineers that will create fresh solutions for our energy needs. 
congratulate FIU and FPL on their partnership and wish them success. I look forward to visiting the campus soon and seeing the progress being made. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
year’s Defense Appropriations bill relies on adding an additional $38 billion into the overseas contingency operations account, the OCO account. This budgeting gimmick is an end around to sequestration. It avoids the hard work that is required to reach a budget agreement and repeal sequestration once and for all. OCO funds are supposed to be used for war operations, and their use in the legislation misleads the American people. 
devastating impact on our schools, our Nation’s infrastructure, and our investments in scientific research. Now is the time to fix this sequester, not deceive the American people about defense spending. 
Our servicemembers and their families deserve to know their future more than just 1 year at a time. As a nation, we need to base our military strategy on an appropriate, longterm defense spending plan, not a budgetary gimmick. 
Mr. Speaker, I voted for this legislation because we cannot leave our troops who are currently in harm’s way without funding. As the appropriations process moves forward, I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to provide our military with the long term support it needs and the American people with the transparency that they deserve. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I rise in fond memory of a friend from Nevada County, Lowell Robinson, who is a community icon who passed away just recently at age 86. 
entrepreneurial career started in 1949 when he designed equipment for a local sawmill. A few years later, he began the logging business known as Robinson & Sons. In 1971, he helped establish Robinson Enterprises, which includes gold mining, road construction, logging, and petroleum distribution and sales. 
Mr. Robinson was an active supporter, in many ways, of the Nevada County community. Indeed, he was a very kind gentlemen, liked by everybody, and his legacy will be felt for many, many years in the work he did for helping United Way, FFA, 4–H, Boy Scouts. Just about anything worth doing, he was involved with in Nevada County, including my own personal travels. 
still stands where he attended and his family owns. I hope some day they can renovate it in his honor. 
County in mourning this loss, a great friend, a personal friend of mine who was always a kindhearted person whom you just got along great with. Our condolences go out to Wanda and his whole family. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
have generally admired President Obama’s bold foreign policy decisions. However, the administration’s latest announcement to send an additional 450 U.S. military advisers to Iraq and to arm the Sunni tribes, the Shia forces, and the Kurdish Peshmerga, alike, is a grave misjudgment. 
Arming the Sunni tribes could undermine Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi and the central government the U.S. is trying desperately to prop up. Sunni assistance may, in turn, push Iran to 
will further inflame Iraq’s deep sectarian divide, which ISIS has exploited so skillfully. The Kurdish Peshmerga is perhaps the only reliable and ready force deserving of U.S. military assistance, but no amount of heavy weaponry will defeat ISIS without a concerted political settlement both in Baghdad and Damascus. 
President Obama has said, yet again, we do not have a complete strategy to defeat ISIS in Iraq or Syria. 
when it comes to untangling the region’s current chaos. However, the administration’s current strategy ‘‘to arm everyone and let God sort them out’’ is a serious miscalculation. 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
going to address the issues that we will be voting on tomorrow: trade adjustment assistance and the trade promotion authority, or fast track. 
I know that a number of my colleagues are within the sound of my voice, and I hope that if they share my views on these issues they will come down to the floor and invite me to yield them time. Until then, I am going to first focus on the trade adjustment assistance bill that will be before us tomorrow. 
against trade adjustment assistance in this form, even if it was a freestanding bill. First, it is inadequate. It has got roughly $450 million, and there is no assurance that that money will be available next year or the year after that. 
House is actually opposed to funding this program at all. They are doing it in an effort to pass fast track. Once fast track is passed, every effort will be made on this floor to cut this program to zero. Bait and switch, you have been warned. 
is supposed to be eligible? The proponents of fast track have said, well, we have expanded those who are eligible, not just those who lose their jobs because of the TransPacific Partnership trade deal we are planning, not just those who lost their job because of NAFTA, but everybody who has lost their job because of globalization in any of its forms. Well, that is also a bait and switch. 
of Americans you are going to be eligible for this program, but the program has only $450 million in it nationwide. So it is like you win because we give you a lottery ticket, and then we determine whether you will be one of the very small percentage of those who have lost their job due to globalization who benefit from the program. 
explicitly contains language excluding any public sector employee from a benefit. Imagine that great unfairness. If you are at a public university and somehow grading of tests is offshored, you can’t benefit. But if you are at a private university, same job, same offshoring, whether it be a call center or any of the other services that can be offshored in today’s modern age, you could possibly—you are probably not going to get anything—but you can, at least, apply for a benefit. 
may have made sense 40 or 50 years ago when only manufacturing jobs were subject to foreign competition. Today, anything that is done on the Internet, anything that is done on the phone, anything that is part of the information economy is a job that can be taken offshore. It is going to be very difficult for Members of this House to explain that they voted for a program that slapped in the face those who lose their jobs because it is a public sector job. 
that it cuts Medicare two different ways. One way we are told is an acceptable way to cut Medicare, and the other we are told isn’t going to really happen. It is actually two cuts to Medicare. 
ironed out is the $700 million cut to Medicare that will, under the rule just passed in this House by a small majority, graft itself onto the Trade Adjustment Assistance bill if that bill unfortunately passes. So you will be in a position to explain why you voted for a bill, knowing full well that as soon as it passed, a $700 million cut to Medicare was grafted on it and that the President would have on his desk and intended to sign a bill that cut Medicare by $700 million. 
chart showing how you voted for Trade Adjustment Assistance but you didn’t vote for the rule, and the cut for Medicare was supposed to be undone by the other bill that you voted for before you voted against it. And if you are able to make that explanation, more power to you. 
be in a particularly weak position to make that explanation, because the AFL–CIO issued a letter today that said a vote for Trade Adjustment Assistance in this form with this rule in this ‘‘here you see it, now you don’t; we will take it away, don’t worry about it’’ Medicare cut is a cut to Medicare. So you are going to be explaining why your opponent’s attack on you is unfair when you are a Democrat and you say it is unfair, but the AFL–CIO says it is not only fair, it is absolutely true. A special problem for Democrats. Republicans will not have the difficulty in 
supposed to become law. This is the dialysis cut, and here is the thinking: Medicare will be more efficient in dealing with dialysis. We pass a statute that allows them to make use of clinics instead of hospitals. So through new procedures and new technology, Medicare will save roughly $250 million. 
Okay. Does Medicare keep that savings? No. It is used to buy votes for fast track. 
sustained if every time new technology allows Medicare to save money, we take the savings and use it for something else, but every time new technology creates new medical costs, new things for Medicare to pay for, well, Medicare has to pay for them? 
new technology that saves Medicare money is money to be spent on something else and every change in medical technology that increases Medicare’s cost has to come out of Medicare, 
Medicare will be bankrupt and will go bankrupt more quickly as we change medicine. 
you vote for TAA, but TAA is on this floor for only one reason. It is a way to put a bandaid on a giant decapitation of the American middle class, a tiny program designed to facilitate the passage of a trade bill which will govern 40 percent of the world’s GDP. 
home and say you opposed fast track, but that you voted for the bill that will enable fast track. If you are against fast track, then you have got to vote ‘‘no’’ on TAA. 
about this new Asia deal that is being negotiated? In the past, the proponents of these trade deals have come forward and said that they were going to reduce our trade deficit and create more jobs than will be lost. 
that assertion. Their bait and switch is to say it will create some jobs in exports, but they are so arithmetically challenged, they don’t then subtract out the jobs that will be lost to imports. 
proponents of our current trade policy have wildly misestimated the job effect of each action. For example, on this floor, we were told that the trade agreement with South Korea would reduce our trade deficit. That deficit has skyrocketed. We were told that permanent most favored nation status for China would increase our trade deficit by only $1 billion. The proponents were off by 30,000 percent. 
going to get more jobs than we will lose; they simply say the jobs we lose don’t count because that involves subtraction. The fact is that this is bad for 
the middle class; we have hollowed out American manufacturing. Since NAFTA, we have had a stagnation of wages in this country. Now, as we begin to recover from the catastrophe of 2008, now, as there begins to be the possibility that employers are going to have to pay more in wages to compete for employees, we have a giant trade deal that guarantees that wages will decline or stagnate for another decade or longer. 
Pacific Partnership and the fast track that is designed to carry it, so there is a shift. The argument now is, well, it may be bad for our economy, but it is a great antiChina alliance, great geopolitics, disguised as a bad trade deal. 
Committee for 19 years. I am the ranking member on the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee. I am here to tell you this deal is not only bad economic policy; it is bad geopolitics as well. 
from this deal. First and foremost, we are told that this deal is going to set the terms of trade in Asia. Then you go to the basement, and you look at this deal, and, as reported in the press, there is a statement that there will not be anything in this trade deal about currency manipulation. 
without even having to sign it. China gets a new approach to world trade, which is currency manipulation, go to it, it will be applauded, it will not be counted; but China gets something even more. Go deeper into the basement and look at the rule of origin provisions. Now, what are these rules of origin provisions? 
deal, goods made in Vietnam, goods made in Japan, goods made in the other countries that are part of the deal come into our country duty free, that this deal benefits goods made in Japan, Vietnam, et cetera, but only to the countries that sign the deal. 
you see that goods that are 50 or 60 percent made outside the countries that are parties to this deal, goods that are 50 or 60 percent made in China, are eligible to be fasttracked into the United States with no tariffs and no limits, and goods where the manufacturer admits that it is 50 or 60 percent made in China may actually be 70 or 80 percent made in China. 
get the benefit of this agreement, with China not even having to sign it. Our trade deficit will balloon not only from goods that are really made in Japan and really made in Vietnam—and those are the two countries added to the free trade regime by this agreement; we already have free trade agreements with the others that are part of these Trans Pacific Partnership; those are the two main countries—not only goods made in those countries, but goods that are 
just kind of polished in Vietnam, finished in Japan, but made in China. 
We are told that this is part of some 
clever system to contain China when in reality, we established the international principle, the currency manipulation, the number one tactic of China to run up the largest trade deficit in history. We have the largest trade deficit; they have the largest trade surplus in history. That becomes the norm. 
China, finished in Japan, get duty free into the United States. 
it is to our men and women in uniform to be told that our allies in Asia are so disdainful of our help as they fight China over the islets that are in question, that we have to give away our jobs and enter into a bad trade deal just to have the honor of deploying our troops and our Navy to defend the islets claimed by Korea, Japan, and Vietnam. 
of America to put its blood and treasure on the line to defend not only our allies, but even Vietnam, would be enough, not that we would be told that in order to have that honor, we have to enter into this trade agreement. 
with this, there is the issue of admitting Vietnam into this deal. We are told that the purpose of this deal, the upside, is that we get free access to Vietnam’s markets, free access to their markets. The only problem is Vietnam doesn’t have freedom and it does not have markets. 
manufacture shoes in Vietnam and pay 30–40 cents an hour. They can then add a few jobs in Oregon as they hire the marketing skill necessary to push off the shelves the last remnant of Americanmade shoes. 
where they can find the tax lawyers to make sure that they don’t pay any U.S. taxes on the enormous profit that you can get by making a shoe for 40 cents an hour and selling it for $140. A few jobs, which will lead to pushing off the shelves all the Americanmade shoes. That is what we get on the import side. 
The jobs we get are tax lawyers making sure that the importers don’t pay any taxes. By the way, it has already been revealed that Nike will save several hundred million dollars in taxes on this, chiefly tariffs. 
What access do we get for our exporters? Well, right now, Vietnam does have some tariffs. The tariffs go to the government. The entity paying the tariff is whoever is doing the exporting. Those importers are all owned and controlled—or at least controlled—by the government. 
Right now, if Vietnam imports anything from the United States, the Vietnamese Government pays itself a tariff. If this deal goes forward, that tariff will be lower, so they will pay themselves less. Paying themselves money 
We don’t have access to the Vietnamese market just because Vietnamese Governmentcontrolled or Vietnamese Governmentowned enterprises will be paying a smaller tariff to the Vietnamese Government of which they are part to begin with. 
export to Vietnam. Vietnam makes a political decision, a nationwide economic planning decision which products to import to the United States. They are importing what they choose to import; they are not importing what they choose not to import, and they are going to keep doing it. 
tariffs means you sell more goods in the United States, means lowering tariffs, means you sell more goods in Vietnam, we are required to imagine that the Vietnamese economy, a communist economy, is just like ours. That is an absurd assumption. 
economy will or will not import from the United States whatever they choose to. Their published tariffs are an irrelevancy. Their promise to change those tariffs is a promise to change an irrelevancy. We are a nation of free markets. When we change our public tariffs, that opens up our markets to all the tennis shoes that can be made for 40 cents an hour. 
This is a terrible deal for the American people. It is part of a continued policy of what they call free trade. What America needs is fair trade. What America needs is to say that those who want access to the U.S. market must be willing to buy U.S. goods and services. What America needs is an understanding that we need resultsoriented trade agreements. 
are the largest debtor nation in the world. We have the largest trade deficit in the world. We would expect that the dollar will crash not this decade, but next decade. The first thing you do when you are in a hole that deep is to stop digging. 
track. Then the next step is to deploy our trade negotiators with the power to say—the issue isn’t whether we are going to lower our tariffs; we are a sovereign nation; we can increase our tariffs—if you want access to the U.S. market, everything is on the table, and a fair, balanced trade result is the requirement, if you want access to the one thing that the entire world wants, and that is access to the U.S. market. 
I see no one seeking time, and I yield 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida (at the request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
REVISIONS TO THE ALLOCATIONS AND AGGRE GATES OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RES OLUTION RELATED TO TRADE LEGISLATION  
hereby submit for printing in the Congressional Record revisions to the budget allocations and aggregates of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to section 4506 of such concurrent resolution. These revisions are designated for the following trade legislation: H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and H.R. 1314, the Trade Act of 2015. Corresponding tables are attached. This revision represents an adjustment for 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. 
Adjustment for the amendment to the Senate amendment to HR 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 
Adjustment for HR 1314, the Trade Act of 2015 
Adjustment for the amendment to Senate amendment to HR 1295, the Trade Preference Extension Act of 2015 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 total 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, June 12, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Parts 1, 2, 15, 25, 27, 74, 78, 80, 87, 90, 97, and 101 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Implementation of the Final Acts of the World Radiocommunication Conference (Geneva, 2007)(WRC07), Other Allocation Issues, and 
for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cuban Assets Control Regulations; Terrorism List Governments Sanctions Regulations received June 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 
1810. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, during the period from October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Pub. L. 95452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Housing Finance Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, for the period ending March 31, 2015, pursuant to Pub. 
1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, for the period of October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Pub. L. 95452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Society Daughters of the American Revolution, transmitting the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution’s Audited Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, pursuant to 
36 U.S.C. 1102, Pub. L. 88504; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ways and Means. H.R. 160. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices; with an amendment (Rept. 114–147). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 1615. A bill to direct the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–148). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 1637. A bill to require annual reports on the activities and accomplishments of federally funded research and development centers within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 149). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, and Mr. R ICHMOND ): 
the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. MEEHAN): 
H.R. 2729. A bill to authorize appropriations to the Secretary of Commerce to establish publicprivate partnerships under the Market Development Cooperator Program of the International Trade Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Prostate Cancer Council for improved screening, early detection, assessment, and monitoring of prostate cancer, and to direct the development and implementation of a national strategic plan to expedite advancement of diagnostic tools and the transfer of such tools to patients; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
BEATTY , Mr. R USH, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. T HOMP SONof Pennsylvania): 
the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide increased accountability of nonprofit athletic associations and to establish a commission to identify and examine issues of national concern related to the conduct of intercollegiate athletics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2732. A bill to provide for a grant program for handgun licensing programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2733. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to extend, enhance, and revise the provisions relating to collection, use, and disclosure of personal information of children, to establish certain other protections for personal information of children and minors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Species Act of 1973 to require establishment of objective numerical recovery goals for removal of species from lists of endangered species and threatened species under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2736. A bill to provide for a Youth 
Mental Health Research Network; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
DENHAM , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C ONYERS , 
H.R. 2738. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to encourage and facilitate efforts by States and other transportation rightsofway managers to adopt integrated vegetation management practices, including enhancing plantings of native forbs and grasses that provide habitats and forage for Monarch butterflies, native bees, and other native pollinators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. HIGGINS, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
Health Service Act to require group and individual health insurance coverage and group health plans to provide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
ENGEL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L EVIN, 
Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
RUSH, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. D ELBENE, 
CROWLEY , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S MITH of 
TAKANO , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D AVID 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M CNERNEY, Ms. D EGETTE , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mexico, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. G RAYSON , 
EDWARDS , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
of Florida, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
MOULTON , Mr. H IMES, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
of certain restrictive eligibility requirements to foreign nongovernmental organizations with respect to the provision of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
disability insurance program for Federal employees for disabilities that are not workrelated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2742. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require that military working dogs be retired in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 2743. A bill to reauthorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. SABLAN , and Mr. G UINTA ): H.R. 2744. A bill to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. R USH, Mr. D AVID 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. F UDGE , 
BEATTY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. H OYER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. R OGERS  
of Alabama, Mr. N EAL, Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. H AHN, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. K APTUR , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. M OORE , 
California, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. A LGREEN of 
19, 2015, as this year’s observance of the historical significance of Juneteenth Independence Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2728. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2729. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. 
H.R. 2730. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2731. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2732. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2733. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 2734. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2735. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, section 8, clause 3, that grants Congress the power to regulate commerce among the several states. 
H.R. 2736. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I Section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, which states the United States Congress shall have power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’. 
H.R. 2737. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2738. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2739. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2740. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2741. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 2742. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2743. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3, the Commerce Clause 
H.R. 2744. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D OLD, Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. P OCAN , and 
H.R. 207: Mr. J EFFRIES and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 465: Mr. R IGELL , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. E STY, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 592: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. R IBBLE , and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 628: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 662: Mr. F LEISCHMANN and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 692: Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
H.R. 702: Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. M URPHY of 
H.R. 845: Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S WALWELL of 
H.R. 879: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 952: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 985: Mr. D IAZBALART and Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 986: Mr. T URNER and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1202: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. 
DINGELL , Mr. F ARR, and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. L UCAS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Ms. P INGREE , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. V ANHOLLEN, and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1321: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and 
H.R. 1344: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 1411: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and 
Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 1462: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1553: Mr. C ARNEY , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. F LORES , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. D IAZBALART , 
H.R. 1683: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. T OM 
H.R. 1684: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1742: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Ms. 
H.R. 1854: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
H.R. 1919: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. K LINE and Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. L YNCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. B ASS, and 
H.R. 1950: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OEof 
H.R. 2017: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. B ARR, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, 
H.R. 2216: Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2295: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2296: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 2342: Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
H.R. 2403: Mr. S HUSTER and Mr. M URPHY of 
H.R. 2404: Ms. M OORE , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
H.R. 2523: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 2530: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2545: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2555: Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 2571: Mr. R USH, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 2627: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2647: Mr. L AMALFA and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 2675: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. K ELLY of 
H.R. 2694: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. F ARR, and 
H.R. 2716: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 56: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. D ENT, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. 
H. Res. 12: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
H. Res. 210: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. E MMER of 
H. Res. 214: Ms. K USTER , Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. N OLAN . 
the MiamiDade County Board of County Commissioners, relative to Resolution No. R 45515, urging Congress to enact House Joint Resolution 47, or similar legislation, supporting the establishment of a Presidential Youth Council; and urging President Obama’s administration to establish a Presidential Youth Council; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill 
otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a flashbang grenade under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO. 32: At the end of the bill 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a mineresistant ambush protected vehicle under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4063 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 2015 No. 93 