our vote on the nuclear agreement with Iran will be the most important decision I have made in Congress since voting against the disastrous Iraq war. 
I am under no illusions that the clerics and military that run Iran are friends of the United States. To the contrary, they are engaged in activities that are opposed to the United States interests and those of many of our friends and allies. This agreement does not resolve all 
our differences, change Iranian behaviors, or provide greater freedom for its people. What it does do is give the 
world 15 years of security to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. 
work with our international partners— France, Great Britain, Germany, especially Russia and China—to bring Iran to the negotiating table, to force them to make important concessions, and to retain the ability to reimpose crippling sanctions if they violate the agreement. 
It has a strong mechanism for surveillance and snapping back sanctions to give us confidence that it is strongly in the Iranians’ interest to comply. 
Fifteen years is not forever. But taking the current nuclear breakout time of less than 15 weeks for Iran to a minimum of a year and having assurance for 15 years is a remarkable achievement. 
deal.’’ There is no evidence that there is something beyond this agreement that the Iranians would agree with or, most critically, that has the support of the other five countries that made this agreement possible in the first place. 
States to lose the support of our allies so that Iran gets access to its money anyway, the partnership dissolves, and this important moment is lost. 
ability to walk away from the deal if it is rejected or violated by Iran. This puts us in a much stronger position to reimpose sanctions with more leverage going forward. 
States or Israel, for that matter, can always resort to military force. But it is far better, however, to make this agreement work, to monitor and enforce it, and build on this unique international partnership. 
Our work will not be done in the Middle East with Iran, even if this agreement is adopted and Iran abides by it. 
We still must be prepared to confront Iran where they are involved with aggressive action against other countries, especially our allies. 
friends in the Middle East, like Israel and Saudi Arabia. We must be prepared to make the diplomatic efforts and demonstrate commitment and resolve wherever it is necessary. 
We risk little trying to make diplomacy with rigorous inspections work and to strengthen the partnership with countries that made this agreement possible, to redouble our ongoing efforts to stabilize this deeply troubled Middle East region. 
problems, but it simplifies one of the greatest threats to the Middle East, not just Iranian nuclear weapons, but a potential nuclear arms race with potentially catastrophic results. 
with some of the most distinguished leaders of past American administrations, both Republican and Democratic, who have agreed, notwithstanding their reservations and cautions, that the acceptance of this agreement is the best path forward for the United States and world peace. 
It is sad that, for the very first time, 
a critical American foreign policy decision has become so partisan in Congress. But the weight of evidence is for the agreement to be adopted, and we should do so. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ) for 5 minutes. 
want to speak to the future, to present a plausible scenario and an apology, an apology to be heard by the survivors, an apology to every victim of what will forever be known as the Iranian nuclear attack. 
I expect it will be after the year 2030 
before anyone takes any real notice of this apology. Someone will find it while surfing what remains of the Internet, maybe in Israel, Western Europe, or here in the United States, someone surrounded by the smoking ruins of leveled buildings, the incinerated corpses of those lucky enough to have been killed in the first seconds of the blast, and the wails of anguish of those left to die and mourn. 
It is especially ironic and heartbreaking to be speaking about this as today, in 2015, we prepare to remember those killed in the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
So to the people of 2030, on behalf of 
America, I am truly sorry. I am sorry we failed to stop President Obama from releasing $150 billion to fuel the destructive fantasies of terrorist leaders in Iran that lit the fuse. 
United States Air Force, America’s leaders believed in mutually assured destruction, the MAD theory. 
Soviet Union launched nuclear missiles, the other nation would do so as well and both would be destroyed. This potential of mutual destruction kept those missiles in their silos. 
dealing with the leaders of Iran, who are dangerous fanatics, motivated by evil, not selfpreservation. 
MAD theory doesn’t apply in 2015. And that is why I am sorry that we who lead America in 2015 failed to stop President Obama from helping Iranian terrorists and Iranian tyrants build an 
I am also sad to say that the people 
hearing my message in 2030 will bear witness to the fact that Iranian missiles can, indeed, deliver nuclear holocaust to America’s soil. 
other military strategists to ensure that missiles would never strike here. But, in 2015, America’s President and his supporters discarded those concerns. 
our friends in Israel whose land now lies fallow and wrecked, let me now say we were wrong. We struggle to imagine what you must be going through. The death and destruction that once haunted your nightmares now plays out before you. 
or lined up at makeshift morgues to claim the bodies of loved ones. Food and water are scarce or contaminated with radiation. Refugees from the blast area stagger down gridlocked highways where traffic stopped when the detonation occurred. We thought we had seen the worst of 
humanity’s hate on September 11, 2001, but that atrocity now pales in comparison. The similarities between the tragic missteps of Barack Obama and Neville Chamberlain, who foolishly trusted Nazi Germany, are obvious. 
will somehow lead to peace. Mr. Chamberlain made the same assertion, claiming that his pact with the Nazis would lead to ‘‘peace for our time.’’ 
deal that led to the 2030 Iranian nuclear attack because I well remember the words of the theologian Bonhoeffer who eventually died in a Nazi torture chamber. 
In confronting the murderous madmen of his time, he declared that ‘‘Silence in the face of evil is itself evil: God will not hold us guiltless. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.’’ 
In 2015, many of us spoke, many of us 
acted, but the powers of evil still won the day. And now the innocent dead of 2030 call out with just one question: How could the leaders of 2015 let this happen? 
The answer is simple and sad: Because, despite our best efforts, we couldn’t stop the deal that funded, armed, and unleashed nuclear hell from the madmen of Iran. We allowed the power and persistence of the foolish to deliver a corrupt contract with a nation of terror. And, in 2030, the day of reckoning arrived. And for that I am truly very, very sorry. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
know in the movies when someone has to make a choice and a little devil and a little angel appear on their shoulder to give good and bad advice? Well, that is what I feel America is going to feel like in a couple of weeks when His Holiness Pope Francisco comes to visit us, including an address in this very room. 
On one shoulder, we have a billionaire out there saying Mexicans are murderers; immigrants come to this country to get on welfare; our best days are behind us; and just getting tough and insulting people will solve all of our problems and make us great again. 
party is scrambling to catch up so they don’t miss out on the wave of populist anger he is tapping and feeding with a mix of untruths, halftruths, and good oldfashioned racism. 
On the other shoulder is a man who is 
not afraid to touch the feet of the poor and recognizes their humanity even in their poverty. He is a man who sees actual human problems, like our environment, and tries to bring us together to do something about it. He is a man who, through deeds, declarations, and his own demeanor says in a clear voice: 
He does not blame a nation’s problems on the strangers at the gate or says ‘‘get the hell out.’’ In many ways, Pope Francis represents the Anti Trump, the antidote to his venom. 
I, like a lot of my Democratic colleagues and a lot of my Catholic colleagues and, frankly, the majority of American of all faiths and political stripes across the Nation, am very much looking forward to the Pope’s visit and the Pope’s words because our Nation needs a counterbalance, a counterweight, to what has become the ugliest, most xenophobic, and most antiimmigration campaign in anyone’s memory. 
of antiwoman, antienvironmental, and antipoor attacks in there as well. 
with great fanfare and extreme insult and unvarnished racism that he would inflict his campaign for the White House on the Nation, I came to this well to address my colleagues on July 9. 
dealing with the immigrant criminals who must be locked up and deported and distinguishing them from the vast majority of America’s immigrants who live peacefully and helpfully among us. 
a better life for themselves and their families, as my parents did when they left Puerto Rico in the fifties to seek a better life, eventually landing in Chicago. 
of our Nation that we come from everywhere, but we have put together the best Nation on Earth by working together. It is what defines us as a people. 
land of their own free will, and some did not. Most came here seeking a dream or running away from a nightmare or sometimes both. 
Most of us came here legally, sometimes waiting in lines that lasted years. And some of us, when legality was not an option and there was no line to stand in, came anyway because work and freedom are so plentiful. 
together from many nations and traditions and languages and religions and made the one Nation that stands above all others as the defender of liberty, the engine of the world economy, and the beacon of freedom recognized in every corner of the globe. 
We are proud of our accomplishments, as we should be, despite our humble beginnings, when no one and no other nation thought we could survive to take our place among the nations of the world. 
deliver his message of peace and inclusion, I urge all of us to remember the many challenges we have faced as a Nation and the many obstacles we have overcome. 
a Catholic President was outrageous and the thought of a Pope addressing a Joint Session of Congress was far fetched, just about as farfetched as a Black President of the United States, a woman President, or a Latino Pope from Latin America. 
marching forward, being pushed back, marching forward again arm in arm, we have spent more time listening to our better angels and their advice, taking us toward a brighter future as a Nation and less time listening to our darker influences who lament progress and seek to divide us from one another. 
this Chamber, when the Pope speaks to us, we will see two paths in very sharp relief. Build a wall or build a bridge? Help our brother or turn our backs? Belittle our sister or share her heavy load? Incite distrust and division or foster unity to face our challenges because we are stronger together? 
man who has sometimes struggled with the church and is not always welcome because of my support for women’s health, a woman’s right to a legal abortion, LGBT, I am so looking forward to the Pope’s visit because I feel my Nation needs him more than ever before. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
are five entities that have mischief and aggression on their minds—of course, ISIS, Iran, Russia, North Korea, and China. 
preached climate change in Alaska, three Chinese combat ships got closer to the Alaskan coast than ever before. Military experts say this was the first time Chinese ships were in that area, just the latest example of China expanding its military operation globally. 
more of an expeditionary character . . . the Chinese Navy is going global. 
built up its military and uses it to project its power in Asia and other places. Like Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, China is taking over territory while the United States just watches. 
China’s military expenditures since 1997. It is stockpiling nuclear weapons. A recent Pentagon report revealed that China is upgrading its ballistic missile delivery systems with multiple independently targeted reentry vehicles, or MIRV, technology. What that means in layman’s terms is they can send one missile with several nuclear warheads; one could hit New York, and one could hit Texas. The Beijing Navy is taking control of 
disputed areas and intimidating other countries in the region who have rightful claims to the South China Sea. This is a poster, Mr. Speaker, of 1999—I know you can’t see the background, but this is Beijing in the South China Sea area from Australia to almost Alaska and east and west Guam to Indonesia—1999 military might of the Chinese depicted here by planes, ships, and submarines and U.S. military might about the same in 1999. 
same map, superimposed with Chinese buildup since 1999. In 2015, you don’t have to be real smart to understand the Chinese are building more airplanes, now aircraft carriers, more ships, and lots of nuclear submarines and conventional submarines. The United States, we are about the same with our military might in the area. That is today. 
what the Chinese will have in 2020 in the same area, same region. United States, we are about the same—but, look, planes, nuclear carriers, now intercontinental ballistic missiles, more ships, more submarines, Chinese military might, 2020 and today or in 1999. 
We should be concerned about Chinese aggressive tendencies. In December 2013, China also began a bold land reclaiming project in the South China Sea in an effort to increase its influence. What does that mean? That means that the Chinese are going in the South China Sea and they are dredging areas and making islands in the South China Sea. On some of these islands, it intends to build runways. I wonder what for. 
newly created lands, but it also claims exclusive maritime rights in vast surrounding areas in the South China Sea. This has rightfully rattled our allies in the region. Not only has China become an economic giant, but it is a military bully in the area. 
China, of course, is a staterun communist country. There is no telling what China could do and what would happen to the global economy if China insists on controlling the sea lanes. Is China becoming like the Barbary pirates of old that used to control the Mediterranean? Is that what China is going to do in the South China Sea? Who knows. 
Other countries in the area are looking for the United States to lead. They haven’t forgotten what China did the last time China was an imperial power. For over 1,000 years, until the 20th century, China required other countries that wanted to trade in Asia to pay tribute to China. That meant kneeling down before the emperor and paying heavy taxes. It was an extortion plan. 
to happen again. This is not a time to sit back and let the chips fall where they may in Asia. The United States 
should care about what China is doing because China’s brazen move toward colonization of the South China Sea shows that Beijing is determined to expand its military and economic influence in the entire area. 
do? Are we going to do the same as we did with Russia and just watch? The region and the world both are looking for the United States to lead. We should lead because that is the responsibility of the world’s most important democracy. 
not just the South China Sea area. Also, these lack of resources should concern Americans. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, supporting healthy families and strong communities starts with access to healthy food, but for many families, it is a struggle just to put food on the table. A growing body of research shows why we should all be concerned with hunger as a health issue. 
struggle with food insecurity—or hunger—access to nutritious food and enough healthy food is a real challenge that can have serious negative health consequences far beyond just a growling stomach. 
medical conditions like diabetes, heart disease, and cancer and can result in lifethreatening complications; not only that, hunger can result in more trips to the emergency room and more hospitalizations which only increases healthcare costs across the board. 
A recent article in the Canadian Medical Association Journal found that households with low food security had 49 percent higher healthcare costs than those who didn’t have to worry about where their next meal was coming from. Healthcare costs were an astonishing 121 percent higher for those with very low food security. 
Similarly, a 2014 article in the journal Health Affairs reported that hospitals saw a 27 percent increase in hypoglycemia cases among lowincome individuals at the end of the month as compared to the beginning of the month. 
sad truth is that these cases of hypoglycemia—or low blood sugar—are likely more prevalent at the end of the month because this is when SNAP benefits run out for many individuals and their families. 
eat, their health suffers. We hear time and time again that the current monthly SNAP benefit is inadequate. That families must scramble to cobble 
together enough to eat from food pantries and charities. 
hunger as a health issue. Many seniors live on fixed incomes and are often faced with the tough choice of paying for their medications or paying for their food. For seniors, taking medication on an empty stomach can be especially dangerous and may land them in the hospital. 
It is astounding that some of America’s most vulnerable families must face these challenges month after month, year after year; but the good news is that hunger can also be one of the most treatable health conditions. Hunger is solvable. We have the resources, but we need to muster the political will to end hunger now. 
been doing incredible work to reframe the paradigm of hunger as a health issue is Community Servings, a Massachusettsbased nonprofit that delivers free meals to homebound individuals and their families. Their meals are medically tailored to meet the specific dietary needs of the recipients. 
The Community Servings model addresses two of the biggest barriers that lowincome individuals who are dealing with extended illness face: shopping for food and preparing meals. Community Servings takes care of that so that patients can focus on getting better without worrying about where their next meal is coming from. 
shows great promise in not only fighting hunger but also in saving money in our healthcare system. A survey last year of doctors and nurses who care for Community Servings clients found that 96 percent said that the meals improved their clients’ health and 65 percent said they believed the meals had resulted in fewer hospitalizations. 
We also need to do a better job of 
connecting our hospitals and our community health centers and VA hospitals with farmers markets. Organizations like Wholesome Wave are effectively expanding their fruit and vegetable prescription program, where doctors can write a prescription for fruits and vegetables that individuals could then immediately fill at a farmers market that might be set up on the hospital grounds 1 or 2 days a week. 
hunger as a health issue head on with its Preventive Food Pantry permanently located in the hospital itself. Here, lowincome families can work with a dietitian to choose foods that meet their dietary needs with an emphasis on fresh fruits and vegetables. 
finding innovative ways to partner with local farms to provide more fresh produce to lowincome families. I am proud to represent one such forward thinking partnership in my congressional district. Every year, the Community Harvest Project, run through a local farm in Grafton, Massachusetts, donates hundreds of thousands of pounds of fresh fruits and vegetables to 
of educating doctors and nurses about what hunger looks like. I am always surprised when I talk to medical students, that they only take one or two, if any, classes in nutrition. That is why I am a cosponsor of my friend Congressman TIMRYAN’s bill, the ENRICH 
Act, which would provide grants to improve nutrition education among healthcare professionals. 
Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we talk a lot about finding ways to save money in our healthcare system. In that same conversation, we need to do a better job of understanding that food is medicine. 
health as two separate issues; they are two sides of the same coin. Hunger is a health issue, and it should be treated as such. We can and we should do more to end hunger now. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for 5 minutes. 
know, the House adjourned for the month of August for time to be in the districts with our constituents. 
story in midJuly of Planned Parenthood and the videos that came out of the barbaric practices that were happening in there on aborted babies. Indeed, America was horrified as each of the videos unfolded to see that these are the practices that our tax dollars are somehow helping to fund in that organization. 
time away from Washington. Indeed, several of our committees started immediately taking action in July and then during August with letters transmitted to Planned Parenthood and others to make this more well known to the public, letters to invite them to explain themselves to committees—Energy and Commerce Committee, Judiciary Committee, Oversight and Government Reform Committee—which upon each video, as they became available to the public, Americans were more and more horrified with what was going on. 
the first person in the first video, Dr. Nucatola, to come and present her case of what that video was about and why it happened to the committee. 
they probably wouldn’t make Dr. Nucatola available; but indeed, finally, a month later, on August 27, the committee was able—a month later—to interview Dr. Nucatola. 
resume these hearings this morning, almost as we speak now. Indeed, later on, Oversight and Government Reform later this week and Energy and Commerce Committee this week, will be 
doing more investigations, more hearings, on this, as is our prerogative in the House with Oversight and Government Reform because the American people, no matter how they feel about the question on abortion, postabortion, when Planned Parenthood appears to most people to now be the equivalent of a chop shop for baby parts, they are outraged. They are going: Why are my tax dollars going to this organization? 
There are lots of options for the health issues that women do need that don’t have to be funded by an organization that is doing these practices. 
the investigations that are needed here, and we will continue on our work, seeing to it that tax dollars can be pulled back from supporting such an organization with such barbaric practices and with such a callous attitude as they discuss them over a glass of wine, on camera, at lunch. Indeed, this is our time in Congress, through this investigative process, to stand up for life, for what is right, for what is moral, and we dare not shirk from that responsibility. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, like slumber parties and sleepovers, a pillow fight doesn’t sound like the type of activity that would leave 30 of our Nation’s most promising future military leaders injured or call into question the management practices of the Army’s top academy. Yet, that is exactly what happened. 
West Point freshman cadets got together for an annual pillow fight, and according to press accounts, they swung pillowcases packed with large, hard objects, thought to be helmets. This fight badly injured 30 cadets, 24 of them diagnosed with concussions. There were shoulders dislocated, one cadet diagnosed with a hairline fracture of the cheekbone, some with broken noses and split lips. Before the fight, upperclassmen commanders reportedly encouraged the freshmen by telling them, ‘‘If you don’t come back with a bloody nose, you didn’t try hard enough.’’ 
know what happened here. West Point and the Army have provided conflicting explanations, saying in one instance, ‘‘Many members of the plebe class spontaneously participated in a pillow fight,’’ while, in another, they suggested that a pillow fight is a hallowed annual tradition, dating back to 1897. Well, which is it? 
of similar injuries, followed by ineffective attempts to make this event safer. Two years ago, for example, the 2013 pillow fight was canceled after at least one cadet placed a lockbox as a weapon in a pillowcase. Now it is back, and according to reports, the helmets the cadets were using to give their teammates concussions had been mandated as protection after injuries in previous pillow fights. 
May I remind everyone that this education is being paid for directly by the taxpayers of this country. The U.S. Government funds everything the Academy does to the tune of millions of dollars a year. It is utterly irresponsible to think that a violent pillow fight is a way to build camaraderie and create a professional military. 
are back on duty and that it is pursuing an investigation, but Congress needs to know what kind of investigation it is pursuing and when we will receive answers. As the ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee’s Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, I am calling on the Army and the U.S. Military Academy to provide a clear explanation of the incident and its causes, as well as a full accounting of who was responsible and what measures are being taken to prevent something like this from happening again. 
feared fighting force by hosting a concussionfilled slumber party. We must ensure that the august institution lives up to the exceptionally high standards that it represents and that our future military leaders live up to the great responsibility that rests on their shoulders. We can and we must do better. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of John Watson, Jr., of Beckley, a Tuskegee Airman who served our country honorably during World War II. 
31, and he will be buried with honors at Arlington National Cemetery. 
I had the honor of meeting Mr. Watson in May when he was formally recognized as a Tuskegee Airman. Mr. Watson joined the military during World War II and served as an aircraft crew chief. These men were integral to the success of the Tuskegee Airmen but were never given their due until recently. I was pleased and honored to help present Mr. Watson with his Tuskegee red jacket and his Congressional Gold Medal when he visited the Capitol just this past May as part of an Honor Flight that was organized by Always Free Honor Flight of West Virginia. One of his granddaughters, Daphne Watson, was able to join him for the presentation, and there was not a dry eye in the room as Mr. Watson received his long past due, muchdeserved recognition. 
Watson continued his work as an employee of the VA Medical Center in Beckley, West Virginia. He truly believed in giving back to his Nation, and we are better off for his service to our country. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ) for 5 minutes. 
today to recognize the extraordinary heroism of Airman 1st Class Spencer Stone, Army National Guardsman Alek Skarlatos, and college student Anthony Sadler. 
These three courageous young Americans drew the attention of the world on August 21 when they bravely took action to prevent a terrorist attack that could have taken the lives of dozens, if not hundreds, of innocent people on a passenger train in France. By now, most of the country and the world have heard about the heroic actions of these young men. 
a train from Amsterdam to Paris as part of a European vacation. A terrorist, intending to murder passengers, boarded their train. When the attacker, armed with at least two firearms, including an assault rifle with hundreds of rounds of ammunition, entered the train car, the three young Americans, without hesitation, responded. 
action by yelling, ‘‘Go get ’em.’’ Spencer charged and tackled the gunman, 
with Alek and Anthony close behind. The three men, with the help of another passenger, tackled, subdued, and disarmed the attacker before anyone else was seriously injured. The attacker managed to wound Spencer with a box cutter during the struggle. Despite his injuries, Spencer used his Air Force medic training to treat the wound of another passenger, likely saving his life. 
three of these heroes are from the Sacramento region. They met at a local middle school and have maintained a close friendship ever since. Their friendship and loyalty to each other is part of what makes Sacramento and this Nation great. 
which is just outside of Sacramento—a suburb, in fact—and attended Del Campo High School. He currently serves as a U.S. Air Force medic. 
moved to Oregon. He serves in the Oregon National Guard and had just finished a 9month deployment in Afghanistan. 
California State University, Sacramento. He grew up in Sacramento. 
His father is a pastor at Shiloh Baptist Church, a historical church in our community, and he has been a friend of the Matsui family for many, many years. As he related to me, he always told Anthony to always watch each other’s back. That is what friends do. 
Anthony’s actions were nothing short of extraordinary. These young men, who call themselves just regular guys, have given all Americans a reason to celebrate. They have been awarded the French Legion of Honour. My city of Sacramento, which is also the State capital, will be throwing them a parade on Friday—significantly, on 9/11—and I am sure more accolades will follow. 
accolade is that they have reminded us about the importance of service, sacrifice, and selflessness. All three men deserve commendation for the manner in which they have represented our Nation and have put themselves in harm’s way to save the lives of others. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing Spencer Stone, Alek Skarlatos, and Anthony Sadler as we honor their bravery. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, there is no higher priority for this government than of guaranteeing the safety and security of the American people. Allowing Iran—the chief sponsor of global terror—to obtain nuclear capabilities, which Iran is guaranteed to have through this deal, means freedom everywhere is threatened. A nucleararmed Iran is a threat to every country everywhere. 
verifiable, enforceable, and accountable, and there is nothing verifiable about this deal. 
the U.N. mean Iranians get to certify whether they are complying, and Iran actually provides the testing samples to the U.N. for testing. If the U.S. demands the right to inspect facilities, Iran can delay for more than 3 weeks. Our ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ threshold demand has been watered down during negotiations to what Iran calls ‘‘managed access.’’ 
It is not an enforceable deal. Sanctions will have been lifted, and it is the sanctions that have forced them to the bargaining table in the first instance. Once lifted, Iran will have billions to complete their nuclear program and expand their funding of terror. Even if we can prove a violation, a slow bureaucratic process gives them time to delay, deceive, and deter effective enforcement. There are no snapback provisions here, Mr. Speaker, and it is not an accountable deal. 
of nuclear centrifuges to enrich uranium. As for the $150 billion in unfrozen assets, does anyone think that Iran is going to use that to build schools or hospitals or to teach tolerance of other faiths? Instead, how about using it to wipe Israel off the map? How about the chants of ‘‘death to America’’? Why are we paving the path to weapons that can accomplish these atrocities? 
about their history of deceit, destruction, and killings that warrants our bestowing trust that they will be peaceful? 
this is a good deal: How many people can Iran kill with this money for this to remain a good deal? What is the underover death toll threshold for this deal to no longer be a good deal? 
simply, this money is going to be used to kill people, and this deal provides the funding for it. 
the history of this country, have fought and died. Families have sacrificed in the name of freedom. Generations of Americans have brought about American strength and exceptionalism, and this has engendered a belief in our allies that we will have their backs, and it has kept many of our enemies in check given our military capability. This strength has always been at the very core of our leverage when dealing with other countries. 
As for negotiating, the administration simply says we have negotiated the best deal we can, and we are supposed to, as Congress, accept that at face value with zero input. 
We were assured by this administration that al Qaeda had been broken, but it hasn’t. Our strategy in Yemen was called a model for combating terrorism, but, at this point, it looks very much like an Iran proxy state. ISIS was mocked as a JV team, and now they are murdering thousands. Our relationship with Russia was supposed to be reset, but I don’t think anyone let Vladimir Putin know that as he invades sovereign countries and faces no consequences. 
Syria that said we won’t allow Assad to kill his own people with chemical weapons? This administration decided to ignore that, and we now have a Syrian refugee crisis. 
which our leverage, our American strength and exceptionalism, earned through the blood, sweat, and tears of generations of Americans, has been brokered by this administration in this deal. 
the United States Congress and the United States Senate, the minority of which is actually considering filibustering a vote on this deal, is an outrage, Mr. Speaker. 
Real simple: A complete dismantling of their entire nuclear program. Once we have a demonstrated proof of that, then sanctions get lifted. No nonnuclear concessions. 
Let’s use our leverage to the maximum. We fought for it. Let’s be strong and let’s be proud of our strength and let’s use it to our advantage. 
preferred position of a terrorist country. Diplomacy must always begin and end with protecting American security. 
not just about America. A nuclear Iran is a global threat to everyone everywhere. All Iranian terror must be stopped. We need to reject this deal and go back to the negotiating table. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) for 5 minutes. 
across the State, including leaders from Click Bond in Watertown, Connecticut, who are committed to growing their businesses right here in the United States. But they need our support. 
partner for American manufacturing. We must continue to foster an innovation economy that creates manufacturing careers, not jobs, but careers that are at the heart of the middle class. 
We must reauthorize the ExportImport Bank, a critical financial tool for our companies to remain competitive in the global marketplace. 
predictable Tax Code that encourages companies to return to the United States and levels the playing field for our small businesses, particularly our familyowned companies. 
science, technology, engineering, and math so that the United States remains the leader in global innovation for generations to come. By engaging our students in the STEM fields, we can prepare them to be the scientists, entrepreneurs, and innovators of the future. 
astronauts like Waterbury’s own Rick Mastracchio, who circled the planet on the International Space Station, or machinists or Teamsters, who assemble the aircraft that our military flies proudly all around the world, or computer programmers, who make our world more accessible and connected. Many of my colleagues share my passion for STEM education and bolstering our skilled workforce. With Minority Whip STENY HOYER ’s 
leadership, Congress has advanced the Make It In America agenda and passed important legislation to cut taxes, provide small business loans, train skilled workers, and support American manufacturing. 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle who are dedicated to creating and growing American jobs. 
focusing on commonsense practical policies, our bipartisan efforts can stimulate real economic growth. We should seize the opportunity to work together to support highpaying careers in American manufacturing. 
BYRNE ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for 5 minutes. 
the second year in a row, my home State of Washington and my Fourth Congressional District are facing the worst wildfires in the State’s recorded history. 
fire broke out in Okanogan County. At the time, it was the most destructive in our State’s history, burning over 250,000 acres, destroying hundreds of homes and businesses, and devastating the environment. 
once again enduring another catastrophic wildfire season, far surpassing the scale of the devastation experienced last year. 
of land burning in my home State is equivalent to the State of Rhode Island. Many of these fires continue to burn, even as Federal, State, and local agencies and officials work tirelessly to contain them. 
mourning the tragic loss of three firefighters who fell in the line of duty on August 19 while battling the Twisp fire in Okanogan County. We remember and mourn the loss of these brave young men: Andrew Zajac, Richard Wheeler, and Tom Beshevsky. 
and their loved ones. The current situation in Washington is dire, and the heartbreaking loss of life is a sober reminder of the dangerous conditions facing many residents. 
burned, along with countless homes and businesses and agricultural operations, forcing thousands of residents to evacuate their homes as the threat continues. 
state of emergency and the President approved a Federal emergency declaration, the threat remains for residents of central and eastern Washington, and more resources are necessary. 
For the first time in history, the Forest Service has spent more than half 
across the country over 8 million acres have already burned just this year. 
week that it has begun the practice known as fire borrowing, which is transferring funds to supplement its diminishing firefighting budget. 
into a vicious cycle where funding is not available for critical fire mitigation efforts, such as thinning dense forests, rehabilitating areas after wildfires, and ensuring communities are more resilient and prepared for future fires. 
worse than the last, a trend that we are now experiencing in Washington, which is why it is more important than ever to pass legislation to fix this problem such as the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act. 
To protect our communities and battle the wildfires, firefighters from across the U.S., as well as Australia and New Zealand, have joined the fight. We owe them our deepest gratitude and thanks. 
responders and volunteers and National Guard servicemembers who have worked around the clock at great personal risk to fight the blaze deserve recognition for their heroic and selfless efforts. 
I have seen firsthand how our communities have pulled together to help one another during these trying times. Our communities in central and eastern Washington are resolute, resilient, and have come together to confront the many challenges facing them. 
of volunteers from all over the State and country, who provide shelter to survivors, cook meals, and unload trucks of relief supplies, is a testament to the spirit and determination of Washingtonians and our neighbors. 
current fires have only worsened what was already a perilous situation, with more and more homes being destroyed, families being displaced, and severe economic hardship expected in the aftermath. 
losses caused by catastrophic wildfires of the last 2 years, and Congress must continue to push to improve forest health and to ensure that this does not happen again. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) for 5 minutes. 
rise to join my neighbor and good friend from Sacramento in honoring three brave Americans who foiled an attempted attack on passengers in a train traveling from Amsterdam to Paris on August 22, 2015. Anthony Sadler, Spencer Stone, and Alek 
Skarlatos were the three brave Americans who stopped this attack. 
Anthony Sadler is a native of Pittsburg, California, which, happily, is in my congressional district. These courageous men charged the attacker, who was armed with an AK–47 and dozens of rounds of ammunition, enough to kill everyone on that train. 
no one was killed and injuries were minimized. Each were awarded France’s highest civilian honor, the Legion d’Honneur. 
As we reflect on 9/11, 14 years ago this 
week, the heroic efforts of these young men underscore our Nation’s resolve to confront violent extremism. I am thankful they returned home to their families and to America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. 
hours, the House will vote on a resolution to stop the Iran nuclear treaty. 
not to call it a treaty, but it is a treaty in everything but name, with international ramifications as great as any treaty Congress has ever considered. 
Because treaties have a profound implication to the life of this Nation, the Constitution requires they be ratified by a twothirds vote of the Senate. Yet, in this postconstitutional era of Obama’s America, it now require two thirds of both Houses to reject them. 
taken a stand against this treaty. So rejection or ratification now rests solely on whether enough Democrats are willing to place country ahead of party on a matter of the gravest consequence to world peace. 
immediate effects of this treaty: $150 billion in frozen assets will be released to a regime whose leaders daily reiterate their intention to wage war on Israel and the United States. These funds will be available to finance Iran’s military and terrorist activities and to fund its nuclear ambitions. 
halt production of fissile material, it gives Iran the legal right to continue its research and development of advanced centrifuges, the only purpose of which is to produce nuclear weapons. 
in conventional arms in just 5 years and ICBM technology in 8 years, something that Obama’s own chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said should be done ‘‘under no circumstances’’ just a week before the treaty was announced. 
most immediately imperiled by a nuclear Iran—our ally, Israel—is united in its opposition to this treaty? Israeli political parties are among the most fractured and disputatious in the world. Yet, they stand united on this 
regime is notorious for not honoring its treaty obligations? Indeed, Iran signed a nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has violated it ever since, which is why we are now debating this treaty. 
central focus of any treaty with this regime. Yet, under its very terms, spot inspections can be delayed for weeks or even months if the regime objects. 
under secret side agreements the administration had no intention of sharing, inspections of the most important nuclear sites are to be conducted by the Iranians themselves. This provision alone guarantees that history will ridicule this treaty as the pinnacle of naivety. 
why? Why would anyone who values peace support this treaty? The answer I hear is that it reduces the chance of war in the next few years or, in Neville Chamberlain’s words, it guarantees ‘‘peace in our time.’’ 
treaty gives Israel the Hobson’s choice of launching a preemptive strike or ramping up its own nuclear program. 
The Saudis and Egyptians have already made clear this agreement gives them no alternative other than to initiate their own nuclear programs. It catastrophically undermines the Iranian democratic opposition at just the time the regime was faltering from within. 
Ironically, Mr. Obama tacitly concedes the destabilizing effect of this treaty by following it up with pledges to vastly increase military aid to Israel, Egypt, and Saudi Arabia. If he really believed this treaty stabilizes the region, why would it need a new infusion of arms? 
to consider the ramifications of this vote. The constitutional concerns are huge. This sets a dangerous precedent that essentially rescinds the treaty clause of the Constitution, a precedent they might live to regret under Republican administrations. 
chain of events this treaty would set off in the Middle East and quickly spread throughout the world. This treaty bolsters the Iranian regime from within. It infuses it with $150 billion with which to finance its nuclear ambitions. It gives it the legal right and guaranteed timetable to pursue nuclear war and cannot be verified through inspections. 
to destroy Israel and the United States, a threat reiterated yesterday in no uncertain terms by its Supreme Leader. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED) for 5 minutes. 
lot of important issues before the House this week, but I wanted to take an opportunity to raise an issue that we have been working on in our office for quite some time. 
faced with an opportunity, hopefully, to resolve this issue here shortly in the next few months, and that is the issue of the Social Security disability insurance trust fund. 
just read the Social Security trustees report over the summer—that the disability trust fund goes insolvent in 2016. That means millions of Americans who rely on Social Security disability benefits are looking at a situation where their benefits are going to be cut 20 percent because of the insolvency of the Social Security trust fund—2016, Mr. Speaker, that is right around the corner. 
with the White House, with Jack Lew— our Treasury Secretary—in our Committee on Ways and Means hearing, I asked him 2 years ago: What is the plan? What is the solution to this problem? 
is what we are going to do: we are just going to take money from the Social Security retirement fund and move it over to the disability trust fund and bail it out. 
knew a lot of businessowners, and what that essentially was, it is robbing Peter to pay Paul because the Social Security retirement fund is on a path to insolvency just a few short years down the road. 
I said we could do better. That is why 
I was glad to join with my colleague, SAMJOHNSON , who chairs the Subcommittee on Social Security here in Washington, to change the rules to make sure that that solution would not be the one that we follow here in 2015 and 2016. We can do better. 
You know why we can do better? It is 
because we care. We care about the people that are in the disability trust fund, and we need to listen to those people. This is what their experience is with the disability trust fund today. They are frustrated. It is a bureaucracy. It is a mess. 
fraudulent payments. We have a system that penalizes people returning to work, rather than trying to incentivize them and stand with them when they return to work. 
Mike Zelly come before the committee and testify to us, and he is in the disability trust fund. He was in a horrific automobile accident 36 years ago and has been in a wheelchair ever since. 
to. These are the people that know the disability trust fund the best. What his 
testimony to us was, he says we should seize this opportunity to fix this problem, take care of the bureaucracy, make sure the overpayments don’t occur because, when an overpayment occurs to a disability recipient, guess who has to pay it back? It is the disability recipient because of the Social Security Administration’s incompetence. That is not right. That is not fair. 
about in his 36 years in the disability trust fund is that, when he tried to return to work, he was faced with obstacle after obstacle of a bureaucracy that said, if you do that, you will lose your benefit. That is not right. 
can improve the system to streamline this bureaucracy. This is the process someone in the Social Security disability trust fund has to go through in order to try to go back to work. We need to simplify it, and we need to stand with the American work ethic for the people in the disability trust fund that want to return to work. 
There was a recent Brookings Institution report that came across my desk that I read. There was 40 percent return on the beneficiaries in the disability trust fund that indicated they would like to return to work, but because of the bureaucracy, there was fear. There was a sense that, if they did that, they would lose their benefit, and they just couldn’t risk it. 
That is why we are offering commonsense reforms here out of our office, out of the Committee on Ways and Means, out of this House, hopefully, shortly, so that what we can do is make sure that those disability trust fund recipients don’t look at a 20 percent cut in 2016. 
will make sure we do what is necessary in order to make sure that our obligations and promises under the disability trust fund are met to those individuals because that is the right thing to do. 
modernize the Social Security disability trust fund to make sure that we stand with those that want to return to work and believe in the American work ethic like we do. 
on a bipartisan basis, and there has been an indication of bipartisan work that we have been able to show here in the initial conversations. 
fund; let’s cure the waste, fraud, and abuse, but most importantly, let’s stand with the individuals like Mike Zelly who want to return to work because it gives him dignity and it gives him a sense that he is contributing rather than being in any way a burden on the system. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
1776, the Continental Congress declared the name of our new Nation to be the United States of America, no longer United Colonies. Our national unity was strong. 
Lord, we also remember unity September 11, 2001, when terrorists attacked our Nation. Again, our Nation stood united, strong, and resolute. 
commitment to unity, that sense of all for one and one for all. We pray for our military and first responders, noble heroes all. 
wisdom and vision; help them serve this great Nation, under God, ‘‘with liberty and justice for all.’’ One Nation. One heart. One mind. 
under God, as Jesus taught us to pray, to our Father, who is in heaven. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M CCOLLUM) come forward and lead the House 
Ms. M CCOLLUM led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, it is 
a distinct honor to introduce and honor guest chaplain Reverend Robert Michaels, from Brentwood, Tennessee. 
body, we begin each day with a prayer. I am so pleased that Chaplain Michaels is offering that prayer today. 
trauma care specialist for Serve & Protect, an international nonprofit organization dedicated to comprehensive and confidential trauma care and therapy for police officers, firefighters, rescue workers, dispatchers, and other emergency workers. 
Chaplain Michaels served in law enforcement with the 229th Military Police Battalion of the Virginia Army National Guard, as well as with the Norfolk, Virginia, police department. 
Memphis division, Nashville R.A., State chaplain for Tennessee FOP, and is a chaplain and second vice president for Morris Heithcock FOP Lodge 41 in Williamson County, Tennessee, where he is an active member and leads a Bible study group for first responders. 
Academy of Experts in Trauma Stress, National Center for Crisis Management, the International Conference of Police Chaplains, and Federation of Fire Chaplains. He holds a BA from Columbia International University and an MA from Wheaton College. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in welcoming Chaplain Michaels today and expressing gratitude for the good work that he does for our law enforcement and emergency workers each and every day. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise 
to recognize the members of Rowan Little League’s 12under softball team. 
Hales, Caylie Keller, Caitlin Mann, Kali Morton, Taylor Sanborn, Megyn Spicer, Liza Simmerson, Jaden Vaughn, Taylor Walton, Ellie Wilhelm, and Ellen Yang played their hearts out during the Little League Softball World Series in Portland, Oregon, and emerged as world champions. 
from Coaches Eric Dowling and Rob Hales, led the team, who went 5–1 in the tournament and outscored their opponents 43–6 during the winning campaign. 
inning of the championship game versus East regional champs, Rhode Island, the team relied on exceptional pitching and outstanding defensive play to win the game. I commend these young athletes and 
congratulate them on a job well done. North Carolina is incredibly proud of the teamwork, dedication, and perseverance they exhibited on the way to this extraordinary achievement. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I attended a visitation for St. Paul firefighter and paramedic Shane Clifton. Mr. Clifton passed away while on duty at Fire Station 14 in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
In addition to his duties as firefighter and paramedic, Shane served in Afghanistan and Iraq as a member of the United States Navy and participated in humanitarian missions in Haiti. 
Shane and firefighters around Minnesota and our Nation sacrifice time away from their families, work long hours, and put their lives at risk to keep our communities safe. We owe all of our first responders an incredible debt of gratitude for ensuring our public safety. 
bravely and his death is a tragedy. The city of St. Paul, Fire Station 14, and his family will all miss his presence dearly. 
children, his family, and his brothers and sisters in the St. Paul Fire Department. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, the President’s failure to lead our Nation for a strategy of peace through strength has resulted in mass murders in the Middle East. 
We have seen his failure to take action after Syria violated his declared ‘‘red line’’ and used chemical weapons against its citizens. We have seen his failure in recognizing ISILDaesh as a deadly threat to American families as the ‘‘JV’’ team. The President has been inaccurate in describing his dangerous nuclear deal. 
women, and children fleeing their homes in Syria. They are escaping a murderous government, the same government propped up by the Iranian regime. The President is establishing a failed dangerous legacy that has left the Middle East in wars and mayhem with refugees and migrants drowning at sea. 
when he remarked: Obama’s mistakes make it impossible to 
travel in time back to a theoretical world where sanctions might have derailed Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Monday, three New Yorkers—Morris and Beth Faitelewicz, who celebrated their 33rd wedding anniversary in June, and Yehuda Bayme, fiance to their only daughter—lost their lives in a Sullivan County car accident. 
the Lower East Side. Not only were they respected community members, but Morris and Beth had been involved in response and recovery efforts on 9/11. 
Morris served as vice chair of Manhattan’s Community Board 3, was citywide coordinator and deputy inspector of NYPD’s Auxiliary Volunteer Emergency Services Rescue Unit in the World Trade Center area, and was a dedicated Hatzolah member. 
He was among the first to rush to the 
World Trade Center. For his efforts, he earned a Port Authority exceptional service award and a city council proclamation. Beth, an ER nurse, also served with distinction after the towers collapsed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the Mayers Memorial Hospital in my district, the First District of California, in Fall River Mills, eastern Shasta County, not only for their commitment to deliver exemplary healthcare services to the northeast area of rural California, but also in congratulations for, after years of planning and diligence on their part, Mayers was recently awarded a $21 million USDA rural development grant to address the hospital and region’s most urgent needs, including replacement facilities for emergency departments, acute care, and diagnostic services, while making the facility compliant with California’s rigid earthquake mandates that will make the building in seismic code by 2020. 
Access to healthcare services is already critical and a big challenge in 
our hospitals and doctors have the tools they need to continue offering primary care and emergency health services is very critical for our area. 
that I was happy to help support—will have a positive impact on the community and the whole northeast region, generating jobs, and making sure the people of eastern Shasta County, as well as northeastern California, have the healthcare services and emergency services they need. 
LET’S FOCUS MORE ON PRIORITIES OF HARDWORKING AMERICAN FAMILIES 
Republican leadership’s continued dysfunction and inability to govern is starting to have real effects on people back home. 
month back home listening to the people that I work for, and I heard one message loud and clear. They want us to get to work and get things done and set aside the hyperpartisanship and focus on the priorities of the American people; yet we are 10 days away from another government shutdown. 
we were 6 months ago in getting a budget that represents the interests and the priorities of the American people, 10 days away from another government shutdown—instead of focusing on the priorities of the American people, like rebuilding our crumbling roads and bridges that would help us be more efficient and make our businesses more productive, nothing. 
of the American people to grow our economy, we have seen nothing come to this floor of the House. We can’t even get a budget bill. 
willing to work, and we stand willing to compromise. We will work with you to put together a spending plan. We cannot continue to allow the priorities of the American people to be set aside. 
(Mr. GIBBS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to oppose the nuclear deal that the President and Secretary of State Kerry negotiated with Iran. Since the announcement of the deal on July 14, the world has learned piece by piece just how bad it is. 
House floor on the elements that would be needed in order to consider an agreement with Iran. 
One such element was the requirement of anytime, anywhere inspections, which would give inspectors 24 hour access to any site inside Iran; yet, 
according to Hillel Fradkin, an expert at the Hudson Institute, Iran could get as many as 63 days—possibly more—before inspections. This gives Iran time to hide and destroy any potential evidence of nuclear weapons research. 
sanctions too quickly and gives Iran access to $150 billion in sanctions relief. Iran is a top exporter and supporter of terrorism. We should not be making it easier for them to fund groups like Hezbollah and dictators like those in Syria, nor should we make it easier for Iran to procure conventional arms and missiles that have the capability of reaching American soil. 
that the conventional arms embargo would not be lifted, this is precisely what will happen with the UN arms embargo ending in just 5 years. The President is rewarding Iran with money, access to weaponry, and a 10 year pause on their nuclear weapons research—and that is if the Iranians don’t cheat. 
and bully its neighbors is not what I call a good agreement for the United States or allies Israel and Saudi Arabia. Congress must end this deal and impose stronger sanctions. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to invite all of my colleagues to join me tonight in the Cannon Caucus Room to celebrate Las Vegas Night. 
music and casino games, and it just promises to be a good time. This is what is happening only in District One. It is my pleasure to welcome and thank the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce for hosting this event. It is going to be just a great evening, and I hope you will all join us. 
hard hit by the recession, but now we are doing so much better. We had 315,000 tourists just over Labor Day weekend. We will welcome over 42 million tourists and business travelers this year, and that includes 8 million foreign visitors. That supports 366,000 jobs. I tip my hat to those workers in the tourism industry who have helped us make it through. 
Please join me tonight, and remember that what happens on Vegas Night stays on Vegas Night. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, every 
day, cuttingedge medical innovation is making it possible for patients to live healthy, active lives. One of the best examples of this is lower limb prosthetics. 
altering experience, but the continued advancement and development of prosthetics has made it possible for many of these patients to continue to have significant amounts of functionality, along with ensuring they won’t be confined to wheelchairs. 
However, proposed changes to Medicare rules threaten access to important medical innovation and medical technology. Recently, a number of patients and advocacy groups came to Washington to share what the proposed rule changes would mean to them. One patient from Minnesota noted that the proposed rule would turn back the clock and force her to use a prosthetic that she claimed would be the car equivalent of a 1970s Vega. 
Mr. Speaker, I share the apprehension that these patients have, and I encourage CMS, the agency in charge of administering Medicare, to chart a different course when it comes to administering lower limb prosthetics. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, Republican selfstyled experts like Sarah Palin, Glenn Beck, and Donald Trump condemning an agreement to decrease 
The Conservative Caucus founder derided our President as a ‘‘useful idiot’’ and a ‘‘weak man.’’ 
negotiating a nuclear agreement with an untrustworthy, terroristpromoting regime that is bent on destroying America. 
were not against President Obama, rather they were against President Ronald Reagan for agreeing with the Soviets to limit nuclear missiles. What the bombfirst, rejectionist crowd lacks in understanding and creativity they make up for here today in fatal consistency. Those who think the only good deal with Iran is a dead deal over nuclear weapons are only endangering our families. 
prevail and the President will be sustained, and our families will be all the safer for it. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 37 years ago today, I received one of the highest honors of my life when I was married to the former Amy Coppage of Waycross, Georgia. 
Young Harris College in the north Georgia mountains. I didn’t really like her much then—she was a lot smarter than me—but that quickly changed, and I grew very fond of her. 
Methodist Church in Waycross, Georgia. We have been blessed with three wonderful sons, two daughtersinlaw, two wonderful granddaughters, and we have a grandson on the way. Those fine young men are really the result of her efforts. 
I want to wish her a happy anniversary. We have been very blessed, and I am blessed today to have her with me. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today is Wear Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. 
We have heard so many heartbreaking details of the death and destruction that Boko Haram has brought upon the people of Nigeria. 
I am strongly encouraged by President Buhari’s pledge to defeat Boko Haram by the end of December with the help of a multinational joint task force that is made up of troops from Benin, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nigeria—and also to free the girls. 
in my office yesterday with members of the Nigerian House of Representatives—people who I know share my concern about Boko Haram and the Chibok girls. These honorable men confirmed the news that Boko Haram is quickly deteriorating—fractured after losing its central command—and may be defeated even before President Buhari’s December deadline. 
those precious girls are returned, we will continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls and tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
of Congress, myself included, wrote the President with objectives any deal must reach before we would consider lifting sanctions. The deal is before us, and now it has none of them. 
There are no anytime, anywhere inspections. Iran gets to maintain key nuclear infrastructure. The most important restrictions begin to expire in as few as 10 years. On top of that, Iran will receive $100 billion in sanctions relief almost immediately. 
This agreement is a dangerous gamble for the United States and our allies, especially for Israel. Our security is on the line, and the deck is stacked in favor of a sworn adversary. I will be voting to reject this disastrous deal, and I call on my colleagues to do the 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
details found within the nuclear Iran deal are stunning. 
The original pledge of anywhere, anytime inspections gave way to a 24day lead time for Iranians to hide their activities from inspectors. 
into two secret deals with the IAEA and that the details are not available to the duly elected Members of this body. 
than a bad deal. Yet here we are with a very bad deal. 
war, as this administration is fear mongering, but through strengthened sanctions to continue international pressure on the largest state sponsor of terrorism. Without war, we can pursue a nuclearfree Iran through diplomacy by engaging with our allies and with peaceloving nations and with the deterrent of military might and effective economic sanctions. 
on the last four decades and on its recent behavior, I only trust them to cheat. 
must defeat this deal in the interest of regional stability and our own national security and for the prospect of peace for future generations of Americans and our allies. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today in sadness over the loss of two northeast Indiana community leaders. 
Jac Price, a lifetime LaGrange County native, passed away on Sunday, September 6, at the age of 76. Jac, a member of the United States Army, a LaGrange County commissioner and business leader, loved his country, State, and community very much. In a testament to this, last month, Jac was awarded the prestigious Sagamore of the Wabash award—our State’s highest honor—by Governor Mike Pence. He will be missed by many, and I rise today to honor Jac’s service to our State. Indiana also lost Garrett Mayor 
Tonya Hoeffel on Sunday as well. Tonya passed away at the age of 52, living a life dedicated to DeKalb County and the city of Garrett, Indiana. Her heart for serving her community represented true Hoosier values and is an example for all of us to follow. Her contagious smile will be forever missed. I continue to keep her husband, children, and family in my prayers. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Ridgway Rifle Club, which has been called the ‘‘Silhouette Capital of the United States.’’ 
shooting at steel targets at varying distances. While silhouette shooting has been around for 100 years, the Ridgway Rifle Club has the distinction of being the first club east of the Mississippi River to open this type of a shooting range, in the 1970s. 
years to include silhouettes of all shapes and sizes. One of its most recent creations, the Varmint Bench Rest Silhouette, includes small targets that are placed 1,000 yards from the shooter. 
Club’s silhouette range is very popular, with more than 100 people attending matches each month. The range has even attracted national attention, and it was recently featured on the television program ‘‘Shooting USA.’’ 
nurturing a love of target shooting, shooting sports, and its support of the Second Amendment in our communities and for future generations. 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize an institution that for a half century has provided excellence in higher education to the people of Florida’s 13th Congressional District, to the State of Florida, and, increasingly, to all corners of the world. 
I rise to recognize and honor the University of South Florida St. Petersburg as it celebrates its 50th anniversary. 
in 1965 by the University of South Florida to meet a rising demand by students who sought to make their mark in the world. It grew through the eighties and nineties, and, by 2006, USF became its own accredited institution by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. Today, it boasts over 5,000 students and faculty who are 
jurors; and it boasts partnerships with leading health institutions, like All Children’s Hospital and Raymond James. In short, USF St. Petersburg has become part of the fabric of Pinellas County, enriching the lives of students, faculty, and all of our neighbors. 
join me in recognizing USF St. Petersburg as it celebrates 50 magnificent years of higher education. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, on August 26th, an armed man, who we later learned posed a security threat when he jumped the fence at the White House earlier this year, charged past the metal detectors at the Chester County Courthouse in my district and threatened those going about their daily schedules. The intruder used a knife to attack and wound a deputy sheriff before being shot dead. 
as a Chester County Commissioner and regularly went into that building. 
and thank those security officers, especially those serving in the Chester County Sheriff’s Department who put their lives on the line each day to protect our communities, for their hard work. 
many is the countless amount of time spent training and preparing for such an incident if it ever does come about. 
Bunny Welsh and those in her department for the service they provide every single day. 
Mr. Speaker, it is because of their heroic efforts that for those who enter the Chester County Courthouse day in and day out can feel safe. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 10 
o’clock and 27 minutes p.m. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 411, FINDING THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS NOT COMPLIED WITH SECTION 2 OF THE IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3461, APPROVAL OF JOINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3460, SUSPENSION OF AUTHORITY TO WAIVE, SUSPEND, REDUCE, PROVIDE RELIEF FROM, OR OTHERWISE LIMIT THE APPLICATION OF SANCTIONS PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT RELATED TO THE NUCLEAR PROGRAM OF IRAN 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–259) on the resolution (H. Res. 412) providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 411) finding that the President has not complied with section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3461) to approve the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, signed at Vienna on July 14, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3460) to suspend until January 21, 2017, the authority of the President to waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 64, Disapproving of the agreement transmitted to Congress by the President on July 19, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran. 
the individuals from the Obama administration and their counterparts across the globe for their tireless work in this agreement. 
this is as close as our country and the international community have come to signing a peace agreement. That progress did not come without significant sacrifice of personal and professional time. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. While I commend all those involved and recognize the importance of a comprehensive nuclear agreement, I do not believe in what we are getting. 
Over the past 30 years, the international community has been subjected to Iranian threats and bully behaviors. The international community has also had to tolerate Iran’s constant threats to destroy our Nation and the 
State of Israel, our staunch ally. For too long, the community of nations has dealt with Iran’s funding of terrorism throughout the Middle East and the world. 
would allow the Iranian regime to continue to perpetrate these actions without repercussions. It is important to mention that these are not just my beliefs. 
has received hundreds of contacts from constituents opposing the Iran agreement. 
In the month of August, I held town halls, 
the people in our district do not trust Iran. 
The State of Israel should not have to worry 
about more threats and potentially expanded attacks funded by Iranian petrodollars. 
relief to a regime that continues to call for our destruction and those of our allies. 
Iran’s nuclear program is a laudable goal, perhaps one of the most important in the world. 
I also believe that we should work to alleviate the pressures and foster the goals of the Iranian people. 
The young people in Iran are being held accountable for the actions of an autocratic, religiouslymotivated panel of leaders. 
However, we cannot ignore 30 years of unrelenting threats and condemnable behavior for a decade or less of nuclear concessions. 
you are perceived as a bully, then you’ll be treated as one. 
the two countries but we can hopefully work toward a better situation. 
As long as our friends and allies in the Middle East and around the world feel the threat of Iranian influence, our job as the United States is to hold the regime accountable in every way possible. 
It is my hope we work together to block this 
deal and use its framework to get a better deal. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
of the United States, transmitting an alternative plan for monthly basic pay increases 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1554. A bill to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–257). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2223. A bill to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–258). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 412. A Resolution providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 411) finding that the President has not complied with section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3461) to approve the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, signed at Vienna on July 14, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3460) to suspend until January 21, 2017, the authority of the President to waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran (Rept. 114–259). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. K INGof New York, 
H.R. 3456. A bill to improve the process for 
claims for losses under the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3457. A bill to prohibit the lifting of 
sanctions on Iran until the Government of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the 
BONAMICI , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. 
H.R. 3458. A bill to authorize appropriations to the Department of Transportation for surface transportation research, development, and deployment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. W ILSON of South 
GUTHRIE , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. H ECKof 
Nevada, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
Michigan, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R USSELL, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 3459. A bill to clarify the treatment of 
under the National Labor Relations Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
21, 2017, the authority of the President to waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3461. A bill to approve the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, signed at Vienna on July 14, 2015, relating to the nuclear program of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself and Ms. GRAHAM ): 
H.R. 3462. A bill to amend title 46, United 
States Code, and the DingellJohnson Sport Fish Restoration Act with respect to sport fish restoration and recreational boating safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3463. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to clarify the treatment of pediatric dental coverage in the individual and group markets outside of Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
H.R. 3464. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to provide that the United States Postal Service may not close or consolidate any postal facility located in a ZIP code with a high rate of population growth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3465. A bill to enhance the services of 
the Office of Contracts and Procurement at the Department of Transportation to assist modal agencies, States, and grant recipients with certain design and procurement practices and contracts; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
H.R. 3466. A bill to demonstrate a commitment to our Nation’s scientists by increasing opportunities for the development of our next generation of researchers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3467. A bill to establish a pilot program to train public housing residents as home health aides and in homebased health services to enable such residents to provide covered homebased health services to residents of public housing and residents of federallyassisted rental housing, who are elderly and disabled, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
DINGELL , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. H AHN, 
Mr. T AKAI, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. M ENG, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. 
ADAMS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
H.R. 3468. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to establish a scaleup manufacturing investment company program; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the use of the Armed Forces of the United States against Iran if the President determines and certifies to Congress that Iran is not able to demonstrate that it has not sought, developed, or acquired nuclear weapons in violation of its commitments or obligations under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 75. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that those who commit or support atrocities against Christians and other ethnic and religious minorities, including Yezidis, Turkmen, Sabea Mandeans, Kaka’e, and Kurds, and who target them specifically for ethnic or religious reasons, are committing, and are hereby declared to be committing, ‘‘war crimes’’, ‘‘crimes against humanity’’, and ‘‘genocide’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H. Con. Res. 76. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that Taiwan 
President has not complied with section 2 of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Texas (for herself, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. H ONDA ): 
H. Res. 413. A resolution honoring the victims of hate crimes of Islamophobia and antiimmigrant sentiment, in the aftermath of September 11, 2001, where individuals were targeted by violence and hatred, because they were Muslim or perceived to be Muslim; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
(H.R. 3469) for the relief of Beloved Jefeti; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3455. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3456. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3457. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3458. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3459. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3460. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States (relating to the regulation of commerce with foreign nations). By Mr. BOEHNER: 
H.R. 3461. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States (relating to the regulation of commerce with foreign nations). 
H.R. 3462. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3463. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3464. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3465. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3466. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3467. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . 
provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ 
H.R. 3468. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3469. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 66. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 69: Ms. F UDGE and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 140: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. M ILLER of 
H.R. 167: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 184: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
H.R. 303: Mr. H IMES, Ms. E DWARDS , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C UELLAR , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 333: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
H.R. 702: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
H.R. 704: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 842: Mr. N UGENT and Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 855: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M EEHAN , and 
H.R. 985: Mr. S TEWART and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 997: Mr. S HUSTER and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1130: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 1141: Ms. G ABBARD and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 1142: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. D OLD, Mr. K INGof New York, and 
New Mexico, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1475: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 1516: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 1728: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Ms. E DDIE 
H.R. 1737: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. C OLEand Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 1786: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. B USTOS , 
H.R. 1814: Ms. S INEMA , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1948: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 1966: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2013: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
H.R. 2145: Mr. R IBBLE and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 2156: Ms. G RAHAM , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
H.R. 2293: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
KEATING , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
Texas, Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 2342: Mr. K IND, Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. S HERMAN and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2609: Mr. B RATand Mr. H ENSARLING . 
BYRNE , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Ms. E SHOO . 
CONNOLLY , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 2698: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. J ODY B. 
H.R. 2739: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. V ANHOLLEN. 
H.R. 2764: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2844: Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
H.R. 2847: Mr. D ENT, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. N ADLER, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. 
H.R. 2901: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
H.R. 2915: Ms. L OFGREN and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2948: Mr. R IBBLE and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2957: Ms. M OORE , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
H.R. 2989: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 3029: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
ROYBAL ALLARD , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mrs. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. C OOK, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P IERLUISI , Miss 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 3151: Mr. F LORES , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
New Mexico, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 3187: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 3221: Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
H.R. 3268: Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
BEYER , Ms. L EE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R OTHFUS , and 
H.R. 3286: Ms. G RAHAM and Ms. B ROWNLEY  
H.R. 3296: Mr. B RATand Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 3338: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. 
H.R. 3364: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3377: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. 
H.R. 3407: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
ROTHFUS , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
H.R. 3442: Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R EED, Mr. F LORES, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. B LACK , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C UELLAR , 
H. Res. 318: Mr. G RAYSON and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H. Res. 410: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. P OSEY . 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6477 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 2015 No. 129 