one of my pleasures in public service is the opportunity to work with some extraordinarily motivated and talented staff. Nowhere in my career has it been more evident than here on Capitol Hill. 
The joy of working with smart, dedicated, committed young people, often under very difficult, even chaotic, situations, who are here because they make a difference, brightens every day 
There are inevitably bittersweet moments when it is time for some trusted members of your team to move on to other careers, graduate school, or move to follow their families. Today in my office we are celebrating one such moment. 
for over 7 years in positions of increasing responsibility until ultimately becoming our Legislative Director. 
school. Long before he assumed the management of our legislative operations, Michael had made significant impacts far beyond my office. One specific area that he carved out was international water and sanitation. 
the Paul Simon Water for the World Act and dealing with funding for related programs, literally millions of lives will be saved. 
Mr. Harold’s personal commitment to the Special Immigrant Visa Program to protect those Iraqis and Afghans who put their lives on the line to help American personnel as drivers, interpreters and guides under the most difficult of circumstances. 
their protection to avoid leaving those who are relying on us to the tender mercies of the Taliban and al Qaeda. 
would be a relatively simple issue. They risked their lives to help us. We made a commitment to protect them. But it became hopelessly confused and complex, with frayed nerves, long hours, and frustration. 
Now, unlike his work on international water and sanitation, which was massive, long term, and dealt with millions of people he would never meet, this was intensely personal. 
having been confronted with the most personal and searing examples, often 
on a oneonone basis. But whether it was saving millions with water policies or saving thousands with Special Immigrant Visas, Michael was relentless. He managed key efforts on public broadcasting and started our Neuroscience Caucus. I could go on and on. 
He was resolute, focused, and determined. He built a network of partners at the staff level with legislative leadership, with the committee staff, and other member offices in both the House and the Senate. 
progress on often overlooked sets of issues have profound consequences for the United States’ credibility, our moral standing, and for future generations around the world. 
Michael and his wife Brynne are pursuing new academic and career opportunities in Boston that will make them more effective in the long run, but also enable the ability to share their attitude and experience and effectiveness, the results of his model, that so much of the public will never see that takes place behind the scenes. 
While Members are obviously essential to the process, it is absolutely critical that men and women like Michael Harold make it happen. 
me to watch Michael progress professionally, to marry, start a family, all the while advancing some of the most consequential actions in Congress. 
Harold knows what he has done and appreciates all his special efforts to make the world and Capitol Hill a better place. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an important program which is assisting needy Pennsylvanians at a pivotal time of the year. 
hundreds of thousands of Pennsylvanians estimated to participate through the end of this week. 
is, of course, a very difficult time for people across the Commonwealth who are less fortunate. 
Harvest is so important. Through this program, hunters across Pennsylvania can take a deer they have harvested to a participating meat processing facility, and it will be donated to a food pantry, a soup kitchen, or other organization which assists the needy. 
This program is in its 24th year of assisting people across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. One deer alone can provide enough meat for up to 200 meals. Last year more than 2,300 deer were donated, amounting to nearly 100,000 pounds of venison. 
This is a season of giving, and I am 
proud of the hunters, the meat processing facilities, and charitable organizations across Pennsylvania who are participating in this program. 
THE URGENT NEED FOR CONGRESSIONAL ACTION ON PUERTO RICO 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. 
colleagues are aware, the heavily indebted U.S. territory of Puerto Rico is ensnared in a severe economic crisis. 
for this crisis, but they are its primary victims. I know they would prefer to live, work, and raise a family in Puerto Rico, but thousands are departing for the States every month in search of quality of life, which is not available in Puerto Rico. Each time an individual leaves because they feel compelled to go, it represents a small human tragedy. 
I have participated in five congressional hearings on Puerto Rico this year. The message I delivered about the roots of the crisis was clear and consistent. I have acknowledged that, over the years, Puerto Rico’s leaders, with a few exceptions, have demonstrated a lack of discipline and transparency in managing Puerto Rico’s public finances. For this, we have no one to blame but ourselves. 
again, the crisis has a second, equally significant source. It is the relationship between the Federal Government and Puerto Rico, which is like the relationship between a master and his servant. 
This relationship is a national disgrace. It denies my constituents, countless numbers of whom have served this country in uniform, the fundamental right to vote for their national leaders. Remember this the next time you hear our country lecture another country about the importance of democracy. 
Puerto Rico, I am a proud American citizen. But protesting the mistreatment of my people will always take precedence over being polite. 
Government and Puerto Rico allows you to treat us decently when it suits you and to treat us poorly whenever it does not. We live at your whim, subject to your impulses, which are bound by virtually no legal rules or moral standards. 
If there is a silver lining in this crisis, it is that the crisis has caused a clear majority of my constituents to conclude that the relationship between the Federal Government and Puerto Rico must change. 
this Union or independence outside of it. No longer should we be reduced to begging this Congress for crumbs and hoping you throw some our way. We must get off our knees, stand up straight, look you in the eye, and say ‘‘No more.’’ 
a State or a sovereign nation, our fate rests largely in the hands of Congress. I have introduced a series of bills that would empower Puerto Rico to help itself. These bills don’t seek a handout or special treatment. They seek the same or similar treatment as the States receive under the Federal health and other safety net programs, Federal tax credit programs, and the Federal law that authorizes debt restructuring. 
be because my colleagues did not have options to choose from. It will be because they made a conscious decision not to choose at all. 
Federal action is necessary to prevent a default by the Puerto Rico Government on its obligations to creditors, which would be catastrophic for all parties. To avoid this outcome, Congress should authorize Puerto Rico to restructure a meaningful portion of its bonded debt, but in a way that honors the territory’s constitution. 
cost to American taxpayers. If it is, I will not oppose the creation of a temporary, independent board that respects the Puerto Rico Government’s primary role in crafting its budget and making fiscal policy, but that is authorized to ensure that the Puerto Rico Government complies with appropriate budgeting standards and fiscal metrics. 
is good elected leadership, not heavy handed Federal intervention that further erodes democracy in the territory. 
It is in the national interest for Congress to act and to act now. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, just this 
past week the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office confirmed again what we already knew: ObamaCare is costing jobs. Yes, 2 million of them over the next 10 years, to be exact. 
But those aren’t just numbers. Represented within this study are real people whose lives and livelihoods are being upended by a Government knowsbest law that, more than 5 years later, still remains underwater with the American public. 
We saw a reallife picture of the damage of ObamaCare in my home State of Tennessee when a Music City institution, the Noshville Deli, announced this week that it would close its doors after 19 years because of the onerous mandates and high cost of this law. 
Loventhal, said this: The administrative time and cost of managing a mandated healthcare insurance in the restaurant industry create an untenable burden, and that’s before the cost of premiums. 
hours, including some sleepless nights, trying to find a solution, but I can’t find one. 
one of a kind, but, sadly, its story is not. It is being repeated across the country every single day. 
only real solution to the damage of ObamaCare is to repeal this law, root and branch, I am pleased that the House and the Senate have passed a 
reconciliation bill combating the most onerous portions of this law. 
When we put this bill on the President’s desk, I hope he will think of the real people, like Tom and the employees there at the restaurant, who are being hurt by ObamaCare. 
across the aisle want to call ObamaCare a jobs bill, as Leader PELOSI infamously said, I would invite 
them to come to the Noshville Deli, where they can get a good meal and a healthy dose of reality. But they had better do it quickly because, thanks to their votes, time for this beloved Nashville icon is running out. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, we are approaching the third anniversary of the day 20 6 and 7yearold children and 6 brave educators were gunned down at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in my district in Newtown, Connecticut. 
Newtown are here in Washington this week. They are joining with survivors and families of victims all across America. We are holding a vigil tonight—the third, sadly. The third annual national vigil to end gun violence 
Capitol Hill. The vigil will be held from 7 to 8:30 p.m., and I encourage all of my colleagues and staff members to join us. 
House should spend more time with the families and victims of gun violence. I say that because, in the 3 years since the shootings at Sandy Hook, the majority of this House hasn’t even allowed a single vote—not one vote—on gun safety legislation. It has now become the habit that, after every new, tragic mass shooting that claims the lives of more innocent Americans, this House merely acknowledges a moment of silence and then goes back to business as usual. 
Every time one of these mass shootings happens, people are retraumatized in my communities: the families, the first responders who went into the school, all of us. It is appalling and it is unacceptable that this keeps happening in America, and this Congress, the American Congress, does nothing. 
moments of silence. It is time for days of action. As vice chair of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, I am working on several commonsense measures, bills that would help prevent gun violence in this country while respecting and protecting the Second Amendment. It is time for congressional leaders to bring these bills to the floor to allow a vote. 
by American families all across this great Nation. The families of victims and survivors of gun violence deserve a vote. They deserve a vote on a bipartisan bill that will close background check loopholes and save lives. They deserve a vote on legislation to end the prohibition on Federal research funding for public health research on our gun violence epidemic, and they deserve a vote on a bipartisan bill this week to close the loophole that allows suspected terrorists to walk into a gun shop and legally buy a weapon. 
terrorist watch list have successfully bought guns in the United States in the past 11 years. I am a cosponsor of the Republican bill to fix this. H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act, would bar the sale or distribution of firearms to anyone the Attorney General has determined to be engaged in terrorist activities. 
Congress have a sworn duty to protect and defend the American people, but that is not what we are doing when we observe a moment of silence and do nothing. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the House is in session solely for the purpose of conducting morninghour debate. Therefore, that unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I will therefore stand quietly for the remainder of my time to protest the appalling silence and inaction of this House’s refusal to take meaningful action to protect the American people from the ravages of gun violence. 
HIS RETIREMENT AS EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER, CORNING INCORPORATED 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED) for 5 minutes. 
to talk about a great company in my district, Corning Incorporated, an American company that has risen over its 164year history to become one of the most innovative manufacturers in the world. But, Mr. Speaker, in particular, I rise to take a moment to honor one of the individuals of that company that has made it one of the leading manufacturers across the world. That individual is Kirk Gregg, Corning’s executive vice president and chief administrative officer, who is retiring from the company after 22 years of executive leadership. 
enormous contribution to the company’s success and to the community’s development. I am most grateful to Kirk for his unparalleled commitment to the community. He has had an enormously positive impact on our constituents and our extended family who live in the district. 
1993 and was named chief administrative officer in 2002. The same year, he was appointed to serve on Corning’s management committee, a small, very senior group of executives who lead the company on a daytoday basis. Over the last decade, Kirk has risen up the corporate ladder to become the third highest ranking executive in the company. 
has built the core infrastructure that makes Corning efficient and effective. He has had global responsibility for the corporate staff, including human resources, information technology, supply management, transportation, business services, community relations, government affairs, and aviation—a long list indeed. In total, he has managed over $1 billion annually in corporate infrastructure, making Corning’s staff one of the top performers among its peers in the country’s corporate community. 
It has been Kirk’s work for the community that distinguishes him among the corporate leaders and for which I am most grateful. He has played a huge role in meeting the needs of New 
York’s southern tier. For 17 years, he chaired the Three Rivers Development board, attracting tens of millions of dollars of investment to diversify the local community and create jobs. For 15 years, he led the Corning Classic LPGA tournaments, raising millions of dollars for our area hospitals. And statewide, he served for a decade on the board of directors for the Business Council of New York State, 2 years as the board’s chairman. Last, but not least, he has been an enthusiastic supporter of our local charities, cultural institutions, and human service organizations. 
Mr. Speaker, every Member of Congress seeks the perspective of people with broad insight into and who would contribute generously to the communities we represent. For me, Kirk is one of those rare people. He understands the people, the community, and the responsibility that corporate leaders have to support their local institutions. At the same time, Kirk is modest and selfeffacing. Kirk is one of those people who works quietly and effectively to make our communities better. 
Kirk Gregg my friend. I know that I speak for the entire southern tierCorning, New York, community when I thank him for his citizenship and service. We wish him and his wife, Penny, the very best in a welldeserved retirement. May they enjoy many more happy days entering this new chapter in their great lives. 
CLIMATE CHANGE IS THE GREATEST THREAT TO OUR PLANET 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. 
world looks to its leaders convened in Paris this month to act on the greatest threat to our planet, I rise today in support of a strong and fair global climate agreement. Now is the time to demonstrate our leadership and our obligation to the security and protection of our communities and our economy by committing to a robust agreement that puts us on a safer path for future generations. 
Last week, Mr. Speaker, House Republicans showed the American people, once again, where they stand when it comes to tackling the threat of climate change. By casting political votes against the Clean Power Plan, their message is loud and clear that any meaningful action will be met with attacks and political theater. 
nothing to stop rising sea levels, extreme weather, and land erosion. Failure to act will risk American economic prosperity and will disproportionately impact the poorest and most vulnerable communities across our Nation. 
heat stress due to factors like substandard housing and the lack of affordable utility costs. Native American communities face additional unique challenges. They rely directly on natural resources for food, medicine, and jobs, all of which are expected to be negatively affected by climate change. These communities have all called for action on a national and international scale, and we must listen. 
Mr. Speaker, my Democratic colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee have called on the Republican leadership to tackle this problem. But time and time again, we have been met with silence and inaction when it comes to discussing and acting on these critical issues. We must do better. Around the world, nations are looking to the United States for leadership on this serious issue. We must step up and join other nations who have already made commitments to act on climate change. 
The facts are clear: Action on climate change will not undermine our economy; it will support economic growth. In fact, acting will produce real benefits for our environment and our economy, including new businesses, better jobs, lower poverty, and reduced mortality rates. And businesses agree. 
Wall Street Journal, over 100 top companies, including CocaCola, Microsoft, Sprint, and DuPont, all called for strong action to tackle climate change in order to minimize climate risk and boost the economy. These businesses recognize what I hear from folks in my district from Phoenix and across Arizona: The time to act is now. We must build on the progress made in Paris. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand with the scientific, environmental, and public health communities who all agree that Paris must be the floor, not the ceiling, of our ambition. If the world takes a step forward in Paris, our partners will be prepared to build stronger climate policies and agreements moving forward. Local governments, States, and businesses will be empowered to reaffirm their commitments to lowcarbon pathways for decades to come. 
lead on climate. Mr. Speaker, America led the way into space, to the creation of the Internet and computers, to cellphones and so much more. We can and must lead into this new energy future. Our innovations and our leadership are going to fuel a cleaner and safer environment and economy, and our policies must reflect these realities. 
on the progress made in Paris, I hope it will be to thank us for what we have accomplished in order to leave them a healthier and safer environment. Let’s not let politics and grandstanding prevent us from taking responsibility for the planet we are leaving behind for our children and our grandchildren. MENTAL ILLNESS AND GUN 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, next week is the third anniversary of the sad tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School; but it is also time to recall all those other cities in America where tragedies have occurred: Tucson, Colorado Springs, Lafayette, Charlotte, Chattanooga, Dallas, Houston, Roseburg, Isla Vista, the Navy Yard, and closer to my district in Pittsburgh, Franklin Regional High School. 
What is common among these tragedies is the lives lost. I keep in my office photographs of some of the children whose lives were lost at Sandy Hook—Benjamin Andrew Wheeler, Dylan Hockley, and Daniel Barden—as well as those of teachers and other people from the school. A day doesn’t go by that I greet them in the morning and throughout the day and remember their lives, snuffed out too early. 
than just them when it comes to dealing with what people with severe mental illness and violence do. The body count this year is amazing. There will be 41,000 suicide deaths, 43,000 deaths from drug overdose, perhaps 1,000 to 1,500 homicides, perhaps a couple hundred people who encounter the police and are mentally ill and end up with their death, an unknown number of homeless who die that slowmotion death of homelessness, and those who are mentally ill that die 25 years sooner because of other chronic illness. 
greater than the U.S. combat deaths in Korea and Vietnam combined. Will that wake us up to do something in this Chamber? 
SAMHSA, which has used Federal money over the years for the most ludicrous and preposterous things; from designing art for pillowcases to collages and other aspects. We must reform the 112 Federal agencies that we pump money into every year to deal with mental illness. We have to deal with the shortage of beds. We have to get rid of the sameday doctor rule. We have to bring in more psychiatrists and psychologists who can provide treatment. We have to provide more early intervention and prevention, a greater workforce. And this Chamber has to stop postponing action on reforming our mental health system and bring to the floor H.R. 2646. 
range of Democrats and Republicans over the last couple of years to reform this bill, revise it, and perfect it. But at some point, if we are serious about helping those with serious mental illness, we have to bring it for action. Part of what happened is we closed 
all these asylums years ago and thought that if we provided some treatment for people, things would get better. States failed to provide that treatment. We shut down hundreds of thousands of psychiatric hospital beds and leave people still dumped into a system where they don’t get care. 
hugely discriminatory. The most fundamental, dangerous, and destructive hidden undercurrent of prejudice is low expectations; that your disability is as good as it gets. The shift to consider changes in how we treat severe mental health is a pendulum swinging the other way. 
closing down all the institutional care and stopping all treatment. It is a principle that operated under the misguided selfcentered and projected belief that all people at all times are fully capable of deciding their own fate and direction, regardless of their deficits and disease, and that the right to selfdecay and the right to selfdestruction overrides the right to be healthy. 
rights. The people throughout the country who are mentally ill have the right to be well and not just the right to be sick. 
But to maintain the current philosophy that many have, we abdicate comfortably our responsibility to action and live under the perverse redefinition that the most compassionate compassion is to do nothing at all. 
prejudices that a person with disabilities deserves no more than what they are. Under that approach, no dreams, no aspirations, no goals to be better can even exist. Indeed, to help a person heal is a headon collision with a bigoted belief that the severely mentally ill have no right to be better than they are and we have no obligation to help. 
up approach in the antitreatment model. That perversion of thought is 
embedded in the glorification that to live a life of deterioration, paranoia, filth, squalor, and emotional torment trumps a healed brain and a true chance to choose a better life. 
When we leave for the holiday period here, we will go by another month before we can bring this bill to the floor. Two hundred and forty people will die each day being a victim or perpetrator because of the mentally ill. For goodness sake, if we are going to do anything to help this country, Mr. Speaker, let’s bring H.R. 2646 for a vote on this floor and fix this problem in America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ) for 5 minutes. 
Earlier this week, the President addressed the country to talk about the impact of the Islamic State and the attacks in California. From what I saw, he gave his usual very brief and very naive analysis of the threat of global terrorism. Yet, once again, he still failed to provide any actual plan or strategy. 
his plan is working. He talked a lot about how we would continue to do the same things we have been doing for months. Meanwhile, ISIS continues to grow, expanding their influence, and hitting targets far from their home in Syria. 
I have spoken to feel surprised by the lack of focus and direction coming from the White House. This is the same President that has been dismantling our military piece by piece. He has continued to push for unsustainably low funding for our military in favor of social programs, while making dangerous deals that jeopardize the safety and security of our Nation and our allies overseas. 
the safety and security of the American people first. It seems abundantly clear to me and the rest of the country that the most important thing to this President is his personal legacy of instituting social change and other liberal wishlist items. 
claimed all of his plans were working and we should continue along the same course, he also argued that part of the solution to Muslim extremism was more gun control here in America. Obviously, the President’s memory is pretty weak. The Boston bombers did unthinkable harm with household items. The San Bernardino terrorists— yes, terrorists—had a dozen pipe bombs in their residence. These people are dedicated to destroying the West and instituting a caliphate. Do you really think that telling them that they can’t buy an AR–15 is going to stop them from hurting people? 
Let me be clear: this is not a gun 
issue. This is a terrorism issue. To combine the two is a blatant attempt to capitalize on a tragedy that should be looked at with disdain. But you never know. It wasn’t too long ago that Rahm Emanuel, former chief of staff to President Obama, would always remind his party to ‘‘never let a good crisis go to waste.’’ 
week, while everyone was talking about the terrorist attack in California—and despite pleas from the Marine Corps to make exemptions to certain military occupational specialties—the Secretary of Defense made the historic, but unbelievably dangerous, decision to open all combat jobs to women. 
But if there is one thing the President loves to do, it is to ignore his senior military leadership. Many people 
believe that the emergence of ISIS is directly related to his premature withdrawal from Iraq, and I agree. 
AWOL nature of this President. But in this case, AWOL stands for ‘‘absent without leadership.’’ 
California was a brutal reminder of just how dedicated our enemy is in fighting this war against us. Yet, the President only acknowledges it as a setback, similar to how he refused to acknowledge ISIS at all over a year ago. And when he finally did, he brushed it off, calling them the JV team. The night before the Paris attacks, he stated that ISIS had been contained. 
unbelievably misinformed. Either way, it does not inspire confidence for the next year of his Presidency. Now here we are. He was wrong then, and he is wrong now. 
held his annual holiday ball on Monday night, I held a teletown hall with my constituents. When asked if they felt more safe or less safe under this administration’s handling of our national security and foreign affairs, 92 percent of my constituents said they felt less safe, and 73 percent said that we should do anything in our power to destroy ISIS. I have got to say, this is a clear message that I think would resonate nationwide. 
Commander in Chief, has proven to be oblivious to the real threat that ISIS poses to our national security. He said that what we are doing is working, when it is clearly not. 
cannot be afraid to call it what it is: This enemy is radical Muslim extremism. 
under this President’s failed policies. The time has come to change course in this new war against ISIS, secure our borders, halt the Syrian refugee program, and start listening to the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded not to engage in personalities toward the President. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 
rise today to tell the story of Angie Firmalino of Tannersville, New York, one of the tens of thousands of women harmed by the permanent sterilization device, Essure. 
designed to be inserted into the fallopian tube and cause tissue scarring, leading to blockage of the tube. However, tens of thousands of women have complained of terrible side effects and 
excruciating pain. Women have died. And when the device has failed and women have become pregnant, this device has killed their unborn child. Yet, despite its failings, this device remains on the market with the full support of the Food and Drug Administration and industry. 
Angie and her husband’s last child, she underwent the Essure procedure. While the procedure itself was extremely painful, the pain didn’t stop when she went home, as she began having side effects immediately thereafter. 
from a sharp, stabbing pain in her lower left side, back pain, heavy and constant bleeding, joint pains, fevers, fatigue, and depression. Her doctor reassured her that it was just her body recovering from the pregnancy, Csection, and Essure procedure, and that she would eventually get back to her old self. That did not happen. 
and complications, Angie’s doctor ordered an ultrasound to try to determine a cause. What was discovered was shocking. An Essure coil had dislodged itself from her right fallopian tube and had become embedded in the wall of her uterus. Meanwhile, the left coil was almost completely expelled, but twisted and coiled. These were the causes of her pain. 
to comprehend the situation. She was never told that the coils could expel, migrate, or embed in other organs. She wondered how this could happen. Searching online for answers, she found little information and little comfort. 
the problem to find a doctor she felt comfortable with for the removal surgery. With no information available about Essure removal, Angie located a doctor who seemed to know what they were doing and seemed to have a plan for the device’s removal. Unfortunately, during the procedure, the Essure coils broke as they were removed, sending metal fragments, like shrapnel, further into her body. 
In the years since, Angie has undergone four surgeries directly resulting from Essure, and eventually lost her fallopian tubes, uterus, cervix, and one ovary. And as her joints mysteriously began deteriorating, she has undergone an additional three surgeries on her joints. 
Today, after a hysterectomy and surgery after surgery, Angie still lives with daily, chronic pain, joint issues, and debilitating headaches. And while some of her pain may be gone, the emotional scars have stayed with her. 
At the age of 43, the mother of four, 
Angie says she is still not, nor will she ever be, her old self. But as a result of all this pain and suffering, she was able to do something pretty incredible: Angie started a Facebook group called the Essure Problems Group—something to fill the void that she found. It was a 
place to tell her story and to see if others had been impacted the same way that she had. 
online community has surged to more than 24,000 members. Sadly, Angie now knows that she was not alone. Every day, this group connects women living through their own Essure nightmares; and every day, Angie is brought to tears at seeing the stories, many so similar to her own, of thousands of women around the country. Together with her Essure sisters, they now work 
toward one common goal: to remove this dangerous device from the market so that no more women are harmed. 
I am proud to rise today as a voice 
for these women, to tell the Chamber that their stories are real, their pain is real, their fight is real. If the manufacturer or the regulatory industry tasked with oversight won’t act, then we, as representatives of the thousands of harmed women, must act. 
That is why I rise in support of the E 
Free Act, a onepage bill to remove Essure from the market by forcing the Food and Drug Administration to revoke the premarket approval that let this product into the public back in 2002. 
this tragedy. I urge my colleagues to join this fight because stories like Angie’s are too important to ignore. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ) for 5 
today to recognize two fine institutions in my home community that I grew up in: Gaston County, North Carolina. I grew up in that community and spent most of my life living in Gaston County, and there is an incredible story. 
named Maria Morrow was brought to the Sisters of Mercy’s motherhouse in Belmont, North Carolina. 
disabilities, and her mother was overwhelmed and unable to care for her. The Sisters of Mercy nuns took Maria in, and, thus, Holy Angels was born. 
As word about Maria spread throughout the community, State—and country, in fact—more children with special needs began arriving at Holy Angels. As each new child arrived, the Sisters of Mercy worked to meet their needs. Funds were raised, and the necessary facilities were built. Over time, more professional nursing and medical staff were hired. Today, Holy Angels provides fulltime resident care as well as physical therapy, day programs, and vocational programs through their Cherubs Cafe and Life Choices locations. 
and her dedicated team of professionals continue to fulfill the promise that the 
Sisters of Mercy made when they took Maria in 60 years ago. That promise is now enshrined in Holy Angels’ motto: Loving, living, and learning for the differently able. 
in need for 60 years, and their timeless spirit will be around forever in the families they have touched, in the lives they have touched, and in how they have helped shape our community in Gaston County. I honor Holy Angels, and I thank them for their service, not just for those people in their midst for whom they are providing care, but for what they mean to our community. 
hear stories of small businesses being around for 10 or 20 or 30 years, and it is amazing, in and of itself, that a small business can survive that long. In my hometown of Gastonia, North Carolina, Tony’s Ice Cream has been a landmark for over 100 years. In fact, this year marks its 100th anniversary. 
Carmine Coletta began Tony’s as a horsedrawn wagon that served ice cream to those in Gastonia’s Loray Mill Village. Eventually, the first store was opened and took the name ‘‘Tony’s’’ in honor of Carmine’s brotherinlaw, who managed the store. The current location was built in the 1930s and now is run by Carmine Coletta’s grandson and his children. Generations of Gaston County kids—me included— have grown up knowing there is no better milkshake than one from Tony’s. In fact, my favorite is chocolate. 
for their service to our community. Really, building an enduring institution for a century is such a significant achievement, especially given the challenges that we face as a country and with the economy. They have meant a lot to their employees. They have also meant so much to generations of children, like me and so many others, in what they have provided. 
honor them on their 100th anniversary. I also thank Holy Angels, on their 60th anniversary, for their significant contribution. 
in which to grow up, Gaston County. It has such great values and also wonderful institutions there that I learned so much from as a child, growing up there with my two brothers and two sisters and my parents, from whom I learned so much. So I take this moment to recognize these fine institutions in Gaston County. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BOST) at noon. 
Recent events and current international tensions have many living in fear. Continue to be ‘‘God With Us’’ through these days of contentious debate around the issue of our security. 
the Members of this assembly find the fortitude to make judgments to benefit all Americans at this time, and protect those who are vulnerable from those who would do them harm. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P INGREE ) come forward and lead the House 
Ms. PINGREE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
day in kitchens across the country, someone pulls a can of soup right out of their cupboard or a box of pasta off the shelf. They look at the ‘‘best by’’ date on the package, and then they try to decide whether to throw it out or not. Is the food no good because it is past the date, or does it still have weeks or even years of shelf life left? 
thrown out, contributing to the 40 percent of all food that is wasted every year in this country. Much of it ends up in a landfill, where it produces methane, a potent greenhouse gas. 
standard for date labeling, which is one reason I have introduced the Food Recovery Act this week. My bill has nearly two dozen proposals to reduce food waste, including a provision that would require manufacturers who do put a date on their food to include the words ‘‘manufacturer’s suggestion only.’’ It doesn’t mean that the food is bad just because the date has gone by. 
just 15 percent and direct the food that would be wasted to those in need, we can reduce the number of Americans 
struggling with hunger by onehalf. I urge my colleagues to join me to help reduce food waste in the United States. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to honor two giants of our Adirondack community. George Canon and Fred Monroe have led distinguished careers fighting to protect their constituents over the past quarter century. I had the honor of celebrating their public service at a meeting of the Adirondack Association of Towns and Villages just this past weekend, a critical organization to our region that they helped create. 
of the town of Chester since 1992, overseeing a cultural, commercial, and environmental revitalization of the town and being one of our foremost leaders on the issue of combating invasive species. 
town of Newcomb as supervisor for 13 terms, working to preserve the town’s history and architectural treasures, including the Santanoni Great Camp. 
godfathers of the Adirondacks, and it is my pleasure to honor them and celebrate their distinguished careers today. 
now, representatives from 195 nations are gathered in Paris to talk about the future of this planet. I am hopeful that these climate talks produce a strong commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and tackle climate change, because the impacts of climate change have moved from theory to fact. 
who still want to debate this. For those who want the Paris talks to fail, I have a simple request: Come. Come visit my region. Come to the Pacific Northwest. 
I would ask them to visit a tribal village a stone’s throw away from the Pacific Ocean where water continues to rise toward homes, cultural centers, and sacred sites. I would ask them to come and visit with shellfish growers whose futures and the jobs that are tied to them are at risk because of changing ocean chemistry. I would ask them to talk to folks who are threatened every single year by wildfires. And I would ask them to talk to military leaders who view climate change as what they call a threat multiplier. 
For a brighter future for my daughters and for all of our children, it is a good thing that the United States and the rest of the world are taking steps to confront this challenge. JEWISH NATIONAL FUND 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize the Jewish National Fund, an organization that works tirelessly to advocate for the safety and security of the people of the State of Israel. 
work that the JNF is doing is a pilot initiative to ensure the safety of the Israeli children in the town of Sderot. Residents of the town of Sderot have endured constant rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip. 
Children have grown up with the psychological trauma that comes from living under the constant threat of attack. Because they must always be within about 15 to 30 seconds of a rocket shelter, even an afternoon in the park is dangerous. 
built a 21,000squarefoot secure indoor playground at a community center in Sderot. The recreation center has provided young people with a safe place to simply be kids again, and also it provides parents with the peace of mind that their children are safe from terror. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to continuing to work with the JNF and thank them for all that they do. 
Modern Diner in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, was recognized last week for its legendary custard French toast, which the Food Network named the best diner dish in America. 
diner, with the first horsedrawn canteen established in Providence by Walter Scott in the year 1872. 
Diner has been a landmark for the city of Pawtucket. Situated in a vintage Sterling Streamliner, the Modern Diner is known for its breakfast specials and great meals. 
diner to be placed on the National Register of Historic Places. Last week’s award told the world what Rhode Island already knows—that the Modern Diner and its offerings are second to none. 
this noteworthy establishment, I want to applaud Modern Diner owner Nick Demou on this significant recognition. I look forward to celebrating with him and his staff on my next visit to the Modern Diner. 
today to honor Virginia Tech’s Coach Frank Beamer, who, after 29 years, will retire at the end of this season as a football coach, mentor, friend, and role model on and off the field. 
cornerback for the Hokies, and after taking over as the Hokies’ head coach in 1987, he built the football program at his alma mater into a national power. Coach Beamer stands as the winningest active Division I football coach and the sixth alltime, with 279 career wins. 
Virginia Tech, he has 237 victories and has guided the Hokies to four ACC titles, 3 Big East championships, 6 appearances in BCS bowl games, and has posted 13 seasons with 10 or more wins. At the end of this month, Virginia Tech will play in a bowl game for the 23rd consecutive year under Beamer’s lead, the longest current streak in college football recognized by the NCAA. 
Hokie football team and the Virginia Tech community as a whole for many years, and he will certainly be missed. 
that you have contributed to Virginia Tech, to Blacksburg, and to the game of college football. 
PATRICK CURLEY AND HIS 50 YEARS OF SERVICE TO WESTERN NEW YORK 
recognize the career of D. Patrick Curley and his 50 years of service to western New York. 
Buffalo. After a stop at Boston College to earn a mathematics degree, he returned home and became an instructor at D’Youville and Canisius Colleges. 
In 1977, Pat started a consulting company where, for decades, he helped western New York businesses stay competitive in the global marketplace. 
York Power Authority and was elected to three terms on the Orchard Park Town Board. He has served in leadership positions for more than two dozen charitable organizations; and for the past 46 years, he has been a member of the Orchard Park Volunteer Fire Company, where he has responded to more than 5,000 emergency calls. 
common thread in his life and his work has been his love for his family and western New York. 
So, Pat, on behalf of a grateful community, please enjoy your wellearned retirement. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to congratulate the Osseo High School football team for winning the Minnesota State title with a tight victory over East Ridge in the championship game. 
victories in both the semifinals and in the title game. With only 24 seconds left on the clock, Osseo scored the gametying touchdown, and the successful extra point gave them the victory and State championship. 
buzzing as they sent off the team with a parade before the championship game. 
only possible with years of dedication and hard work. At the same time, these student athletes must focus off the field as well, at the same time, in order to succeed in the classroom and make a positive impact in the school community. 
players at Osseo High School should all be very proud of their fantastic season. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Wednesday, December 2, the Nation was devastated by another mass shooting in San Bernardino, California. On December 2, there were three mass shootings in the United States. The fact that this violence is routine and ordinary is incomprehensible. 
Mr. Speaker, it is particularly incomprehensible that people who are on the nofly list are able to legally purchase assault weapons. How is it that someone considered too dangerous to fly is able to purchase an assault weapon? There is a solution, though, Mr. Speaker. A bill proposed by PETER  
on the nofly list to purchase weapons without a sufficient background check. 
Mr. Speaker, gun violence in our Nation kills nearly 90 people every day, roughly 32,000 people a year. I am a gun owner, but there are reasonable approaches to keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals while still protecting our Second Amendment rights. 
support legislation that will end daily shootings and protect our citizens. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, responsibly funding the government on time is one of the most basic and fundamental tasks of Members of Congress. 
been at the table pushing the work through the committee process to determine how best to allocate this funding. And coming into this week, there was healthy debate and negotiations on moving forward with these plans. 
However, yesterday, the partisan dialogue we witnessed from a number of my colleagues across the aisle was nothing more than a ruse. Five separate motions to adjourn in order to stall a bipartisan bill to tighten our visa system and protect our Nation’s security, with purely political procedural votes to push their own gun control agendas is simply ridiculous. It wasted at least 3 hours of legislative time. 
Americans need their Representatives to come to the table and stop letting politics get in the way of actually getting the people’s work done around this place. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to echo the demands of my colleagues, on both sides of the aisle, for a vote on the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act of 2015. 
It is about ensuring the safety and security of families, communities, and the country we represent. 
In the past 2 years, 94 percent of individuals we suspect of planning terror attacks have been able to successfully pass background checks and purchase deadly weapons. We are sitting idly by as those planning to do harm to our citizens obtain the tools to do just that. That we would choose to do nothing to stop it is simply unfathomable to me. 
loophole in our laws before it is exploited, before we find ourselves standing on this floor once again for another moment of silence. The families who have lost loved ones to gun violence and the victims themselves deserve more than a deafening silence emanating from this Chamber. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
found that nearly twothirds, or 65 percent, of Americans believe the national news media has a negative effect on our country. This is because the media slants stories with their opinions instead of reporting the facts. 
President Obama’s regulations involving climate change, but their reports fail to cite the costs of extreme environmental regulations and the loss of jobs. National news stories also fail to mention that these regulations would have little impact on global warming. 
the media has a negative impact on the country until the media provides the American people with the facts, rather than tells them what to think. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, my constituents in San Bernardino County are still reeling from the horror of last week’s attack in the city of San Bernardino, as is everybody throughout the Nation. Fourteen people died, at least 21 were injured, and thousands are asking: What now? 
their office, shopping plaza, or community could be next, which is why already country officials in my area and elsewhere are seeking ways to tighten and improve security so that an attack 
like this does not happen again. They cannot be alone in this endeavor. It is time for Congress to act. 
U.S. terrorist watch list buy guns. If you are considered too dangerous to board a plane, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. That is why closing this loophole is just common sense. Yet, over the past 11 years, 2,000 suspected terrorists have walked out of stores with a lethal firearm. Ninety percent of them have been able to buy guns, no questions asked. We have left a huge hole in our counterterrorism efforts, and it is time we close it. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to honor Dr. Armando Ferrer, retiring from his post as President of the Medical Campus of Miami Dade College, a stateoftheart complex in the heart of Miami’s health district. Dr. Ferrer has worked at Miami Dade College for over 30 years, including as Dean of both the North and Kendall Campuses. According to the U.S. Department of 
Education, Miami Dade College, my alma mater, ranks first in the Nation in awarding health profession and nursing degrees, and Dr. Ferrer’s tenure as President of the Medical Campus is a key feature of that success. I thank Armando for his many years of dedicated teaching and professional development efforts in service to the students of Miami Dade College. It is through these students that he leaves a positive and lasting legacy throughout our community. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today in support of our Nation’s efforts in Paris to work together with world leaders to combat and address climate change. 
real. And as the consequences are being felt here at home and around the world, now is the time to make history. 
the United States has an opportunity to lead by example, while protecting the health of our communities and our environment. This involves supporting efforts like the Clean Power Plan, which will reduce carbon emissions by more than 30 percent by 2030; by promoting critical investments in renewable energy, while eliminating our dependence on fossil fuels; and supporting innovative new technologies to keep up in a global economy. These are steps we must take or risk being left behind by the rest of the world. 
United States has the opportunity to work together with the world’s largest emitters, including China, India, and Brazil, to build the foundation upon which we can take real action to address climate change. We must capitalize on this historic step and be a leader in this fight. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, terrorists have used Twitter to convert thousands of young American minds and recruit new jihadists for ISIS. 
helping a designated foreign terrorist organization. These FTOs use Twitter, an American company, as a tool, and no one is adequately stopping them. 
U.S. Government allowing social media platforms to be hijacked by terrorists? Some say shutting down terrorists’ social media accounts would be violating free speech. That is nonsense. They are wrong. The United States Supreme Court has already ruled there are no constitutional protections for foreign terrorist organizations to incite violence. Allowing terrorists to wage their cyber war with America has helped radicalize thousands of foreign fighters and raise millions of dollars online. 
Committee passed my bill, coauthored by my friend, Mr. CONNOLLY from Virginia, the Combat Terrorist Use of Social Media Act. This bill requires the administration to come up with a comprehensive strategy to counter terrorists’ cyber war and use of social media. 
not be operating as the war propaganda mouthpiece of designated foreign terrorist organizations like ISIS. 
GUNS AND EXPLOSIVES OUT OF THE HANDS OF TERRORISTS 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
I strongly urge the House Republicans to allow a debate and a vote on an important bill that would address a terrorist threat in America and help keep our families safe. 
law that allows someone who has been identified as a terrorist to obtain a firearm or explosive license. Many of these folks are not allowed to board airplanes, yet they can walk into a gun store and buy a firearm. And after the Paris and San Bernardino attacks, no loophole is more glaring than the one that has allowed 2,000 terrorists to buy deadly weapons in the U.S. over the past 11 years. 
blocking this bill. We must act to keep guns and explosives out of the hands of 
terrorists, and we must do so as urgently and quickly as possible. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Patrick Prokop. 
of which were spent in Savannah, Georgia, Pat Prokop is retiring. 
1977 and, through the years, worked in Kansas, Missouri, and Georgia. He was an advocate for letting science do the talking and never missed an opportunity to educate people about the weather. 
Pat announced his retirement on November 25 and said he is looking forward to spending more time volunteering, marathon training, and traveling. He also said he plans to enjoy 
I commend Pat for his years of service to the southeast Georgia community and wish him all the best. You deserve it, Pat. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, from California to Colorado, the devastating realities of gun violence are hitting home. In the face of more senseless attacks on innocent victims, it is past time that we treat gun violence in America as a national crisis. 
Preventable gun violence is inexcusable. We need to enact commonsense gun law reforms, like ensuring that no terrorist suspect is able to walk into a gun shop and buy a deadly weapon. 
since 2004, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terror watch list have successfully purchased weapons in the United States. In fact, more than 90 percent of all the suspected terrorists who attempted to purchase guns in the last 11 years walked away with the deadly weapon they wanted. 
Let’s put our political excuses aside and close the terrorist gun loophole because lives are on the line. 
(Mr. BARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
famous for horses, bourbon, college basketball, and hospitality. And now we can add to that list the fact that the Commonwealth is home to Toyota’s largest manufacturing plant in the world. 
fully up and running, the Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky plant now ranks as the company’s largest by production volume. That is right; Toyota now has its largest manufacturing plant in Georgetown, Kentucky. 
line brought with it 750 new jobs to my district. This continued investment in Kentucky is a testament to the skill, perseverance, and dedication of the American workforce. 
foster the manufacturing renaissance in America by enacting comprehensive tax reform; reining in burdensome regulations; fixing DoddFrank and other financial rules that impede access to capital; ending the EPA’s destructive war on abundant, affordable energy; and promoting free trade so that American exporters are competitive around the world. When we are able to manufacture in America, companies like Toyota can fulfill the promise of good paying jobs and secure the American Dream. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to talk about the epidemic of gun violence in our country. 
Huberty, heavily armed, walked into a McDonald’s in my district and killed 21 people. 
A few years later, shortly after delivering his valedictorian speech at Lincoln High School in my district, Willie James Jones, III, was tragically shot and killed in a driveby shooting. 
high school from which I graduated were victims of a shooting that left two people dead and 13 injured. 
and to save American lives. I am calling on my colleagues to work together to find comprehensive solutions to this dire problem. 
legislation, which prevents people from flying who are deemed too dangerous, would also prevent them from purchasing assault weapons. I believe it is a step in the right direction; so let’s work together and get it done. 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this Congress and the White House agree, by December 15, the Federal Government will shut down. 
No one on Capitol Hill wants a shutdown. I don’t. No House Republican does. No House Democrat does. All we want are honest negotiations. 
‘‘The President is not going to sign a CR that will give Members of Congress additional time to negotiate.’’ 
shutdown. Why? He thinks a shutdown is good electionyear politics. Pain is never good politics. I ask the President to change course. Negotiate. Don’t shut down our government. 
like to congratulate Tallahassee’s Bethel AME Church on their 150th anniversary. Bethel was founded in 1865 when a 
group of courageous Christians walked out of their segregated church. They were led by the Reverend Robert Meacham, a former slave preacher. Since that day, church membership has grown from 116 people in 1865 to more than 1,700 worshippers today; and under the leadership of my friend and neighbor, Reverend Dr. Julius H. McAllister, Jr., the church continues to benefit our community and serve as an inspiration to everyone in north Florida. 
blessed 150 years, and I look forward to personally attending many more services as they continue to grow and thrive. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. 1719. With best wishes, I am 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OF H.R. 2130, RED RIVER PRIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 556 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2130) to provide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
through the calendar day of December 13, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
threshold burden under the rule, and the gentlewoman from Connecticut and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes of debate on the question of 
consideration. Following debate, the Chair will put the question of consideration as the statutory means of disposing of the point of order. 
understandably, feel a sense of fear and chaos caused by the news of the senseless attacks that have been carried out against civilians in this country and around the world in the past few weeks. 
the American people that their Representatives in Congress—that we here in this Chamber—are doing everything in our power to prevent such a brutal attack from happening in any one of our communities. 
If we do not act this week, how can 
we go home? How can we go home and look our constituents in the eyes and tell them that we are doing everything we can? that we are upholding our sworn duty to protect the American people? 
But we can act. We can act, and we 
We need to close the loophole that allows dangerous people from buying guns. There is no loophole more egregious, more glaring, or more shocking than the one that allows suspected terrorists in this country to walk legally into a gun shop, to go online or to go to a gun show, and purchase a weapon in order to kill American citizens. 
more than 2,000 individuals on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to buy weapons legally in this country in the last 11 years. In that time, more than 90 percent of the individuals on the watch list who have tried to buy guns have been given a green light. They have been handed a gun. Those numbers are shocking, and they are disturbing. 
As Members of Congress, it is our responsibility to protect all Americans wherever they live, and one of those areas of protection is from terror in their communities. It is to keep our citizens safe. 
of discussion about what terror is. In its most simple sense, terror is spreading fear and chaos, and that is exactly what the American people are feeling right now—fear and chaos here and around the world. 
shootings, and there are no easy answers for combating terrorism; but the fact that the answers are not easy does not absolve us of our responsibility to step up and do what is hard. We are not elected to do what is easy. We are not elected to do what is possible. We are elected and we are sworn to do what is hard and what is necessary to protect and advance the interests of the American people. 
Now is the time to act. Yesterday, the House voted to 
strengthen the security screening process for those who travel to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program, 
and I was proud to cosponsor that bill. We acted together in this body to protect the American people. 
While reforming the Visa Waiver Program is a good thing, it is not enough. It is insufficient to the task. Keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists in this country, on American soil, is a necessary and an important step for us to take; but until we have the opportunity to vote to close this loophole, suspected terrorists in this country will continue to have and to use the opportunity to buy weapons in our country. 
people to know is that we have been denied even the opportunity to vote to close this loophole, and we have a bipartisan bill right now that we could act on. It is time for us in this House to stand up for the safety of the American people and to stand up to the NRA and others who are sowing fear and misinformation about what is possible to do to protect people. 
I am a proud cosponsor of the bipartisan bill that would protect the American people. The Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act would close this loophole by banning the sale or the distribution of firearms to anyone the Attorney General deems to be engaged in terrorist activities. 
The U.S. Government already maintains a list of known and suspected terrorists. If there are problems with that list—and I have heard my colleagues raise that question—then let’s fix the list. If there are problems with the law, let’s fix the bill. We can’t afford to remain silent. We can’t afford to remain passive. We can’t afford to be denied the opportunity to exercise our duty to vote as Members of Congress. That is what we do; and, right now, we are being denied that simple and straightforward right. 
It is time. It is past time for this 
Congress to act. Let’s keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. Let’s bring up the bill. If you can’t fly, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. 
colleagues at the third national vigil to end gun violence. Here on Capitol Hill in a church a few blocks away, we will be meeting with families and survivors of gun violence from across the country, from Newtown, Connecticut, in my district; from Aurora, Colorado; from Chicago; from Harlem; from across this great country. Thousands of Americans are affected every month by our inaction. 
I am going to have a very hard time 
looking these folks in the eye today. I ask you to join me, come with me, and look them in the eye and tell them why you are unwilling to take one single vote, one single step to try to protect people in America. We have an opportunity to change that today. We have an opportunity to act together. We have an opportunity to fulfill our duty 
people from the scourge of gun violence. A simple, straightforward, and important way to start is to allow us to vote on this bipartisan bill that will close an absurd loophole in the law that allows terrorists to buy guns to kill Americans. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the point of order and in favor of consideration of the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 10 minutes. 
question before the House is should the House now consider House Resolution 556. While the resolution waives all points of order against consideration of today’s measures, the Committee on Rules is not aware of any violation of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. In fact, as the gentlewoman from Connecticut clearly agrees, she did not even mention the word ‘‘unfunded’’ once in her comments. The waiver is only necessary to ensure that the House can continue with its scheduled business. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office has stated in its analysis of this measure that there are no violations of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. 
This straightforward bill will provide certainty to the landowners on the Red River who are unsure if the land to which they hold title and have paid taxes on will remain in their families. 
In order to allow the House to continue its scheduled business for the day, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the question of consideration of the resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, how much 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Connecticut has 3 minutes remaining. 
my colleague just did, my friend across the aisle, that we shouldn’t bring up this issue this week; that this is political and, therefore, inappropriate. Well, I have to disagree and disagree strongly. 
Politics is about people coming together to solve problems. If we can’t come together to help address the crying need of the American citizens to be protected a little bit more from the fear and chaos of terrorists on our soil, armed with guns legally purchased in this country because we have refused to act, I proudly say it is political and that is exactly what we should be doing. We should be coming together as the body politic of the American people. 
It is precisely the time to take action, and I support the underlying legislation. I support even more us taking steps now in the wake of mass shootings, now in the wake of terrorism, now at the time when many of the world’s religions are praying for peace, 
hope, and light in the dark time of the year. 
It is a dark time in the soul of the 
American people and in this country, and we have the opportunity to take action. We have the opportunity to be a beacon of light and hope and responsiveness to the needs of the people. That is our job. 
I call on my colleagues to join me at 
the vigil and to join me in allowing us the opportunity to vote, to act, to protect and defend this country. 
thank the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) for raising an important issue, for forcing us to talk about something that the Republican leadership is working overtime to prevent us from having a vote on. 
House of Representatives would the idea of prohibiting terror suspects from getting weapons be considered controversial. It is stunning. 
Let me say to the Republican leadership, who are, again, preventing us from being able to deliberate on this issue, you take my breath away. I cannot believe that you will not allow us to have a vote on the floor on this important issue. You are on the wrong side of history. You are certainly on the wrong side of public opinion. 
Democrats, Republicans, Independents—all think we ought to close this loophole, everybody but the leadership of this House, which is beholden to one special interest. 
Terror suspects can’t fly on airplanes. I fly back and forth from Boston to Washington every week. I am glad that terror suspects can’t fly on airplanes. I feel more safe. The people I fly with feel more safe. 
then, to allow those same people who cannot fly to be able to go out and buy weapons, highly sophisticated weapons, weapons that are used by terrorists to kill civilians? Why would that be acceptable? 
We ought to have a vote on this. Let 
us vote. Let us deliberate on this important issue. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments from my colleagues from Connecticut and Massachusetts. I can’t think of one person out of 535 Members of Congress that wants terrorists to have a firearm. Certainly not. That is not something that is even in question. 
I do find it very interesting, especially from my colleague from Massachusetts—and which we sit together on the Rules Committee—to bring up a point of something that, I would say, he advocates for daily on this floor and in this body and, that is, to follow regular order to allow pieces of legislation to go through the committee process, 
to allow every Member of this body to have their input, to have their say, to be able to amend, to be able to argue, to be able to debate, to allow it to go through the process that this body stands for, until today when it is their side of the aisle’s idea that they have to move an issue forward. 
order, let’s bring something that has not gone through the committee process, that has not allowed every Member of this body to weigh in on, to debate, to bring up amendments, to make their feelings known. Let’s only do it when it is not their idea. That is the message I am getting. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I certainly appreciate the enormity of the issue before us. We are working on many bills in this legislative body to deal with the issue of terrorism in front of us as a Nation and as a world. I hope that Members of the other side of the aisle will support those efforts to make this country safer. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 241, nays 174, not voting 18, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
B. HICE of Georgia, CARTER of Georgia, WITTMAN, LATTA, FINCHER, JOLLY, WALBERG, and FITZPATRICK changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
Stated for: Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
681, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 556, providing for consideration of an important piece of legislation, H.R. 2130, the Red River Private Property Protection Act. 
H.R. 2130 under a structured rule, making every amendment submitted to the committee in order, which includes a manager’s amendment and an amendment by Mr. COLEof Oklahoma. 
Private Property Protection Act, is critically important to protecting private property in the great States of Texas and Oklahoma. This bill prevents the Federal Government from seizing thousands of acres of private land that is lawfully owned by American citizens along the 116mile stretch of the Red River between Oklahoma and Texas. 
the BLM, is currently updating its Texas and Oklahoma Resources Management Plan, which covers this stretch of the Red River. BLM initially stated that there are 
an estimated 90,000 acres of land along this stretch of the river that may be considered public domain and managed as Federal land. They have since reduced this estimate to 30,000. 
acres have actually been surveyed. These revisions and drastically different estimates based upon a fraction of acreage surveyed have caused great concern among landowners and local stakeholders. 
of the entire 116mile stretch of the contested area along the Red River using the gradient boundary survey method developed and backed by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1923’s decision, Oklahoma v. Texas, that determined the proper boundaries between private and federally owned land. 
determining the boundaries, including taking into account the doctrine of erosion, accretion, and avulsion of the Red River, which changes rapidly and 
must be conducted within 2 years by licensed State land surveyors and approved by the Texas General Land Office in conjunction with the Commissioners of the Land Office in Oklahoma. 
landowners have the ability to appeal the survey to an administrative law judge. After the boundary between public and private land is settled, the BLM is required to sell the remaining Federal land along the Red River at no less than fair market value. Landowners will rightly be given the rights of first refusal. 
H.R. 2130 also requires that a resource management plan adhere to the requirements in the bill and explicitly states that nothing in the language will affect the Red River Boundary Compact, which established the visible boundaries between the two States and solves jurisdictional and sovereignty disputes. 
ColorofTitle Act will not be affected nor will the sovereignty of federally recognized Indian tribes regarding land that is located to the north of the South Bank boundary line. 
this 116mile stretch has never even been surveyed by the BLM, and the small portions that the agency has surveyed appear to stray widely from the accepted gradient boundary survey method endorsed by the Supreme Court. 
being made with regard to this land. The BLM has never actively managed the small strip of land they actually do own, as they are unsure of exactly what land it is they own. 
Meanwhile, the agency appears incapable of understanding basic natural 
movements of the river. While the approved survey method makes clear that ownership boundaries between private and public land will change with the movements of the river over time, BLM surveys do not. 
A major determinant of land ownership must reflect the location of the existing median line of the river while taking into account past changes in the river’s movement. 
very land they claim to be surveying, landowners along the river are left unsure if the land they have held titles to and have paid taxes on will remain their property or be subject to Federal ownership. 
of privately owned lands. It clouds the title and causes landowners to think twice before making improvements on their land. This insecurity is harming local landowners and local economies, stifling any potential economic development in the area. 
clear up the uncertainty caused by BLM’s decision, after over 90 years, to suddenly decide to claim the rights to this land. In conjunction with the States and affected tribes, this legislation will make clear the true ownership of the property. 
The House Natural Resources Committee, which I sit on, favorably ordered this bill in September. It is important to note that this legislation is an updated version of legislation introduced in the 113th Congress and reflects the input received from landowners, both States in subject, as well as feedback provided by the minority members on the Natural Resources Committee. 
bipartisan nature in which this legislation was drafted and highlights the necessity of solving this problem for the 
only right an obvious wrong in this specific instance regarding the OklahomaTexas border, but is essential to ensuring that local landowners have a judicious, practical process to firmly establish title to their rightfully owned land. 
natural rights. Those include property rights. H.R. 2130 will put in place the proper process to ensure government agencies assist, rather than impede, with the protection of private property. 
for consideration of H.R. 2130, the Red River Private Property Protection Act, will support the protection of private property and prevent the Federal Government from falsely claiming thousands of acres of land lawfully owned by American citizens. 
my colleagues to support both the rule and the underlying bill. 
to thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for yielding me 
Mr. Speaker, what we should be talking about today is keeping the government open before funding runs out. With the horrific terrorist attack in San Bernardino taking place just 1 week ago, we should also be talking about how to keep guns out of the wrong hands. 
House Democrats are united in making these our top priorities so that we can address the pressing issues the American people elected us to tackle. Instead, we are talking about H.R. 2130, the Red River Private Property Protection Act. 
is going nowhere, but they still insist that we take it up. Today I rise in strong opposition to the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Bureau of Land Management’s effort to survey land along the Red River is a Federal land grab. In fact, H.R. 2130 is a land grab by the State of Texas which will harm local Native American tribes and taxpayers nationwide. 
Federal surveys of land along the 116 mile stretch of the Red River in Texas and would require the Secretary to commission and to accept, without Federal participation, surveys of the land approved by the Texas General Land Office. 
certainty to property owners along the Red River, but we should not use the approach of voiding or nullifying Federal surveys. 
process is not a land grab or a government overreach, but simply a Federal agency trying to resolve a very complex situation. If Texas wants to challenge the BLM’s survey methods, they should do it in the normal way, in the courts, not through Congress. 
require the Interior Department to delegate its authority for determining Federal estate to a State agency, would be counter to near 100 years of settled law, and could reduce mineral revenue opportunities for the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache tribes and the State of Oklahoma. 
complicate oil and gas leases that local tribes rely on for income. The Kiowa, Apache, and Comanche tribes receive 62.5 percent of any royalty generated for oil and gas development along this section of the Red River. 
to the Federal Government, then this agreement would disappear and the important source of revenue relied on by these tribes could vanish into thin air. These tribes view this bill as a threat 
to their livelihood and an assault on their property. 
In addition to potentially losing revenues from mineral revenues, tribes have also expressed concern about access to water. Water is scarce in this arid region, and tribes rely on access to the Red River significantly. So H.R. 2130 could threaten that critical access. 
If we want to do what is right by the 
people of Texas, the people of Oklahoma, the affected tribes, and the people of the United States, we have got to reject this bill in its current form. 
and will be just another waste of the House’s precious time. I ask my colleagues: Shouldn’t we be tackling pressing issues, like gun violence or funding for our government? 
Mr. Speaker, Congress only has 1 legislative day left to avert a government shutdown. Let me remind my Republican friends about the last time that they shut down the government: 
120,000 private sector jobs. Veterans’ disability claims were stalled. Head Start centers were forced to close. Small businesses were cut off from SBA loans. $4 billion in tax refunds were delayed. Hundreds of Americans were prevented from enrolling in NIH clinical trials. 
again and damaging our recovering economy, I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle will do the right thing. 
drop their demands for radical policy riders that put an omnibus funding bill in jeopardy. Work with our leadership. Work in a bipartisan way to advance a bill that will keep the government open and avert yet another Republican manufactured crisis. 
There is a lot of work that needs to 
be done, Mr. Speaker, and it needs to be done right now. 
made reference to regular order, saying that those of us who are trying to get a vote on a bill to basically close a loophole that allows terrorist suspects to be able to buy weapons are not adhering to regular order. 
Washington State. Regular order is dead in this House of Representatives. It died a long time ago. My Republican friends killed it a long time ago. There is no regular order in this House. 
Planned Parenthood, the energy package, the Syrian refugee bill, the oil bill, none of that came before us in regular order. We are on this floor day after day, demanding votes on procedural motions precisely because there is no regular order in this House. 
not doing their job, are not even doing hearings or reporting a bill out of committee that would prevent terrorist suspects from getting access to weapons. 
to try to put some pressure on the leadership in this House—if not pressure, maybe to shame the leadership of this House to bring a bill to the floor that the overwhelming majority of the American people want. 
As I said earlier, only in this Republicancontrolled House of Representatives would the idea of prohibiting terrorist suspects from getting weapons be considered controversial. 
about are on the nofly list. They can’t fly on airplanes, and I am glad that they can’t fly with me when I go back and forth from Washington to Boston every week. I think the majority of Americans, Democrats and Republicans, are glad that terrorist suspects are not on their plane flying around the country when they are on these planes. 
good idea to say that these people who cannot fly on our airplanes because we suspect them of links to terrorism can somehow go out and buy a weapon of war that could potentially be used against our citizens? 
There are a lot of things we need to 
do. This is one of them. I get it that there is a particular special interest out there that is putting a lot of pressure on the leadership and on some Members on the other side to not be able to bring this bill to the floor. But I would say that a majority of the members of the National Rifle Association actually agree with us on this issue. 
putting forward here today is not a democratic idea. It is introduced by a Republican Member of Congress, Congressman PETER KINGof New York. It 
is an idea that has been endorsed by a Republican President and its administration, the Bush administration prior to this one. Their Justice Department thought this was a good idea. 
Kean, who is the cochair of the 9/11 Commission, said this is a good idea. I mean, reasonable, rational people think this is good idea. 
Yet, in this House of Representatives, we can’t even get it on the floor for a vote. If you don’t want to vote for it, then have the courage to vote ‘‘no.’’ Allow it to come to the floor. Let your constituents know where you stand on this issue. 
I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), my colleague on the Rules Committee. I appreciate his opening comments and take great interest in some of the things that were pointed out. 
this side of the aisle or on your side is interested in closing down the government and shutting the government. In fact, just yesterday Leader McCarthy stood at this very podium and told everyone to make sure that they kept their travel plans flexible enough to be able to stay here and get their work done. 
both sides of the aisle in order to get work done for the American people. Also, protecting Americans in this very dangerous time that we face in the world today is one of the highest priorities that we have as a Congress and is certainly a constitutional duty that all of us take very seriously. 
committees of jurisdiction working very hard and coming up with workable ideas in order to accomplish just that. In fact, we just passed something this week that had to do with the waiver program for visas that I think will go a long way in keeping this country safe. 
same time. We can deal with the important issues of the American people as well as not only keeping the government open, keeping Americans safe, but also protecting property rights when a Federal agency creates a problem by trying to take private property away from citizens. In this case, it is not in my State, but tomorrow it could be, and it could be in your State tomorrow. So we can do multiple important things that the American people expect us to do on their behalf. 
regular order in my colleague’s opening statements, so here we go again. As I said earlier, we are lectured on a daily basis on the importance of regular order. This bill that we are considering here is a perfect example of regular order. It went through the committee process. We have accepted two amendments in the Rules Committee that were offered to perfect this bill that the Members of this full body will get an opportunity to voice their opinions on and to vote whether they accept them or not. 
heard two conference reports: one on the highways bill and one on education. That is a great example of regular order being reestablished in this House of Representatives. Speaker RYAN is committed to regular order, 
working from the ground up, letting the committees do their jobs, and allowing every Member to have a voice in this process. 
So I am very happy. I am very optimistic about the future of this body and our ability to get work done under Republican leadership. I think we have shown that we can get work done, and we are doing a great job doing it. 
may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ). He would like 
to speak on this issue of the Red River Valley. 
appreciate very much the gentleman from Washington yielding me the time 
and his work on this issue, as well as the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee for bringing it to the floor. 
a great deal of time debating the merits of the bill at this point on the rule. I think it is important, however, that I try to clear up some misunderstandings, apparently, that have been generated. 
Let me just say that one misunderstanding that I have heard referred to on the floor is that the committees in this House are not taking action against terrorism. I can say that the committee I am privileged to chair, the Armed Services Committee, has had a briefing this very morning about how we can be more effective against ISIS and the threat of terrorism. So there is a great deal of work that is going on around this House. It may not be every bill that every Member wants to see debated, but a variety of committees and committees working together are working to take action to try to keep this country safe, and I think that is important for the American people to know. 
Property Protection Act is an important act not only for the landowners on both sides of the river along this 116 mile stretch in Texas and Oklahoma, but it is important for property owners across the country; because, if an agency of the Federal Government can wake up one day and say, ‘‘We own more land than we ever have thought we owned over the last 90 years,’’ it puts in doubt the property rights of landowners everywhere because it is very difficult to fight the Federal Government. 
underlying legislation is a landgrab by Texas. Of course, my opinion, Mr. Speaker, is that reflects a fundamental understanding of the situation and certainly of what this legislation does. 
Let me take just a moment to explain that, when Thomas Jefferson bought the Louisiana Purchase from France in 1803, he bought for the United States all of the land in the riverbed of the Red River down to the south bank of the river. That was affirmed in numerous treaties between the United States and Spain, the United States and Mexico, and the United States and the Republic of Texas. That is the boundary, the south bank. But in 1867, the United States made a treaty with three Indian tribes, and that reservation that was the subject of that treaty just went to the middle of the river. 
any reservation which later became private property in the State of Oklahoma extended only to the middle of the river, while Texas did not go further north than the south bank of the river. That leaves a narrow strip from 
That is the way it has been since, as 
I say, at least 1867, with nobody else making a claim that they owned it— until 2 years ago; and then the Bureau of Land Management said: We think we own a lot more land, not just the south bank, but a lot more land. And that is what has caused this controversy. 
like that? You do a survey. You follow the Supreme Court decision from the 1920s. You get professionals out there who know what they are doing, and you conduct a survey exactly along the line the Supreme Court said we should. And that is what this bill does. It requires a survey along the whole 116 mile stretch, which has never been done. As the gentleman from Washington states, as a matter of fact, they have only surveyed 6,000 acres in a spot sort of fashion. 
once and for all. Survey the whole thing. We know where the line is, and, therefore, people who are private property owners on both sides of the river know where the line is as well. 
no intention of infringing upon any of the rights that the tribes or anybody else has. Let me just quote a few provisions from the underlying legislation: 
Nothing in this act shall be construed to ‘‘alter the valid rights of the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Nations to the mineral interest trust fund created pursuant to the act of June 12, 1926.’’ 
‘‘Nothing in this act shall be construed to modify the interest of Texas or Oklahoma or sovereignty rights of any federally recognized Indian tribe over lands located to the north of the South Bank boundary line as established by the survey.’’ 
‘‘The sale of a parcel under this section shall be subject to . . . valid existing State, tribal, and local rights.’’ 
than even I can count. So the point is not to change anybody’s rights. It is to prevent the Federal Government from confiscating the land that private property owners have deeds to, often for generations, and have paid taxes on for years and years. That is what this is trying to solve. 
all this ought to be worked out in court. Number one, private landowners sometimes don’t have the pockets to work it out—especially a fight with the Federal Government—in court. 
out in court, this cloud hangs over your title. You can’t sell your land. You can’t borrow money on it because nobody knows if that is really Federal land or private land. 
ago, when the Bureau of Land Management said: We are going to take in more land than anybody has ever alleged that the Federal Government owns. The way to fix a BLM overreach is 
for this House to take action and answer the question once and for all. That is what this legislation does. 
the gentleman from Washington and the chairman of the committee for giving us the opportunity to debate it. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
the Statement of Administration Policy on H.R. 2130, which says that if the President were presented with H.R. 2130, his senior advisers would recommend that he veto the bill. 
2130, which would set aside existing Federal surveys, divest the Secretary of the Interior of responsibility as surveyor of record for the United States, and transfer lands out of Federal ownership without ensuring a fair return to the taxpayer. 
surveys of land along the Red River in Texas and would require the Secretary to commission and to accept, without Federal participation, surveys of the land approved by the Texas General Land Office. This legislation would require the Secretary to delegate her authority for determining Federal estate to a state agency, would be counter to nearly 100 years of settled law, and could reduce mineral revenue opportunities for the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Tribes and the State of Oklahoma. 
The Administration shares the goal of providing legal certainty to property owners along the Red River, but strongly opposes the approach of voiding or nullifying Federal surveys. 
2130, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I include that in the R ECORD , first of all, to 
make it clear to my colleagues that what we are doing here is a waste of time. This bill isn’t going anywhere. 
Washington that, if his idea of regular order is bringing bills to the floor that are going nowhere, we have a different definition of what regular order is all about. I have listed for you a series of major bills that did not go through regular order. Most of them never went through committee. This whole process, since we are 1 day away from a government shutdown, of putting an omnibus together is not regular order. 
House, they control the Senate, and yet we are going to get this big bill no matter whether it passes or not. We are not going to know what is in this bill for weeks and months afterwards, all these riders and all these different deals on the omnibus bill and the tax extender bill. So, please, regular order is dead. 
We are again pursuing these procedural motions to try to force you, to try to shame my friends on the other side of the aisle, to bring a bill to the 
floor that the overwhelming majority of the American people want us to vote on. 
colleagues to defeat the previous question. If the previous question is defeated, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would close a glaring loophole in our gun laws allowing suspected terrorists to legally buy firearms. Mr. Speaker, this bill would bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. Why that is so controversial for the Republican leadership is beyond me. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. To discuss our proposal, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). 
the government runs out of funding, House Republicans have chosen to bring a bill to the floor to solve a dispute between two States: Texas and Oklahoma. 
gun violence in this country, and Congress is doing nothing to end the killing. Right now, a person on the FBI’s terrorist watch list can go to a gun store or a gun show and purchase a firearm legally. 
is too dangerous to buy a plane ticket, why are they allowed to purchase unlimited quantities of weapons and ammunition? 
now to protect the American people. The Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act is a bipartisan bill which prohibits the sale of firearms to people on the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s terrorist watch list. Congress needs to take the most basic step we can by passing this bill to keep Americans safe from those who wish to do us harm. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
epidemic in this country. There have been nearly 50,000 incidents of gun violence in our country this year. More than 12,400 people have lost their lives. There have been more than 350 mass shootings in the United States this year, more than there have been days 
mass shootings, assault weapons are the weapons of choice. 
who is on the terrorist watch list, someone law enforcement has deemed too dangerous to board an airplane, can walk into a gun store and buy an assault rifle. This is insane. H.R. 1076 will fix this. 
commonsense bill, and I applaud him for actually working with the Democrats. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the bill. We need more people on his side of the aisle to stop kneeling at the altar of the NRA and actually do something about this urgent threat to public safety. 
into law, then shame on us for doing nothing while thousands of Americans are dying each year from gun violence. Instead of spending time on this Texas landgrab, as Mr. MCGOVERN says, we 
should be focused on the urgent issues facing our country. 
defeat the previous question so we can take up H.R. 1076 and do something to protect our constituents from gun violence in this country. 
just one comment to make in response to the gentleman from Massachusetts. 
only considering those issues that the administration approves of, then what really is our function here as a Congress? Should we just put a sign out that says that we are closed until a new administration comes along? It seems to me that we have a duty to the American people to consider issues that are important from the majority’s perspective. 
just respond to the gentleman by saying that my objection is that we have become a place where trivial issues get debated passionately and important ones not at all. The difference between debating a Texas landgrab bill that is going nowhere versus a bill that could protect the American people from terror suspects who now have access to buy guns, I don’t think there is any comparison here. The difference between doing this Texas landgrab bill and actually passing a bill to keep the government running, I think passing a bill to keep the government running is more important. 
colleague from Massachusetts for the few moments to talk about something really important. 
take action on behalf of the American people that we represent, and right now they are begging us to take action 
to keep them safe. We should not be wasting our time debating this legislation on the floor today when so many lives are at stake. 
many are afraid, and they have reason to be. Guns kill 36 people every day in our country. No other developed country comes close to that level. 
Some would say it is we, in this body, 
who are to blame because we have failed to enact even the most reasonable policies to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous criminals. 
on the terrorist watch list can walk into a gun shop and buy the firearm of their choice in this country. Among all the gaps in our gun laws, this loophole is the most glaring. In fact, in the past 11 years, 2,000 suspects on our FBI’s terrorist watch list have walked into a gun store and bought the weapon of their choice. 
All we are asking for is the commonsense legislation that PETER KINGhas 
introduced that would close this loophole be brought to this floor for a vote. This bill, introduced by PETER KING, 
has bipartisan support. Of course, this bill is not a cureall for all gun violence in this Nation, but it is a step in the right direction. 
I join my colleagues in asking Speaker RYANto bring this legislation to the 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
come to the floor to urge my GOP colleagues to allow a vote on closing the loophole that allows terrorists and terrorist suspects to go and purchase firearms and get a license for explosives. It is unbelievable that this loophole still exists. This is something that we can work together on to help keep our families safe all across America. 
And here is the state of the law. Currently, if you are a felon, you cannot purchase a firearm. If you are a fugitive, you cannot purchase a firearm. If you are a drug addict, you cannot purchase a firearm. If you have been convicted of domestic violence, you cannot purchase a firearm. 
the terrorist watch list and you cannot fly, you can still go into the gun store and purchase a firearm. This really is truly unbelievable. 
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) to tell us again 
the statistic, based upon the GAO report, of how many people, terrorists, suspected terrorists, have been able to purchase firearms. 
Do you know? Mr. MCGOVERN. Will the gentlewoman yield? 
the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. M CGOVERN. This astounding 
loophole has allowed more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to buy guns in the United States over the last 11 years. 
page that summarizes the GAO report from a few years ago, because I know folks think this is a partisan fight. And don’t take it from us. Take it from the independent GAO. It states: 
‘‘Membership in a terrorist organization does not prohibit a person from possessing firearms or explosives under current Federal law.’’ 
but has made prior recommendations to the Attorney General to help ensure that background checks involving individuals on the terrorist watchlist are properly handled and that allowable information from these checks is shared with counterterrorism officials, which the FBI has implemented. GAO also suggested that Congress consider adding a provision to any future legislation that would require the Attorney General to define when firearms or explosives could be denied, which has been included in a subsequent bill. 
FBI data show that individuals on the terrorist watchlist were involved in firearm or explosives background checks 1,228 times; 1,119 (about 91 percent) of these transactions were allowed to proceed because no prohibiting information was found—such as felony convictions, illegal immigrant status, or other disqualifying factors—and 109 of the transactions were denied. In response to a recommendation in GAO’s January 2005 report, the FBI began processing all background checks involving the terrorist watchlist in July 2005—including those generated via state operations—to ensure consistency in handling and ensure that relevant FBI components and field agents are contacted during the resolution of the checks so they can search for prohibiting information. 
GAO’s 2005 report, the FBI has taken actions to collect and analyze information from these background checks for counterterrorism purposes. For example, in April 2005, 
the FBI issued guidance to its field offices on 
the availability and use of information collected as a result of firearm and explosives background checks involving the terrorist watchlist. The guidance discusses the process for FBI field offices to work with FBI personnel who conduct the checks and the 
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to obtain information about the checks, such as the purchaser’s residence address and the make, model, and serial number of any firearm purchased. The guidance states that any information that FBI field offices obtain related to these background checks can be shared with other counterterrorism and law enforcement agencies. The FBI is also preparing monthly reports on these checks that are disseminated throughout the FBI to support counterterrorism efforts. 
proposed legislative language to Congress that would provide the Attorney General with discretionary authority to deny the transfer of firearms or explosives to known or suspected ‘‘dangerous terrorists.’’ At the time of GAO’s May 2009 report, neither the department’s proposed legislative language nor related proposed legislation included provisions for the development of guidelines further delineating the circumstances under which the Attorney General could exercise this authority. GAO suggested that Congress consider including a provision in any relevant legislation that would require the Attorney General to establish such guidelines; and this provision was included in a subsequent legislative proposal. If Congress gives the Attorney General authority to deny firearms or explosives based on terrorist watchlist concerns, guidelines for making such denials would help to provide accountability for ensuring that the expected results of the background checks are being achieved. Guidelines would also help ensure that the watchlist is used in a manner that safeguards legal rights, including freedoms, civil liberties, and information privacy guaranteed by federal law and that its use is consistent with other screening processes. For example, criteria have been developed for determining when an individual should be denied the boarding of an aircraft. 
we have got to act in a bipartisan fashion to close this loophole. 
blocking the bill from consideration. Bring it up for debate, and let’s have a vote. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). 
addressing gun violence? People who aren’t allowed to fly because they are suspected of terrorism should not be allowed to purchase firearms. 
I can’t believe that in 2015 this is a 
problem that needs fixing. Democrats have tried three times over to open debate on a bill—a bill, by the way, authored by a Republican that would block people on the nofly list from walking out of a gun shop with their firearm of choice—and three times, the Republican House majority has blocked that opportunity. Ninetyone percent of the time, suspected terrorists pass a background check because the system 
we have in place does not check to see if a potential buyer is on the nofly list. This is absolutely unacceptable. 
immediately bring to the floor Republican Congressman PETER KING’s bill to 
close the loophole that allows suspected terrorists to buy guns. And if they won’t, I call upon my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to sign the discharge petition, a petition currently before the House to force a vote on this bill. 
will of the people instead of those in Congress who are more concerned with losing their ‘‘A’’ rating with the NRA than keeping Americans safe. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). 
to thank my colleague from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for yielding me 
the time and for the tremendous work that he has done on this issue over his career in elected office and, before that, as a staff member here on Capitol Hill. 
today in calling for this House to move a bipartisan piece of legislation because we have an opportunity to close a loophole that allows suspected terrorists to legally purchase firearms and explosives. I believe we have a responsibility to do so before this House takes another moment of silence, as we have done countless times already this session. 
alone, 94 percent of individuals suspected of planning terrorist attacks have been able to successfully pass background checks and purchase deadly weapons. If we don’t trust somebody to board a plane, why on Earth would we trust them to buy a gun? 
along with my colleague from California, MIKETHOMPSON , to write a letter to Speaker R YAN asking him to 
body’s response to gun violence, can no longer be moments of silence and thoughts and prayers by Members in this Chamber. We can do more than that. We are expected to do more than that. My hope today is that we will. 
4 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from the State of Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). 
as I was down here listening to my friend, that this is regular order. And, frankly, the one thing I have learned in the Rules Committee, especially under this administration, is, it wouldn’t be a 
Rules Committee party if we didn’t get a letter from the administration saying, I am not going to sign it. 
are for. Again, if we are just going to talk about issues today—we are talking about a piece of legislation that affects Americans. And it is amazing to me, every time I come down here to hear my colleagues actually talk about trivial pieces of legislation—if it affects the American public and it is something that affects American lives, then it is not trivial on the floor of this House. 
Private Property Protection Act, we are going to vote on the rule. It needs to be supported. The underlying bill is going to be debated. It came through regular order. These are the things that we need to be doing. 
things that are going on in the world right now, I want to talk about the absolutely anemic response that we have seen in the world situation from the administration, especially when it comes to where terrorists are moving and growing and being unfettered while we stand by and watch. Especially now. In fact, for this, we have had a debate, and we are looking through it. 
again; it is not just a song on the radio. Iran has decided that they are just going to flaunt what we have been saying for years. 
But this is the key thought of our administration on attacking and being at peace with the world. They just tested nuclear missiles again in violation of two U.N. directives, just did it. Where is the outrage? There is none. 
out here. And let’s talk about this: The real terrorists in the world, who hate us just because we are free, are still unabated. 
will work with AUMF. But, Mr. President, it is time for you to actually give us a plan. It is time for you to stop passing the buck. It is time for the administration to give us an actual idea of how you want to address this, how you want to go about it. 
America, flaunt it whenever I want to. I will do whatever I need. 
things that matter to Americans. The majority understands that national security is projecting a strong national security. The majority is putting forth bills that actually work for people. The majority is looking today to work on a piece of legislation that affects real people’s lives. 
with my friends across the aisle on a number of issues. But today, let’s move forward. And let’s also have a time to say, Mr. President, we are looking for 
direction. It is time to lead. Check in, or check out. 
the aisle wanted to defend the record of this House in terms of regular order, they can have it at. It is laughable, the record. This is the most closed Congress in the history of the United States Congress. That is the record that they are proud of. 
the leadership of this House to let this House do what it is supposed to do: have the committees of jurisdiction report this bill to shut down this terrible loophole which is a potential danger to our citizens. Bring it to the floor. We can’t get you to bring anything to the floor related to this issue. 
talk like my friends on the other side care about regular order or even are in the most minimal way committed to an open process here is laughable. Look at the record of this Congress. 
The Speaker and the previous Speaker all get up here and talk about their commitment to regular order. And then what do they do? They do the opposite time and time again. 
I read to you some of the bills that 
you brought up recently that have come to the floor not under regular order. We don’t need lectures on regular order from my friends on the Republican side who, again, are presiding over the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. 
the increasing frequency with which mass shootings seem to happen in this country, we never expect it to happen in our community. But a week ago today, that is exactly what happened when tragedy hit home. 
well, represented the city of San Bernardino during my time in the State senate; and on this tragic day, five individuals who lived in cities that I represent were murdered. 
the pain that the San Bernardino and Inland Empire community is facing right now. Far too many Americans have lost loved ones in similar acts of violence. 
suspects on terrorist watch lists to purchase a gun, to walk into a gun store and purchase a high caliber weapon, must be fixed. 
widely supported reform that we can make to reduce gun violence, but we haven’t. We haven’t been able to have a serious conversation about any of these issues. 
to our gun laws need to make their voices heard and say, enough is enough; check in, or check out. 
Before we gather for yet another moment of silence, I remind my colleagues that this House floor is for action, not inaction. Doing nothing is inexcusable. It is an insult to the lives lost on that tragic day. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
one of my colleagues to go out on any street corner in the United States of America and ask people who are walking by: Do you think the people who are on the terrorist watch list who are not allowed to get on an airplane should be able to go into any gun store and buy a weapon of their choice? 
like this. This is a Smith & Wesson .223caliber assault rifle. This is a weapon that is available to people who are on the terrorist watch list. It is also the weapon that was used by the shooters in San Bernardino to fire off 65 to 75 rounds and kill the coworkers of one of those shooters. 
FBI’s terrorist watch list have successfully purchased weapons in the United States. More than 90 percent of all suspected terrorists who attempted to purchase guns in the last 11 years were able to do that. It may not be the biggest issue, but, clearly, the American people don’t think that potential terrorists should be able to buy guns. 
Let’s do it. H.R. 1076 would ban the sale of weapons to any individual, according to the Attorney General, who is considered to be engaged in terrorist activities. Introduced by a Republican, this is bipartisan. Let’s support PETER KING’s bill, 
the bill that many of us have gotten together to sponsor, as a beginning in order to say we are serious about protecting our communities. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C ONNOLLY ). 
than in anger. This debate has gone on long enough. Too many of our fellow Americans have been victimized by gun violence because we are enthralled by the gun lobby. 
Who do we serve in this body if it 
isn’t the American people? It is the sacred responsibility of every Member of this body to protect that public, not a special interest lobby. Are we ever going to be willing to put aside what we perceive we owe that lobby and act on behalf of the American people? 
If we can’t do it in this example—preventing guns from getting in the hands of people on a terrorist watch list—I would venture to guess, Mr. Speaker, that the American people who are watching this debate think it is made 
up, that it can’t be true, that it can’t be true that somebody on the terrorist 
watch list qualifies and is going to be protected by this body to exercise his Second Amendment right and buy a gun. Surely that cannot be true. 
as our minds in this discussion and come to our senses and do something vitally important for the American people. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
think most Americans think it is important for the Constitution to be protected. The Second Amendment is protected. We have the right to bear arms. 
actions and inactions questionable at best because, after the 353rd mass murder, this Congress cannot come together and vote on one simple bill, that is, that individuals on the nofly and terrorist watch lists would not be able to purchase guns. 
stand here, they can purchase guns. They can purchase guns without imprisonment, without charges. In memory of San Bernardino, among the other failures that caused their deaths, the one we know of was the utilization of automatic weapons that shot thousands or hundreds of rounds—many rounds—killing these innocent persons. 
I rise today to say that we should not 
move from this place without passing the Peter King bill, which keeps guns— automatic weapons—out of the hands of terrorists. How simple a question. How simple an answer. Vote ‘‘yes’’ for the American people. 
inquire as to how much time is left on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington has 11
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I am the last speaker on my side. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ). 
usually show up unannounced or uninvited. But I have listened to the debate on this, and I find absolutely amazing the outpouring of abhorrence for potential gun violence from a body that failed to have a moment of silence for Kate Steinle, that failed to do anything to recognize that instance of gun violence in the Bay Area. 
So, as I sit here and listen to all of 
the deplorable, junior varsity theater on the message, I wonder: Why aren’t we doing something about that instance, which was put in the rearview mirror instantly and accelerate it away at the speed of light? 
is in session on this issue. I encourage you to skip the show. 
doesn’t see the importance of this issue and thinks that this is theater. I assure you that the vast majority of Americans—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents alike—think this is a very serious issue. 
people who cannot own a gun in this country are criminals, unlawful users of controlled substances, people who are mentally ill, people who have renounced their citizenship, and people who have been convicted of domestic violence. 
people can’t go out and buy guns. Yet, when it comes to people who are suspected of terrorism, for some reason, we can’t apply the law to them. For some reason, there is a reluctance by some on the other side of the aisle—not all, but some—to do something about this. 
a bill that I think is fairly straightforward. It basically says that people who are suspected of being terrorists, who right now can’t fly on airplanes, should not be able to go out and purchase a gun, should not be able to purchase a weapon of war. 
House of Representatives. It is hard to fathom. People can’t quite understand what the problem is. 
other side of the aisle are going to introduce bills to allow us to be able to sell weapons to people who are convicted of domestic violence or to people who are felons or to people who have renounced their citizenship. Maybe that is going to mysteriously come to the House floor. Maybe that is what the plan is, but I hope not. 
hear people on the other side of the aisle saying we should do away with the nofly list and allow suspected terrorists to be able to fly on airplanes with the American people. I don’t hear people asking to do that. So what is the problem? 
We are making a big deal of this. I 
am sorry the gentleman from Nevada doesn’t appreciate the importance of this issue, but we are making a big deal of this because it is a big deal. We need to do a lot of different things to protect the American people, and this is one of them. No one is up here saying this will solve all of our problems, but we are saying this is an important piece that we ought to get done. I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to defeat the previous question. Allow us to have the opportunity to bring this up because we have tried every which way—we even have a discharge petition going to try to force a vote on this issue—and all we have encountered is resistance, resistance, resistance. Give us the opportunity to deliberate. Let the people’s House do the people’s business. 
the previous question and to then vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
discussion of private property rights in Texas and in Oklahoma. We have quite a broad subject here. Let me just say a couple of things before I close. 
It was just yesterday that the newspaper in Los Angeles, the LA Times, which is not known to be a conservative newspaper, stated: ‘‘One problem is that the people on the nofly list’’— and Mr. MCGOVERN was saying nobody 
The LA Times points out: ‘‘One problem is that the people on the nofly list . . . have not been convicted of doing anything wrong . . . And the United States doesn’t generally punish or penalize people unless and until they have been charged and convicted of a crime.’’ 
the list have been identified. According to the American Civil Liberties Union’’—the ACLU—‘‘which is suing the government over the nofly list, the two lists include thousands of names that have been added in error . . .The nofly list has also been used to deny boarding passes to people who only share a name with a suspected terrorist. Former Sen. Ted Kennedy’’— from your State of Massachusetts— ‘‘was famously questioned at airports in 2004 because a terror suspect had used the alias ‘T. Kennedy.’ It took the senator’s office three weeks to get his name cleared.’’ 
This is about upholding the Constitution, which we all swear an oath to every 2 years. Even the ACLU believes so. 
been a great distraction by the other side, I think, to blur the fact that the current administration has no policy in place to defeat terrorism, to defeat ISIS, I think we need to keep our eye on the ball. 
come up with fully 30 recommendations that I am hopeful the other side of the aisle will help us work through and pass in order to keep this country safe. 
This is a serious issue that all Americans are concerned with. I am sure my office is no different than anyone else’s in that the majority of calls and contacts they have received over the last 
few weeks has been about security, about being safe in our country. 
way to address the true issues that will keep Americans safe and not address the distractions that take away the attention from where it needs to be: on the lack of a clear policy on the administration’s part to defeat terrorism. 
reason we are having this discussion this afternoon, Mr. Speaker, that being the Red River Private Property Protection Act. 
For over 200 years, confusion and dispute over the TexasOklahoma border have been ongoing staples of land management in that region. I am sure my colleagues from Oklahoma and Texas would agree with me that the last thing we need further muddying this confusion is a Federal agency’s stepping in and claiming ownership of a large portion of that area. 
River should not have to live in a restless state, unsure if the land they have held titles to, have worked hard to pay taxes on, and, in some cases, have owned for generations will suddenly be snatched up through a shoddily conducted survey. 
Conducting a survey using the Supreme Court’s approved gradient boundary method is the only way to truly find the boundary between public and private ownership to settle this dispute once and for all. 
Texas and their constituents deserve to have this matter finally settled and in a just fashion. H.R. 2130 protects private property and settles the question of ownership by requiring the BLM to commission a survey along the entire 116 mile stretch of the Red River using that gradient boundary survey method backed by the Supreme Court to determine the property ownership boundary between private and public land. This bill ensures that the survey is done correctly, accurately, and according to the Supreme Court’s instructions. 
urge my colleagues to support the protection of private landowners, the States, and the affected tribal nations’ rights upheld by this rule and the underlying bill. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 556 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 178, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 682, 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today I missed the following vote: Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2130. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 241, noes 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
following conference report and statement on the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes: 
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 644), to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: 
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the House amendment, insert the following: 
the ‘‘Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015’’. 
for customs modernization, trade facilitation, and trade enforcement functions and programs. 
Border Protection of works for which copyright registration is pending. 
Trade Act of 1974 with respect to certain acts, policies, and practices. 
bulk cargo contained in instruments of international traffic previously exported from the United States. 
exception to prohibition on importation of goods made with convict labor, forced labor, or indentured labor; report. 
Cooperation members to reduce rates of duty on certain environmental goods. 
submission of nomination for appointment as Deputy United States Trade Representative. 
AND BORDER PROTECTION .—The term ‘‘commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’ includes— 
Homeland Security with respect to trade facilitation and trade enforcement; 
of Homeland Security, efforts among Federal agencies to facilitate legitimate trade and to enforce the customs and trade laws of the United States, including representing the Department of Homeland Security in interagency fora addressing such efforts; 
foreign countries to facilitate legitimate international trade and enforce the customs and trade laws of the United States and the customs and trade laws of foreign countries; 
information as appropriate and in accordance with any law regarding cargo destined for the United States— 
customs and trade laws of the United States; and 
basis input from private sector entities, including the Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee established by section 109 and the Trade Support Network, with respect to, as appropriate— 
(ii) the development, implementation, or revision of policies or regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
trade and enforcing the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
chapter 590; 19 U.S.C. 81a et seq.; commonly known as the ‘‘Foreign Trade Zones Act’’). 
(AA) Any other provision of law vesting customs revenue functions in the Secretary of the Treasury. 
law administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
of a government) affected by the implementation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
enforcement’’ means the enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
public, and other Federal agencies when appropriate, to ensure that participants in those programs receive commercially significant and measurable trade benefits, including providing preclearance of merchandise for qualified persons that demonstrate the highest levels of compliance with the customs and trade laws of the United States, regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other requirements the Commissioner determines to be necessary; 
those agencies are compatible with the partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
appropriate Federal agencies, for qualified persons that demonstrate the highest levels of compliance with the customs and trade laws of the 
United States to receive immediate clearance absent information that a transaction may pose a national security or compliance threat; and 
date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than December 31 of each calendar year thereafter, the Commissioner shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— 
participation at multiple tiers, the number of participants at each such tier; 
partnership program in advancing the security, trade enforcement, and trade facilitation missions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, based on historical developments, the level of participation in the program, and the evolution of benefits provided to participants in the program; 
Border Protection to work with other Federal agencies with authority to detain and release merchandise entering the United States to ensure that partnership programs of those agencies are compatible with partnership programs of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
agencies for authorizing the release, on an expedited basis, of merchandise for which documentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; 
Border Protection to work with private sector entities and the public to develop and improve such partnership programs; 
and Border Protection to make private sector entities aware of the trade benefits available to participants in such partnership programs; and 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to such partnership programs for the 2 years following the submission of the report. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the effectiveness of trade enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
STANDARDS FOR CUSTOMS MODERNIZATION, TRADE FACILITATION, AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT FUNCTIONS AND PROGRAMS. 
Such priorities and performance standards shall, at a minimum, include priorities and standards relating to efficiency, outcome, output, and other types of applicable measures. 
section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313), as amended by section 906 of this Act. 
under subtitle A of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) and antidumping duties assessed under subtitle B of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673 et seq.). 
EFFORTS TO CLASSIFY AND APPRAISE IMPORTED ARTICLES, TO IMPROVE TRADE ENFORCEMENT EFFORTS, AND TO OTHERWISE FACILITATE LEGITIMATE INTERNATIONAL TRADE. 
the Director shall establish and carry out on a fiscal year basis educational seminars to— 
Customs and Border Protection to classify and appraise articles imported into the United States in accordance with the customs and trade laws of the United States; 
personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and personnel of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
instructional materials at each educational seminar carried out under this section to personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and, as appropriate, to personnel of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on the following: 
article imported into the United States, including testing of samples of the article, to determine if the article is mislabeled in the manifest or other accompanying documentation. 
matters as determined to be appropriate by the Commissioner. 
materials at each educational seminar carried out under this section shall be subject to the approval of the Commissioner and the Director. 
mislabeling or misidentification of origin of imported articles; and 
due consideration to carrying out an educational seminar under this section in whole or in part to improve the ability of personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to enforce a countervailing or antidumping duty order issued under section 706 or 736 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671e or 1673e) upon the request of a petitioner in an action underlying such countervailing or antidumping duty order. 
level of achievement of educational seminars carried out under this section. 
2016, and annually thereafter, the Commissioner and the Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the effectiveness of educational seminars carried out under this section. 
means the customs territory of the United States, as defined in General Note 2 to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel’’ means import specialists, auditors, and other appropriate employees of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCE MENT PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘U.S. Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement personnel’’ means Homeland Security Investigations Directorate personnel and other appropriate employees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Commissioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall jointly develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a joint strategic plan. 
year period preceding the submission of the plan to improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation, including a description and analysis of specific performance measures to evaluate the progress of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in meeting each such responsibility; 
trade issues described in section 117 that can be addressed in order to enhance trade enforcement and trade facilitation, and a description of strategies and plans for addressing each such issue, including— 
consultation and coordination among and within Federal agencies, and in particular between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, regarding trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
World Customs Organization and other international organizations, in consultation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, with respect to enhancing trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
Protection organizational benchmarks for optimizing staffing and wait times at ports of entry; 
international best practices that may further improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 
consultation and coordination with the private sector to enhance trade enforcement and trade facilitation. 
(vii) the Food and Drug Administration; (viii) the Consumer Product Safety Commission; and 
(ix) the Office of the United States Trade Representative; and 
joint strategic plan required under this section, the Commissioner and the Director shall seek to consult with— 
law enforcement agencies and international organizations, including the World Customs Organization; and 
required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
in that Account’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $153,736,000’’; and 
2016, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report detailing— 
in the Automated Commercial Environment every month since September 30, 2016. 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report— 
agencies in accessing and utilizing the Automated Commercial Environment; and 
with the head of each agency participating in the ITDS and the Interagency Steering Committee to ensure that each agency— 
‘‘(ii) enters into a memorandum of understanding, or takes such other action as is necessary, to provide for the information sharing between the agency and U.S. Customs and Border Protection necessary for the operation and maintenance of the ITDS; 
the ITDS as the primary means of receiving from users the standard set of data and other relevant documentation, exclusive of applications for permits, licenses, or certifications required for the release of imported cargo and clearance of cargo for export. 
paragraph shall be construed to require any action to be taken that would compromise an ongoing law enforcement investigation or would compromise national security.’’; and 
that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly establish a Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’). 
the Department of the Treasury and the Commissioner, who shall jointly cochair meetings of the Advisory Committee; and 
Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, who shall serve as deputy cochairs of meetings of the Advisory Committee. 
Advisory Committee under this paragraph shall be appointed for a term of not more than 3 years, and may be reappointed to subsequent terms, but may not serve more than 2 terms sequentially. 
the Secretary of Homeland Security on all matters involving the commercial operations of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection, including advising with respect to significant changes that are proposed with respect to regulations, policies, or practices of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security on improvements to the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection as prescribed by law or as the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security jointly direct. 
of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), the Advisory Committee shall meet at the call of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security, or at the call of not less than 
2⁄3of the membership of the Advisory Committee. The Advisory Committee shall meet at least 4 times each calendar year. 
consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee established under section 109, develop and implement Centers of Excellence and Expertise throughout U.S. Customs and Border Protection that— 
the United States by consistently enforcing the laws and regulations of the United States at all ports of entry of the United States and by facilitating the flow of legitimate trade through increasing industrybased knowledge; 
and Border Protection in particular industry operations, supply chains, and compliance requirements; 
each port of entry of the United States of policies and regulations relating to imports; 
apply, as the Commissioner determines appropriate, to the importation of merchandise into 
2016, the Commissioner shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing— 
Excellence and Expertise in improving enforcement efforts, including enforcement of priority trade issues described in section 117, and facilitating legitimate trade; 
each such Center of Excellence and Expertise to the trade community, including through fostering partnerships through the expansion of trade programs such as the Importer Self Assessment program and other trusted partner programs; 
with respect to each such Center of Excellence and Expertise, including performance measures with respect to meeting internal efficiency and effectiveness goals; 
for the United States may violate the customs and trade laws of the United States, particularly those laws applicable to merchandise subject to the priority trade issues described in section 117; and 
the appropriate U.S. Customs and Border Protection offices of allegations from interested parties in the private sector of violations of customs 
and trade laws of the United States with respect to merchandise relating to the priority trade issues described in section 117; and 
party in the private sector that has submitted an allegation of any violation of the customs and trade laws of the United States of any civil or criminal actions taken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or any other Federal agency resulting from the allegation. 
ALERTS .—The director of a United States port of 
determination, notifies the Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection of the determination and the reasons for the determination. 
Office of Field Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— 
the term ‘‘inspection’’ means the comprehensive evaluation process used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, other than physical examination or testing, to permit the entry of merchandise into the United States, or the clearance of merchandise for transportation in bond through the United States, for purposes of— 
customs and trade laws of the United States and regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
the Trade Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended to read as follows: 
the regulations shall be used exclusively for ensuring cargo safety and security, preventing smuggling, and commercial risk assessment targeting, and shall not be used for any commercial enforcement purposes, including for determining merchandise entry. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, nothing in this section shall be treated as amending, repealing, or otherwise modifying title IV of the Tariff Act of 1930 or regulations promulgated thereunder.’’. 
and not later than March 31 of each second year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall submit to the 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to protection of revenue, including— 
and single transaction bonds, to secure that revenue; and 
Customs and Border Protection to measure accountability and performance with respect to protection of revenue. 
instituted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to the underpayment of duties. 
to the collection of duties provided for personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
of 2016, 2017, and 2018, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of the Treasury shall jointly submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on efforts undertaken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to ensure the secure transportation of merchandise in bond through the United States and the collection of revenue owed upon the entry of such merchandise into the United States for consumption. 
the United States for transportation in bond and at which records of the arrival of such merchandise are generated; 
records with the records at the final destination of the merchandise in the United States to demonstrate that the merchandise reaches its final destination or is reexported; 
owed with respect to shipments of merchandise transported in bond and the total amount of such duties, taxes, and fees paid; 
that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security 
shall establish an importer of record program to assign and maintain importer of record numbers. 
in order to obtain an importer of record number, including— 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to verify the existence of the importer requesting the importer of record number; 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to identify linkages or other affiliations between importers that are requesting or have been assigned importer of record numbers; and 
collected to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to identify changes in address and corporate structure of importers; 
is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall establish a program that directs U.S. Customs and Border Protection to adjust bond amounts for importers, including new importers and nonresident importers, based on risk assessments of such importers conducted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in order to protect the revenue of the Federal Government. 
oversight of imported products of new importers, including nonresident importers, relating to the enforcement of the priority trade issues described in section 117; 
oversight of imported products of new importers, including new nonresident importers, by Centers of Excellence and Expertise established under section 110; and 
section shall not apply to an importer that is a validated Tier 2 or Tier 3 participant in the Customs–Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program established under subtitle B of title II of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.). 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report detailing— 
United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; or 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
broker is required to follow in order to verify the authenticity of information collected from an importer; and 
the information collected by the broker to verify the identity of an importer. 
United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; or 
‘‘(ii) a partnership, corporation, or other commercial entity that is not organized under the laws of a jurisdiction within the customs territory of the United States (as such term is defined in General Note 2 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States) or in the Virgin Islands of the United States.’’. 
than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report containing recommendations for— 
to review information maintained by relevant Federal agencies for purposes of verifying the identities of importers, including nonresident importers, seeking to import merchandise into the United States. 
submits to the appropriate congressional committees a summary of proposals to establish such new priority trade issues not later than 30 days after such new priority trade issues are to take effect; and 
issues, submits to the appropriate congressional committees a summary of proposals to eliminate, consolidate, or otherwise modify such existing priority trade issues not later than 60 days before such changes are to take effect. 
In this title, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
Safety Working Group shall consist of the following officials or their designees: 
designated by the President to participate in the interagency Import Safety Working Group, as appropriate. 
import safety rapid response plan required by section 202; 
the plans, practices, and resources of the Federal Government dedicated to ensuring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise, including— 
among Federal agencies the heads of which are members of the interagency Import Safety Working Group and ensuring the compatibility of the policies and regulations of those agencies; and 
actions, as appropriate, designed to ensure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise and considering the impact of those actions on private sector entities; 
of foreign governments and foreign manufacturers in facilitating the inspection and certification, as appropriate, of such merchandise to be imported into the United States and the facilities producing such merchandise to ensure the safety of the merchandise and the expeditious entry of the merchandise into the United States; 
with private sector entities as appropriate, to assist United States importers in taking all appropriate steps to ensure the safety of merchandise imported into the United States, including with respect to— 
the United States before exportation from a foreign country or before distribution in the United States; and 
chain (as defined in section 2 of the Security and Accountability For Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 901)); 
State, and local governments and agencies, and port authorities, to improve communication and coordination among such agencies and authorities with respect to ensuring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise; and 
increase the accountability of United States importers and the engagement of foreign government agencies with respect to ensuring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise. 
2016, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the interagency Import Safety Working Group established under section 201, shall develop a plan (to be known as the ‘‘joint import safety rapid response plan’’) that sets forth protocols and defines practices for U.S. 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection when taking action in response to, and coordinating Federal responses to, such an incident; 
and Border Protection and other Federal agencies in recovering from or mitigating the effects of actions taken in response to such an incident after the incident to ensure the resumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States; and 
Protection may conduct in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies, and private sector entities, to simulate responses to such an incident. 
and constraints of United States ports of entry of different sizes in representative geographic locations across the United States; 
in a manner consistent with the National Incident Management System, the National Response Plan, the National Infrastructure Protection Plan, the National Preparedness Guidelines, the Maritime Transportation System Security Plan, and other such national initiatives of the Department of Homeland Security, as appropriate; and 
Working Group established under section 201 and with, as appropriate— 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection assigned to United States ports of entry are trained to effectively administer the provisions of this title and to otherwise assist in ensuring the safety of merchandise imported into the United States and the expeditious entry of such merchandise. 
rights’’ refers to copyrights, trademarks, and other forms of intellectual property rights that are enforced by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
amended by inserting after section 628 (19 U.S.C. 1628) the following new section: 
that appears on the merchandise and its packaging and labels, including unredacted images of the merchandise and its packaging and labels; and 
requirements, provide to the person unredacted samples of the merchandise. 
being imported in violation of section 526, the owner of the trademark suspected of being copied or simulated by the merchandise; 
being imported in violation of section 602 of title 17, United States Code, the owner of the copyright suspected of being infringed by the merchandise; 
with respect to merchandise suspected of infringing a trademark or copyright that is recorded with U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations establishing procedures that implement this subsection. 
BORDER PROTECTION OF WORKS FOR WHICH COPYRIGHT REGISTRATION IS PENDING. 
Not later than the date that is 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall authorize a process pursuant to which the Commissioner shall enforce a copyright for which the owner has submitted an application for registration under title 17, United States Code, with the United States Copyright Office, to the same extent and in the same manner as if the copyright were registered with the Copyright Office, including by sharing information, images, and samples of merchandise suspected of infringing the copyright under section 628A of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 302. 
Customs Enforcement a National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center; and 
merchandise that infringe intellectual property rights to identify organizations and individuals that produce, smuggle, or distribute such merchandise; 
other domestic and international law enforcement agencies on investigative best practices— 
Protection, activities conducted by the United States to prevent the importation or exportation of merchandise that infringes intellectual property rights; 
merchandise destined for the United States that infringes intellectual property rights; 
infringement of intellectual property rights from domestic and international law enforcement agencies and other nonFederal sources; 
information regarding infringement of intellectual property rights from such agencies and other sources; 
systems, in coordination with U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to improve the targeting of persons that repeatedly infringe intellectual property rights; 
attorneys in order to develop expertise in, and assist with the investigation and prosecution of, crimes relating to the infringement of intellectual property rights; and 
law enforcement agencies that the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement considers appropriate; and 
National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center shall work with U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other Federal agencies to conduct outreach to private sector entities in order to determine trends in and methods of infringing intellectual property rights. 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall include in the joint strategic plan required by section 105— 
has seized the most merchandise, both by volume and by value, that infringes intellectual property rights during the most recent 2year period for which data are available; and 
PROTECTION .—The Commissioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall ensure that sufficient personnel are assigned throughout U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, respectively, who have responsibility for preventing the importation into the United States of merchandise that infringes intellectual property rights. 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center established under section 305; and 
The Commissioner shall consult with private sector entities to better identify opportunities for collaboration between U.S. Customs and Border Protection and such entities with respect to training for officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in enforcing intellectual property rights. 
In consultation with private sector entities, the Commissioner shall identify— 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use such technologies. 
than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall prescribe regulations to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection to receive donations of hardware, software, equipment, and similar technologies, and to accept training and other support services, from private sector entities, for the purpose of enforcing intellectual property rights. 
Homeland Security shall provide technical assistance to competent law enforcement and customs authorities of foreign countries to enhance the ability of such authorities to enforce intellectual property rights. 
Not later than September 30, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Commissioner and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall jointly submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that contains the following: 
the infringement of intellectual property rights referred by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to a United States attorney for prosecution and the United States attorneys to which those investigations were referred. 
Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement with respect to— 
the sharing of information between those agencies and other Federal agencies to prevent, the infringement of intellectual property rights; 
training of officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; and 
(iii) to develop best practices to enforce intellectual property rights; and 
and international organizations with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to address the challenges with respect to the enforcement of intellectual property rights presented by Internet commerce and the transit of small packages and an identification of the volume, value, and type of merchandise seized for infringing intellectual property rights as a result of such efforts. 
Security shall develop and carry out an educational campaign to inform travelers entering or leaving the United States about the legal, economic, and public health and safety implications of acquiring merchandise that infringes intellectual property rights outside the United States and importing such merchandise into the United States in violation of United States law. 
shall ensure that all versions of Declaration Form 6059B of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or a successor form, including any electronic equivalent of Declaration Form 6059B or a successor form, printed or displayed on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act include a written warning to inform travelers arriving in the United States that importation of merchandise into the United States that infringes intellectual property rights may subject travelers to civil or criminal penalties and may pose serious risks to safety or health. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Enforce and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
section 706 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671e); or 
section 736 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673e). 
business’’ means any business concern that, in the judgment of the Commissioner, due to its small size, has neither adequate internal resources nor financial ability to obtain qualified outside assistance in preparing and submitting for consideration allegations of evasion. 
‘‘entry’’ refer to the entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, of merchandise in the customs territory of the United States. 
‘‘evasion’’ refer to entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of any document or electronically transmitted data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is material and false, or any omission that is material, and that results in any cash deposit or other security or any amount of applicable antidumping or countervailing duties being reduced or not being applied with respect to the merchandise. 
remedy laws’’ means title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.). 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North American Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of 
the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), this title and the amendments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
who shall report to the Executive Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Trade; and 
policies to prevent and counter evasion, including policies relating to the implementation of section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act; 
Director of the Trade Remedy Law Enforcement Division shall include— 
cooperation and the exchange of information between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and other relevant Federal agencies regarding evasion; 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the public regarding activities concerning evasion, including activities relating to investigations conducted under section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act, which include— 
submitted such an allegation of evasion, providing information to such party or parties on the status of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s consideration of the allegation and decision to pursue or not pursue any administrative inquiries or other actions, such as changes in policies, procedures, or resource allocation as a result of the allegation; 
parties that submitted such an allegation of evasion any additional information that may be relevant for U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
determining whether to initiate an administrative inquiry or take any other action regarding the allegation; 
parties that submitted such an allegation of the results of any administrative, civil, or criminal actions taken by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or other Federal agency regarding evasion as a direct or indirect result of the allegation; 
Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee, the Trade Support Network, and any other relevant parties and organizations regarding the development and implementation of regulations, interpretations, and policies related to countering evasion. 
duties with respect to preventing and countering evasion, the National Targeting and Analysis Group dedicated to preventing and countering evasion shall— 
for the United States may constitute evading covered merchandise; and 
To determine whether covered merchandise is being entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner— 
is necessary to make the determination through such methods as the Commissioner considers appropriate, including by issuing questionnaires with respect to the entry or entries at issue to— 
the covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; or 
have information relevant to the allegation of entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; or 
merchandise that is alleged to have entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
another investigation, proceeding, or other action regarding evasion of the unfair trade laws; or 
negotiate and enter into bilateral agreements with the customs authorities or other appropriate authorities of foreign countries for purposes of cooperation on preventing evasion of the trade remedy laws of the United States and the trade remedy laws of the other country. 
with its laws, regulations, and procedures, production, trade, and transit documents and other information necessary to determine whether an entry or entries exported from the exporting country are subject to the importing country’s trade remedy laws. 
each calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report summarizing— 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
amended by inserting after section 516A (19 U.S.C. 1516a) the following: 
CLAIMS OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
‘entry’ refer to the entry, or withdrawal from warehouse for consumption, of merchandise into the customs territory of the United States. 
clause (ii), the term ‘evasion’ does not include entering covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States by means of— 
data or information, written or oral statement, or act that is false as a result of a clerical error; or 
For purposes of clause (ii), the mere nonintentional repetition by an electronic system of an initial clerical error does not constitute a pattern of negligent conduct. 
in the United States of a domestic like product; 
group of workers that is representative of an industry engaged in the manufacture, production, or wholesale in the United States of a domestic like product; 
‘‘(iv) a trade or business association a majority of the members of which manufacture, produce, or wholesale a domestic like product in the United States; 
of which is composed of interested parties described in clause (ii), (iii), or (iv) with respect to a domestic like product; and 
that covered merchandise has been entered into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
described in this paragraph is an allegation that a person has entered covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion that is— 
and any other interested party participating in the investigation, of the referral. 
submitted, would not lead to the initiation of an 
investigation under this subsection or any other action to address the allegation. 
of the Commissioner regarding whether a business concern is an eligible small business for purposes of this paragraph is not reviewable by any other agency or by any court. 
‘‘(II) the novelty of the issues presented; or ‘‘(III) the number of entities to be investigated; and 
covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
‘‘(iii) a person that is a foreign producer or 
another investigation, proceeding, or other action regarding evasion of the unfair trade laws; or 
‘‘(ii) if no such assessment rate for such an 
entry is available at the time, identify the applicable cash deposit rate to be applied to the entry, with the applicable antidumping or countervailing duty assessment rate to be provided as soon as that rate becomes available; 
for which the importer has repeatedly provided incomplete or erroneous entry summary information in connection with determinations of evasion, the importer to deposit estimated duties at the time of entry; and 
‘‘(iv) referring the record in whole or in part 
to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for civil or criminal investigation. 
under section 623, take such additional measures as the Commissioner determines necessary to protect the revenue of the United States, including requiring a single transaction bond or additional security or the posting of a cash deposit with respect to such covered merchandise. 
conclusion is arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law. 
subsection shall affect the availability of judicial review to an interested party under any other provision of law. 
of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 517’’ after ‘‘516A’’. 
by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by this section. 
The Commissioner shall, to the maximum extent possible, ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection— 
INVESTIGATION OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS. 
each calendar year that begins on or after the date that is 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the efforts being taken to prevent and investigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion. 
and Border Protection to prevent and investigate the entry of covered merchandise into the customs territory of the United States through evasion; 
determined to be owed as a result of such investigations, the amount of such duties that were collected, and, for any such duties not collected, a description of the reasons those duties were not collected; 
that led to the imposition of a penalty, the amount of the penalty; 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to prevent and investigate evasion, including— 
last report required by this section, if any, that have materially improved or reduced the effectiveness of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in preventing and investigating evasion; 
to be owed as a result of such investigations and the amount of such duties that were collected; 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to prevent and investigate evasion. 
‘‘(VII) any other factor the administering authority determines to be relevant as to whether such sales are, or are not, likely to be typical of those the exporter or producer will make after completion of the review.’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business 
Trade Enhancement Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘State Trade Coordination Act’’. 
striking ‘‘The Office of Advocacy’’ and inserting the following: 
the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code; 
means the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration; 
‘‘(ii) The Department of Commerce. ‘‘(iii) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(iv) Any other agency that the Chief Counsel 
for Advocacy, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines to be relevant with respect to the subject of the covered trade agreement. 
‘‘(ii) assess the impact for new small businesses to start exporting, or increase their exports, to markets in countries that are parties to the covered trade agreement; 
‘‘(iii) analyze the competitive position of industries likely to be significantly affected by the covered trade agreement; 
country participating in negotiations for the covered trade agreement that could pose a threat to small businesses; and 
‘‘(II) any steps to take to create a level playing field for those small businesses; 
should be modified to become compliant with the covered trade agreement; and 
used to develop the report, including the number of small business participants by industry, how those small businesses were selected, and any other factors that the Chief Counsel for Advocacy may determine appropriate. 
Counsel for Advocacy shall, to the extent practicable, coordinate the submission of the report under this paragraph with the United States International Trade Commission, the United States Trade Representative, other agencies, and trade advisory committees to avoid unnecessary duplication of reporting requirements.’’. 
Section 22 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
‘‘(iv) has been in business for not less than 1 
year, as of the date on which assistance using a grant under this subsection commences; and 
the costs associated with trade, including the costs of packing, shipping, freight forwarding, and customs brokers; 
(after consultation with the Department of Commerce to avoid duplication); or 
‘‘(II) small business concerns owned or controlled by women; and 
‘‘(III) rural small business concerns; ‘‘(iii) promotes trade facilitation from a State 
that is not 1 of the 10 States with the highest percentage of eligible small business concerns that are engaged in international trade, based upon the most recent data from the Department of Commerce; and 
highest return on investment based on the most recent year; and 
‘‘(II) the adoption of shared best practices included in the annual report of the Administration. 
submit more than 1 application for a grant under the program in any 1 fiscal year. 
value of grants made under the program during a fiscal year to the 10 States with the highest percentage of eligible small business concerns, based upon the most recent data available from the Department of Commerce, shall be not more than 40 percent of the amounts appropriated for the program for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) DURATION .—The Associate Administrator shall award a grant under this program for a period of not more than 2 years. 
under the program shall submit an application at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Associate Administrator may establish. 
‘‘(ii) CONSULTATION TO REDUCE DUPLICA TION.—A State desiring a grant under the program shall— 
the cost of a trade expansion program carried out using a grant under the program shall be— 
as determined by the Associate Administrator, not more than 65 percent; and 
trade volume, as determined by the Associate Administrator, not more than 75 percent. 
share of the cost of a trade expansion program carried out using a grant under the program shall be comprised of not less than 50 percent cash and not more than 50 percent of indirect costs and inkind contributions, except that no such costs or contributions may be derived from funds from any other Federal program. 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Associate Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report, which shall include— 
‘‘(ii) a management plan for the program; and ‘‘(iii) a description of the meritbased review 
‘‘(II) a list of the States receiving a grant 
under the program during the preceding year, including the activities being performed with each grant; 
‘‘(III) the effect of each grant on the eligible 
small business concerns in the State receiving the grant; 
that showed high returns on investment and significant progress in helping more eligible small business concerns. 
under the program are measuring the performance of the activities being conducted and the results of the measurements; and 
months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Inspector General of the Administration shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report regarding the use of amounts made available under the State Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program under section 1207 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 649b note). 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4721 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 2313 the following: 
of the United States to promote exports as an opportunity for small businesses. In exercising their powers and functions in order to advance that policy, all Federal agencies shall work constructively with State and local agencies engaged in export promotion and export financing activities. 
agencies that are represented on the TPCC, who are designated by the heads of their respective departments or agencies to advise the head on ways of promoting the exportation of United States goods and services.’’. 
information required by the Federal Government with respect to the exportation of articles from the United States. 
agencies with responsibility for export promotion or export financing, district export councils, and trade associations. 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
shall make available on the Internet website Export.gov (or a successor website) information on the resources relating to export promotion and export financing available in each State— 
with responsibility for export promotion or export financing and district export councils and trade associations located in the State. 
PROMOTION COORDINATING COMMITTEE .—Section 2312 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727) is amended— 
PROMOTION AGENCIES .—The TPCC shall also include 1 or more members appointed by the President who are representatives of State trade promotion agencies.’’; and 
acting through the Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee and in coordination with representatives of State trade promotion agencies, shall develop a comprehensive plan to integrate the resources and strategies of State trade promotion agencies into the overall Federal trade promotion program. 
agencies will coordinate education and trade events in the United States and abroad. 
can receive appropriate international trade information under the plan. 
in coordination with representatives of State trade promotion agencies, shall develop a framework to share export success information, and develop a coordinated set of reporting metrics. 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2420) is amended to read as follows: 
practices of foreign governments as trade enforcement priorities under this subsection, the Trade Representative shall focus on those acts, policies, and practices the elimination of which is likely to have the most significant potential to increase United States economic growth, and take into account all relevant factors, including— 
its obligations under any trade agreements to which both the foreign government and the United States are parties; 
to be used in the investigation or resolution of such concerns; 
to resolve concerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; 
agreement that provides for resolution of concerns raised by such acts, policies, or practices; or 
The Trade Representative shall notify and consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in advance of the initiation of any formal trade dispute by or against the United States taken in regard to an obligation under the WTO Agreements or any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party. With respect to a formal trade dispute against the United States, if advance notification and consultation are not possible, the Trade Representative shall notify and consult at the earliest practicable opportunity after initiation of the dispute. 
Representative shall notify and consult with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives in advance of the announced or anticipated circulation of any report of a dispute settlement panel or the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organization or of a dispute settlement panel under any other trade agreement to which the United States is a party with respect to a formal trade dispute by or against the United States. 
Agreements’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement.’’. 
domestic industry that would benefit from reinstatement of action has submitted to the Trade Representative a written request for reinstatement of action, and 
title III of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411 et seq.) is amended— 
subsection heading, by striking ‘‘FURTHER ACTION’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTION ON THE BASIS OF  
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Commission shall make available on a website of the Commission an import monitoring tool to allow the public access to data on the volume and value of goods imported to the United States for the purpose of assessing whether such data has changed with respect to such goods over a period of time. 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and not less frequently than quarterly thereafter, the Secretary of Commerce shall publish on a website of the Department of Commerce, and notify the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives of the availability of, a monitoring report on changes in the volume and value of trade with respect to imports and exports of goods categorized based on 
the 6digit subheading number of the goods under the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States during the most recent quarter for which such data are available and previous quarters as the Secretary considers practicable. 
section terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
support the activities of the United States Trade Representative in— 
to bilateral and regional trade agreements to which the United States is a party; 
States Trade Representative under this section with respect to the monitoring and enforcement of trade agreements to which the United States is a party; and 
implement provisions of trade agreements to which the United States is a party. 
be a Director, who shall be appointed by the United States Trade Representative. 
agency may, in consultation with and with the approval of the United States Trade Representative, detail or assign one or more employees to the Center without any reimbursement from the Center to support the functions of the Center.’’. 
the Center; and ‘‘(iii) an assessment of the operating costs of 
goals and objectives of the strategic plan of the Office of the United States Trade Representative as required under section 306 of title 5, United States Code, the Trade Representative shall, every 4 years, develop a plan— 
and new staff that will be necessary to support the trade negotiation and enforcement functions and powers of the Office (including those functions and powers of the Trade Policy Staff Committee) as described in section 141 and section 301; 
and staff in other Federal agencies who will be required to be detailed or assigned to support interagency programs led by the Trade Representative, including any associated expenses; 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
described in this subsection are distributions of antidumping duties and countervailing duties assessed on or after October 1, 2000, that are made under section 754 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c) (repealed by subtitle F of title VII of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)), with respect to entries of merchandise that— 
Claims Resolution Act of 2010 (19 U.S.C. 1675c note), unliquidated, not in litigation, and not under an order of liquidation from the Department of Commerce on December 8, 2010. 
bond, including any payment made to U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to that bond by a surety. 
‘‘countervailing duties’’ means countervailing duties imposed under section 701 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671). 
TRAFFICKED CULTURAL PROPERTY, ARCHAEOLOGICAL OR ETHNOLOGICAL MATERIALS, AND FISH, WILDLIFE, AND PLANTS. 
Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall ensure that appropriate personnel of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, as the case may be, are trained in the detection, identification, detention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property, archaeological or ethnological materials, and fish, wildlife, and plants, the importation, exportation, or trafficking of which violates the laws of the United States. 
THE TRADE ACT OF 1974 WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN ACTS, POLICIES, AND PRACTICES. 
to address concerns that honey is being imported into the United States in violation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to Congress a report that— 
the existing analysis capabilities of laboratories with respect to determining the country of origin of honey samples or the percentage of honey contained in a sample; and 
Congress that the Commissioner of Food and Drugs should promptly establish a national standard of identity for honey for the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to use to ensure that imports of honey are— 
imports pose a threat to the health or safety of consumers in the United States. 
Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘, one Chief Agricultural Negotiator, and one Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator,’’; 
Negotiator’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Chief Agricultural Negotiator, and the Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator’’; and 
United States Code is amended by striking ‘‘Chief Agricultural Negotiator.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the 
Representative during the oneyear period preceding the submission of the report to ensure the protection of United States innovation and intellectual property interests; and 
‘‘(ii) has remained on such list for at least one 
United States persons that rely upon intellectual property protection; or 
paragraph, the term ‘‘developing country’’ means a country classified by the World Bank as having a lowincome or lowermiddleincome economy. 
Trust Fund at any time may not exceed $30,000,000. 
shall invest such portion of the Trust Fund as is not required to meet current withdrawals in interestbearing obligations of the United States 
or in obligations guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. 
and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Trust Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Trust Fund. 
Representative shall, on the basis of the advice of the Trade Policy Committee and relevant subordinate bodies of the TPC, use or transfer for the use by Federal agencies represented on the TPC amounts in the Trust Fund, only as provided by appropriations Acts, for making expenditures for any of the following: 
commitments and obligations under the WTO Agreements and free trade agreements to which the United States is a party and resolve any actions by foreign countries that are inconsistent with those provisions, commitments, and obligations. 
and commitments and obligations under free trade agreements to which the United States is a party for purposes of systematically assessing, identifying, investigating, or initiating steps to address inconsistencies with those provisions, commitments, and obligations. 
petitions under section 302 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2412) requesting that action be taken under section 301 of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2411). 
the Trust Fund may not be used to offset costs of conducting negotiations for any free trade agreement to be entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, but may be used to support implementation and capacity building prior to entry into force of a free trade agreement. 
the United States shall conduct a study that includes the following: 
terms ‘‘Trade Policy Committee’’ and ‘‘TPC’’ mean the interagency organization established under section 242 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1872). 
Agreements’’ means the WTO Agreement and agreements annexed to that Agreement. 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE AND ECONOMIC POLICIES WITH CERTAIN MAJOR TRADING PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the macroeconomic and currency exchange rate policies of each country that is a major trading partner of the United States. 
(III) the change in that country’s current account balance as a percentage of its gross domestic product during the 3year period preceding the submission of the report; 
as a percentage of its gross domestic product; and 
and exchange rate policies for each country that is a major trading partner of the United States that has— 
(II) a material current account surplus; and (III) engaged in persistent onesided intervention in the foreign exchange market. 
(ii) a description of trends in the real effective 
exchange rate of the currency of that country and in the degree of undervaluation of that currency; 
(iii) an analysis of changes in the capital controls and trade restrictions of that country; and 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publicly describe the factors 
the causes of the undervaluation of its currency, its significant bilateral trade surplus with the United States, and its material current account surplus, including undervaluation and surpluses relating to exchange rate management; 
with respect to the adverse trade and economic effects of that undervaluation and those surpluses; 
United States economy greater than the benefits of such action; or 
Corporation from approving any new financing (including any insurance, reinsurance, or guarantee) with respect to a project located in that country on and after such date. 
States economy greater than the benefits of taking remedial action; or 
Urban Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
foreign country, dependent territory, or possession of a foreign country, and may include an association of 2 or more foreign countries, dependent territories, or possessions of countries into a customs union outside the United States. 
term ‘‘real effective exchange rate’’ means a weighted average of bilateral exchange rates, expressed in priceadjusted terms. 
President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
Speaker of the House of Representatives, upon the recommendation of the chairmen and ranking members of the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
for a term of 2 years or until the Committee terminates. 
continue to renew the Committee for successive 2year periods by taking appropriate action to renew the Committee prior to the date on which the Committee would otherwise terminate. 
from among its members a chairperson for a term of 2 years or until the Committee terminates. 
chairperson of the Committee may be reelected chairperson but is ineligible to serve consecutive terms as chairperson. 
shall make available to the Committee such staff, information, personnel, administrative services, and assistance as the Committee may reasonably require to carry out the activities of the Committee. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury for each fiscal year in which the Committee is in effect $1,000,000 to carry out this section. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘U.S. Customs 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended to read as follows: 
AND BORDER PROTECTION; COMMISSIONER, DEPUTY COMMISSIONER, AND OPERATIONAL OFFICES. 
Department an agency to be known as U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection a Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (in this section referred to as the ‘Commissioner’). 
the rulemaking power of the Senate, any nomination for the Commissioner submitted to the Senate for confirmation, and referred to a committee, shall be referred to the Committee on Finance. 
trade facilitation, and trade enforcement functions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
States to protect against the entry of dangerous goods; 
the United States is not diminished by efforts, activities, and programs aimed at securing the homeland; 
of persons who seek to enter or depart the United States; and 
to agricultural import and entry inspection referred to in section 421; 
of U.S. Customs and Border Protection are consistent with the obligations of the United States pursuant to international agreements; 
in U.S. Customs and Border Protection a Deputy Commissioner who shall assist the Commissioner in the management of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with primary responsibility for interdicting persons attempting to illegally enter or exit the United States or goods being illegally imported into or exported from the United States at a place other than a designated port of entry; 
Customs and Border Protection an office known as Air and Marine Operations. 
There shall be at the head of Air and Marine Operations an Executive Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
with international, Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies, as appropriate; 
and Marine Operations an Air and Marine Operations Center. 
the head of the Air and Marine Operations Center an Executive Director, who shall report to the Executive Assistant Commissioner of Air and Marine Operations. 
awareness of the Department, as directed by the Secretary; 
unmanned aerial systems operations of Air and Marine Operations in U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
‘‘(iii) detect, identify, and coordinate a response to threats to national security in the air domain, in coordination with other appropriate agencies, as determined by the Executive Assistant Commissioner; ‘‘(iv) provide aviation and marine support to 
Customs and Border Protection an Office of Field Operations. 
There shall be at the head of the Office of Field Operations an Executive Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
shall coordinate the enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection at United States air, land, and sea ports of entry to— 
weapons from entering the United States at such ports of entry; 
entry to safeguard the United States from terrorism and illegal entry of persons; 
facilitate and expedite the flow of legitimate travelers and trade; 
Commissioner for the Office of Trade with respect to the trade facilitation and trade enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
the head of the National Targeting Center an Executive Director, who shall report to the Executive Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Operations. 
operations within U.S. Customs and Border Protection to collect and analyze traveler and cargo information in advance of arrival in the United States to identify and address security risks and strengthen trade enforcement; 
‘‘(iv) develop and conduct commercial risk assessment targeting with respect to cargo destined for the United States; 
‘‘(vii) carry out other duties and powers prescribed by the Executive Assistant Commissioner. 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Executive Assistant Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the staffing model for the Office of Field Operations, including information on how many supervisors, frontline U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers, and support personnel are assigned to each Field Office and port of entry. 
may be submitted in classified form, if the Executive Assistant Commissioner determines that such is appropriate and informs the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate of the reasoning for such. 
at the head of the Office of Intelligence an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
Intelligence Officer of the Department, as appropriate, intelligencesharing relationships with Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies and intelligence agencies; 
Customs and Border Protection operations, including for nuclear and radiological risks; and 
Customs and Border Protection an Office of International Affairs. 
at the head of the Office of International Affairs an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
and Border Protection’s foreign initiatives, policies, programs, and activities; 
sharing agreements and arrangements with foreign governments, international organizations, and United States agencies in support of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s duties and responsibilities; 
training, and assistance to foreign customs and border control agencies to strengthen border, global supply chain, and travel security, as appropriate; 
foreign countries with respect to trade facilitation and trade enforcement; 
matters arising in the World Customs Organization and other international organizations as such matters relate to the policies and procedures of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
at the head of the Office of Professional Responsibility an Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner. 
matters and misconduct by officers, agents, and other employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
misconduct of officers, agents, and other employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and 
searching, reviewing, retaining, and sharing information contained in communication, electronic, or digital devices encountered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel at United States ports of entry; 
available procedures for processing and investigating complaints against officers, agents, and employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for violations of professional conduct, including the timely disposition of complaints and a written notification to the complainant of the status or outcome, as appropriate, of the related investigation, in accordance with section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act’ or the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’); 
through the Executive Assistant Commissioner for Air and Marine Operations and in coordination with the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties and the Office of Privacy of the Department, to provide command, control, communication, surveillance, and reconnaissance assistance through the use of unmanned aerial systems, including the establishment of— 
privacy of data and images collected by U.S. Customs and Border Protection through the use of unmanned aerial systems. 
conducted on an electronic device by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel, the Commissioner to notify the individual subject to such search of the purpose and authority for such search, and how such individual may obtain information on reporting concerns about such search; and 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection through a search of an electronic device, if such information is transmitted to another Federal agency for subject matter assistance, translation, or decryption, the Commissioner to notify the individual subject to such search of such transmission. 
shall review and update every three years the standard operating procedures required under this subsection. 
and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to such searches. 
deadly force by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel, the Commissioner to notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
for how long data and images collected through the use of unmanned aerial systems by U.S. 
‘‘(ii) a list of Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies that submitted mission requests in the previous year and the disposition of such requests. 
ensure that an individual apprehended by a U.S. Border Patrol agent or an Office of Field Operations officer is provided with information concerning such individual’s rights, including the right to contact a representative of such individual’s government for purposes of United States treaty obligations. 
this subsection, the term ‘shortterm detention’ means detention in a U.S. Customs and Border Protection processing center for 72 hours or less, before repatriation to a country of nationality or last habitual residence. 
date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the procurement process and standards of entities with which U.S. Customs and Border Protection has contracts for the transportation and detention of individuals apprehended by agents or officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Such report should also consider the operational efficiency of contracting the transportation and detention of such individuals. 
Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, for each of the five calendar years beginning in the calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, a report that includes compilations of all such wait times and a ranking of such United States airports by wait times; and 
Customs and Border Protection information center to ensure timely access for travelers attempting to submit comments or speak with a representative about their entry experiences. 
this section may be construed as affecting in any manner the authority, existing on the day before the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, of any other Federal agency or component of the Department. 
‘commercial operations’, ‘customs and trade laws of the United States’, ‘trade enforcement’, and ‘trade facilitation’ have the meanings given such terms in section 2 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Customs, Department of Homeland Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security’’. 
date of the enactment of this Act, any reference in law or regulations to the ‘‘Commissioner of Customs’’ or the ‘‘Commissioner of the Customs Service’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— 
striking ‘‘the Directorate of Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security.’’ and inserting ‘‘A Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection.’’; and 
(II) in section 402 (6 U.S.C. 202)— (aa) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
RESPONSIBILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ BORDER , MARI TIME , AND TRANSPORTATION RESPONSIBILITIES ’’; 
‘‘the United States Customs Service’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
(III) in section 413 (6 U.S.C. 213), by striking 
(IV) in section 414 (6 U.S.C. 214), by striking 
‘‘the United States Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
colon the following: ‘‘, and of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on the day before the effective date of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act’’; and 
colon the following: ‘‘, and of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on the day before the effective date of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Authorization Act’’; 
Act, the Transportation Security Administration shall be maintained as a distinct entity within the Department.’’; and 
striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Border Security’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’’ each place it appears; and 
(III) by amending section 444 (6 U.S.C. 254) to 
the Secretary may impose disciplinary action on any employee of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border Protection who willfully deceives Congress or agency leadership on any matter.’’. 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 201) is repealed. 
‘‘Subtitle A—Border, Maritime, and Transportation Security Responsibilities and Functions’’; 
of March 3, 1927 (44 Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2071 et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection an Office of Trade. 
There shall be at the head of the Office of Trade an Executive Assistant Commissioner, who shall report to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
and Border Protection with respect to the impact on trade facilitation and trade enforcement of any policy or regulation otherwise proposed or administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
Commissioner for the Office of Field Operations with respect to the trade facilitation and trade enforcement activities of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to the development and implementation of the joint strategic plan; 
policies and regulations adopted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection during the preceding calendar year; and 
interagency consultation that occurred with respect to each such change. 
after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Office of International Trade shall be abolished. 
International Trade’ means the Office of International Trade established by section 2 of this Act and as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
‘customs and trade laws of the United States’, ‘trade enforcement’, and ‘trade facilitation’ have the meanings given such terms in section 2 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015.’’. 
serving as the Assistant Commissioner of the Office of International Trade on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Executive Assistant Commissioner of Trade on and after such date of enactment, at the discretion of the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
the Act of March 3, 1927 (44. Stat. 1381, chapter 348; 19 U.S.C. 2072), as added by section 402 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–347; 120 Stat. 1924), is amended— 
of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the next five years, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Business Transformation Initiative, including locations where the Initiative is deployed, the types of equipment utilized, a description of protocols and procedures, information on wait times at such locations since deployment, and information regarding the schedule for deployment at new locations. 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall assess the physical infrastructure and technology needs at the 20 busiest land ports of entry (as measured by U.S. Customs and Border Protection) with a particular attention to identify ways to— 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the next three years, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on supervisorapproved personal searches conducted in the previous year by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel. Such report shall include the number of personal searches conducted in each sector and field office, the number of invasive personal searches conducted in each sector and field office, whether personal searches were conducted by Office of Field Operations or U.S. Border Patrol personnel, and how many personal searches resulted in the discovery of contraband. 
TRACK .—Not later than one year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a plan to create an agricultural specialist career track within U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Such plan shall include the following: 
funding for this program by stipulating that certain fees collected by U.S. Customs and Border Protection be used to fund FLAP. 
aided by having an officer at a port of entry who speaks their language, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection benefits by being able to focus its border security efforts in a more effective manner. 
Congress that FLAP incentivizes U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers to attain and 
maintain competency in a foreign language, thereby improving the efficiency of operations for the functioning of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s security mission, making the United States a more welcoming place when foreign travelers find officers can communicate in their language, and helping to expedite traveler processing to reduce wait times. 
Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
Pursuant to section 629 of the Tariff Act of 
days before an agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations in such foreign country enters into force, the Secretary shall provide the appropriate congressional committees with— 
with which U.S. Customs and Border Protection intends to enter into a preclearance agreement; 
preclearance operations will have on legitimate trade and travel, including potential impacts on passengers traveling to the United States; 
preclearance operations will have on U.S. Customs and Border Protection domestic port of entry staffing; 
vulnerabilities associated with commencing such preclearance operations and mitigation plans to address such potential security vulnerabilities; 
staffing model for such preclearance operations and plans for how such positions would be filled; and 
the 5 fiscal years after the agreement enters into force associated with commencing such preclearance operations. 
preclearance operations under such agreement, and other funding sources considered; 
the country in which such preclearance operations are to be established; 
to ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection has current information to prevent terrorist and criminal travel; and 
to be necessary for Congress to comprehensively assess the appropriateness of commencing such preclearance operations. 
under such preclearance agreement, after considering alternative options, would provide 
within such foreign country will be established under such agreement only if— 
preclearance operations in such foreign country will not significantly increase customs processing times at United States airports; 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection consulted with stakeholders, including providers of commercial air service in the United States, employees of such providers, security experts, and such other parties as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; and 
Not later than 30 days before a substantially amended preclearance agreement with the government of a foreign country in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act enters into force, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees— 
Protection officers, by port, assigned from domestic ports of entry to preclearance operations; and 
filled the positions of U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers that were reassigned to preclearance operations and determines that U.S. Customs and Border Protection processing times at domestic ports of entry from which U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers were reassigned to preclearance operations have significantly increased, the Commissioner, not later than 60 days after making such a determination, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an implementation plan for reducing processing times at the domestic ports of entry with such increased processing times. 
the United States at airports at which preclearance operations have been established in accordance with this paragraph, the Administrator shall ensure that Transportation Security Administration personnel rescreen passengers arriving from such airports and their property in the United States before such passengers are permitted into sterile areas of airports in the United States.’’. 
The Secretary may not enter into an agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish or maintain U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations at an airport in such country unless the Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that such government— 
and stolen passports of its citizens and nationals to INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Document database; or 
United States Government through another comparable means of reporting. 
authority’s payment to U.S. Customs and Border Protection for its initial preclearance operations costs may be made in advance of the incurrence of the costs or on a reimbursable basis. 
to the currently applicable appropriation, account, or fund of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
the purposes for which such appropriation, account, or fund is authorized to be used; and 
or reimbursements not used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection may be returned to the relevant airport authority. 
subsection may be construed to preclude the use of appropriated funds from sources other than the payments collected under this subtitle to pay initial preclearance operation costs. 
‘‘initial preclearance operations costs’’ means the costs incurred, or expected to be incurred, by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to establish or maintain preclearance operations at an airport in a foreign country, including costs relating to— 
Customs and Border Protection officers who will be stationed at United States domestic ports of entry or other U.S. Customs and Border Protection facilities to backfill U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers to be stationed at an airport in a foreign country to conduct preclearance operations; and 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel necessary to prepare for the establishment or maintenance of preclearance operations at such airport, including the compensation, travel expenses, and allowances payable to such personnel attributable to such visits. 
FUNDS COLLECTED FOR IMMIGRATION INSPECTION SERVICES AND PRECLEARANCE ACTIVITIES. 
to the currently applicable appropriation, account, or fund of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
which such appropriation, account, or fund is authorized to be used; and 
this subtitle shall only apply to the establishment of preclearance operations in a foreign country in which no preclearance operations have been established as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
consumers in the United States, and the economic growth of the United States. 
that may be entered informally and free of duty provide significant economic benefits to businesses and consumers in the United States and the economy of the United States through costs savings and reductions in trade transaction costs. 
Congress that the United States Trade Representative should encourage other countries, through bilateral, regional, and multilateral fora, to establish commercially meaningful de minimis values for express and postal shipments that are exempt from customs duties and taxes and from certain entry documentation requirements, as appropriate. 
the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1641) is amended— 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
of chapter 98 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by adding at the end the following: 
and 9802.00.50, fungible articles exported from the United States for the purposes described in such subheadings— 
such articles may be accounted for using an inventory management method. 
management method under this paragraph with respect to fungible articles, the person shall use 
the same inventory management method for any other articles with respect to which the person claims fungibility under this paragraph. 
means any method for managing inventory that is based on generally accepted accounting principles.’’. 
by this subsection applies to articles classifiable under subheading 9802.00.40 or 9802.00.50 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States that are entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
heading 9801.00.10 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting after ‘‘exported’’ the following: ‘‘, or any other products when returned within 3 years after having been exported’’. 
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT PROPERTY RETURNED TO THE UNITED STATES .— 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9801.00.11 United States Government property, returned to the United States without 
OF BULK CARGO CONTAINED IN INSTRUMENTS OF INTERNATIONAL TRAFFIC PREVIOUSLY EXPORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES. 
Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended— 
‘‘(vii) residue of bulk cargo contained in instruments of international traffic previously exported from the United States,’’; and 
merchandise in international traffic, and any additional articles or classes of articles that the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection designates as instruments of international traffic.’’. 
merchandise by the manufacturer or producer of such articles’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of importation of such imported merchandise’’; 
evidenced by business records kept in the normal course of business and no additional certificates of transfer or manufacture shall be required. 
‘‘(ii) substituted for source material containing that sought chemical element, without regard to whether the sought chemical element and the source material are classifiable under the same 8digit HTS subheading number, and apportioned quantitatively, as appropriate. 
In this paragraph, the term ‘sought chemical element’ means an element listed in the Periodic Table of Elements that is imported into the United States or a chemical compound consisting of those elements, either separately in elemental form or contained in source material.’’. 
‘‘under a certificate of delivery’’ each place it appears; 
Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
claiming drawback under this section based on the exportation of an article shall provide proof of the exportation of the article. Such proof of exportation— 
records kept in the normal course of business or through an electronic export system of the United States Government, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection.’’. 
claim is filed’’ after ‘‘the date of importation’’; and 
merchandise classifiable under the same 8digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, directly or indirectly from the person who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees imposed under Federal law upon importation or entry and due on the imported merchandise (and any such transferred merchandise, regardless of its origin, will be treated as the imported merchandise and any retained merchandise will be treated as domestic merchandise);’’; and 
merchandise are classifiable under the same 10 digit HTS statistical reporting number; and 
HTS statistical reporting number does not begin with the term ‘other’. 
drawback claimant may use the first 8 digits of the 10digit Schedule B number for merchandise or an article to determine if the merchandise or article is classifiable under the same 8digit HTS subheading number as the imported merchandise, without regard to whether the Schedule B number corresponds to more than one 8digit HTS subheading number. 
means the Department of Commerce Schedule B, Statistical Classification of Domestic and Foreign Commodities Exported from the United States.’’. 
for drawback under this section shall be liable for the full amount of the drawback claimed. 
shall be liable for any drawback claim made by another person with respect to merchandise imported by the importer in an amount equal to the lesser of— 
that the person claimed with respect to the imported merchandise; or 
that the importer authorized the other person to claim with respect to the imported merchandise. 
provided for in this section shall be subject to compliance with such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. 
that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations for determining the calculation of amounts refunded as drawback under this section. 
the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— 
that would apply to the exported article if the exported article were imported; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an article that is destroyed, 
the amount of the refund shall be an amount that is— 
that would apply to the destroyed article if the destroyed article were imported; and 
the amount of the refund shall be equal to 99 percent of the lesser of— 
that would apply to the substituted merchandise if the substituted merchandise were imported; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an article that is destroyed, 
the amount of the refund shall be an amount that is— 
that would apply to the substituted merchandise if the substituted merchandise were imported; and 
of the United States’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘HTS’’; and 
the following: ‘‘The party transferring the merchandise shall maintain records kept in the normal course of business to demonstrate the transfer.’’. 
the following: ‘‘A drawback entry shall be filed or applied for, as applicable, not later than 5 years after the date on which merchandise on which drawback is claimed was imported.’’; 
Customs Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; 
Customs Service’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’; and 
the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 shall be filed electronically.’’. 
that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘certifies that the transferred merchandise was not and will not be claimed by the predecessor.’’. 
Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1313) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
transfer of merchandise or an article from one person to another person without any intermediate transfer. 
a transfer of merchandise or an article from one person to another person with one or more intermediate transfers.’’. 
drawback and refunds under section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended by this section. 
to drawback claims filed on or after the date that is 2 years after such date of enactment. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 2 years after such date of enactment, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on— 
period beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, a person may elect to file a claim for drawback under— 
effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
program, including an identification of the authority under which the program operates. 
which U.S. Customs and Border Protection entered into the agreement and the amount that entity reimbursed U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the agreement. 
entry to which the agreement relates and an assessment of how the agreement provides economic benefits and security benefits (if applicable) at the port of entry. 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection under the agreement during the year preceding the submission of the report. 
received by U.S. Customs and Border Protection during that year regarding the agreement. 
by U.S. Customs and Border Protection at the airport from— 
under the agreement, including fees paid by passengers and air carriers; and 
fee agreements for the provision of U.S. Customs and Border Protection services established by section 560 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2013 (division D of Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 378); 
and Border Protection collects a fee for the use of customs services at designated facilities under section 236 of the Trade and Tariff Act of 1984 (19 U.S.C. 58b); or 
title VIII of this Act authorizing U.S. Customs and Border Protection to establish preclearance operations in foreign countries. 
and Border Protection may assign a sufficient number of employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (if available) to perform services described in clause (ii) for a charter air carrier (as defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code) for a charter flight arriving after normal operating hours at an airport that is an established port of entry serviced by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, notwithstanding that overtime funds for those services are not available, if the charter air carrier— 
arrives, specifically requests that such services be provided; and 
‘‘(II) pays any overtime fees incurred in connection with such services. 
‘‘(ii) Services described in this clause are customs services for passengers and their baggage or any other similar service that could lawfully be performed during regular hours of operation.’’. 
ally in the Middle East—an area of paramount strategic importance to the United States. 
services is traded annually between the two countries, in addition to roughly $10,000,000,000 in United States foreign direct investment in Israel. 
and find new opportunities to enhance cooperation with Israel, including through the enactment of the United StatesIsrael Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 150; 22 U.S.C. 8601 et seq.) and the United StatesIsrael Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296; 128 Stat. 4075). 
Government to combat all elements of the Arab League Boycott of Israel by— 
(Public Law 94–455; 90 Stat. 1520) that denies certain tax benefits to entities abiding by the Boycott; 
with Bahrain and Oman that such countries no longer participate in the Boycott; and 
the World Trade Organization that Saudi Arabia no longer enforces the secondary or tertiary elements of the Boycott. 
commercial relations to the pursuit and sustainability of peace, and supports efforts to bring together the United States, Israel, the Palestinian territories, and others in enhanced commerce; 
penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel, such as boycotts of, divestment from, or sanctions against Israel; 
or prosecutions by governments or international organizations of United States persons solely on the basis of such persons doing business with Israel, with Israeli entities, or in any territory controlled by Israel. 
principal trade negotiating objectives of the United States for proposed trade agreements with foreign countries regarding commercial partnerships are the following: 
partners that directly or indirectly prejudice or otherwise discourage commercial activity solely between the United States and Israel. 
unsanctioned foreign boycotts of Israel, or compliance with the Arab League Boycott of Israel, by prospective trading partners. 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and applies with respect to negotiations commenced before, on, or after such date of enactment. 
OFBOYCOTT OF , DIVESTMENT FROM, ANDSANCTIONS AGAINST ISRAEL .— 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on politically motivated boycotts of, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel. 
by the United States to encourage foreign countries and international organizations to cease creating such barriers and to dismantle measures already in place, and an assessment of the effectiveness of such steps. 
by the United States to prevent investigations or prosecutions by governments or international organizations of United States persons solely on the basis of such persons doing business with 
corporate entities and stateaffiliated financial institutions, that limit or prohibit economic relations with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in any territory controlled by Israel. 
other provision of law, no domestic court shall recognize or enforce any foreign judgment entered against a United States person that conducts business operations in Israel, or any territory controlled by Israel, if the domestic court determines that the foreign judgment is based, in whole or in part, on a determination by a foreign court that the United States person’s conducting business operations in Israel or any territory controlled by Israel or with Israeli entities constitutes a violation of law. 
divestment from, and sanctions against Israel’’ means actions by states, nonmember states of the United Nations, international organizations, or affiliated agencies of international organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in any territory controlled by Israel. 
court’’ means a Federal court of the United States, or a court of any State or territory of the United States or of the District of Columbia. 
court’’ means a court, an administrative body, or other tribunal of a foreign country. 
judgment’’ means a final civil judgment rendered by a foreign court. 
person or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence into the United States; or 
government or governmental entity that is not operating as a business enterprise. 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) is amended by striking ‘‘The provisions of this section’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the United States.’’. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on compliance with section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) that includes the following: 
Section 501 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 
of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
360081 and D 378179)’’ and inserting ‘‘(see current version of ASTM D7017)’’; and 
Test Method 351985.’’ and inserting ‘‘in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35.’’; and 
‘‘(ii) pockets, at least one of which has a 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of closure; 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, including hidden leg sleeves with a means of tightening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem for jackets; 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles or cuffs; 
skirt or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem; 
textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with plastics, as described in note 2 to chapter 59. 
have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding or a similar process so that air and water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
overalls and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
protection’ means insulation that meets a minimum clo value of 1.5 per ASTM F 2732. 
refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets or other means. 
a closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps or other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
‘‘(ix) The term ‘multiadjustable hood or adjustable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incorporated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, 
adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck or face. 
‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the elements. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means construction at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usually diamond or triangularshaped, designed or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
to unrestricted, 180degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. ‘‘(xiii) The term ‘odor control technology’ 
means the incorporation into a fabric or garment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odorcausing bacteria. 
means outerwear garments, including uniforms, of a kind principally used in the work place and specially designed to provide protection from work place hazards such as fire, electrical, abrasion or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts and 
goods meet the terms of this note, including such information as is necessary to demonstrate the presence of the specific features that render the goods eligible for classification as ‘recreational performance outerwear’.’’. 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
through 6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6201.91.03 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.5% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 14.9 ¢/kg +5.9% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.5% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 14.9 ¢/kg +5.9% 
6201.92.20 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6201.92.05 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6201.92.30 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
6201.93.35 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6201.93.15 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6201.93.15 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
6201.93.45 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.5 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6201.93.50 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
6201.93.55 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.5 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
through 6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6202.91.03 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.2% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 10.8 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.2% (OM)58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) ...10.8 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
superior text to subheading 6202.92.03 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect 
on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6202.92.03 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 90% 
6202.92.25 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
6202.93.50 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6202.93.01 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6202.93.01 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
6202.93.05 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 43.4 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
6202.93.15 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
6202.93.45 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 43.4 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 46.3 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6202.99.03 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA,MX, OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
through 6203.41.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.41 having the same degree of indentation as 
the article description for subheading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 2.2% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 12.5 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 12.5 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.5% (OM) 63% 
6203.41.25 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 2.2% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg +58.5% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 12.5 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 12.5 ¢/kg + 4.8% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 2.5% (OM) 63% ’’. 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6203.41.20 of such Schedule before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6203.41.08 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6203.42.03 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in 
effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6203.42.03 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO, MA,MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 9.9% (KR) 90% 
6203.42.17 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 9.9% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6203.43.01 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6203.43.01 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA,MX,OM, P, PA,PE,SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 76% 
6203.43.09 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.6 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE,SG) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE,SG) 1.4% (KR) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 5.5% (KR) 90% 
6203.43.45 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO,IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 76% 
6203.43.70 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.6 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE,SG) 1.4% (KR) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 5.5% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6203.49.80 and the immediate superior text to subheading 6203.49.10, and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6203.49.01 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.49.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P,PA,PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO,MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 0.5% (KR)35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P,PA,PE, SG) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX,OM, P,PA,PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO,MA, MX,OM, P,PA,PE, SG) 0.5% (KR) 35% ’’. 
through 6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6204.61.05 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.2% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4% (OM) 58.5% 
6204.61.60 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, without 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 2.2% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL,JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4% (OM) 58.5% ’’. 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6204.62.03 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6204.62.03 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 9.9% (KR) 90% 
6204.62.50 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL,CO, E, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 9.9% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the following, with the superior text to subheading 6204.63.01 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6204.63.01 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
6204.63.08 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 13.6% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 58.5% 
(AU,BH,CA, CL,CO, IL,JO, MA,MX,OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 5.7% (KR) 90% 
6204.63.50 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage and 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO,KR, MA,MX,OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 76% 
6204.63.70 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 13.6% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE,SG) 5.7% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6204.69.90 and the immediate superior text to subheading 6204.69.10, and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the 
same degree of indentation as the article description of subheading 6204.69.10 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
6204.69.02 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 13.6% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 58.5% 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL,CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,MA,MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 76% 
6204.69.22 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ......... 13.6% Free (AU,BH, 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 58.5% 
CA, CL,CO, IL, JO,KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL,CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL,CO, E*,IL, JO, KR,MA,MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL,CO, E*, IL, JO, KR,MA,MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
through 6210.40.90 and the immediate superior text to subheading 6210.40.30, and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the 
same degree of indentation as the immediate superior text to subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6210.40.15 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, OM,P, PA,PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.28 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6210.40.35 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.75 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
through 6210.50.90 and the immediate superior text to subheading 6210.50.30, and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the 
same degree of indentation as the immediate superior text to subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
6210.50.03 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM,P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM,P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.12 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P,PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
6210.50.35 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM,P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM,P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.75 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.3% Free (AU, BH, 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.33 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in effect on the day 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA ,PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 76% ’’. 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6211.33.00 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6211.33.50 and 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.6% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.6% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6211.39.05 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6211.39.03 and 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.43 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in effect on the day 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 90% ’’. 
of duty proclaimed for subheading 6211.43.00 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the effective date of this section shall apply to subheadings 6211.43.05 and 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the following, with the first superior text having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.49.90 (as in effect on the day before the effective date of this section): 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA,PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA ,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.6% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.4% (KR) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE,SG) 3.6% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX,OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.4% (KR) 35% ’’. 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
matter in the column 1 special rate of duty column and inserting the following: ‘‘Free (AU,BH,CA,CL,D,IL,JO,MA,MX,P,R,SG) 1%(PA) 6%(OM) 6%(PE) 12%(CO) 20%(KR)’’; and 
matter in the column 1 special rate of duty column and inserting the following: ‘‘Free (AU,BH,CA,CL,D,IL,JO,MA,MX,P,R,SG) 1%(PA) 6%(OM) 6%(PE) 12%(CO) 20%(KR)’’. 
of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 129 Stat. 414) is amended to read as follows: 
calendar year 2016, the staged reductions in special rates of duty proclaimed before the date of the enactment of this Act— 
this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 129 Stat. 362). 
(II) before the date of the enactment of this 
(ii) to which a lower rate of duty would be applicable if the entry were made after such date of enactment, 
establish obligations for the United States regarding greenhouse gas emissions measures, including obligations that require changes to United States laws or regulations or that would affect the implementation of such laws or regulations, other than those fulfilling the other negotiating objectives in this section.’’. 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish 
United States exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish products in foreign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish products in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish products, including by reducing or eliminating tariff and nontariff barriers; 
‘‘(II) be accompanied by supporting documentation providing credible evidence of each such concrete action, including copies of relevant laws or regulations adopted or modified, and any enforcement actions taken, by that country, where appropriate; and 
DETERMINATIONS .—If a country is listed as a tier 
3 country in an annual report on trafficking in persons submitted in calendar year 2014 or any calendar year thereafter and, in the annual report on trafficking in persons submitted in the next calendar year, is listed on the tier 2 watch list, the President shall submit a detailed description of the credible evidence supporting the change in listing of the country, accompanied by copies of documents providing such evidence, where appropriate, to the appropriate congressional committees— 
in the annual report on trafficking in persons submitted in calendar year 2015, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a change in listing reflected in an annual report on trafficking in persons submitted in calendar year 2016 or any calendar year thereafter, not later than 90 days after the submission of that report. 
Congress that the integrity of the process for making the determinations in the annual report on trafficking in persons, including determinations with respect to country rankings and the substance of the assessments in the report, should be respected and not affected by unrelated considerations. 
‘‘(ii) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(II) the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. ‘‘(iii) TIER 2 WATCH LIST .—The term ‘tier 2 
Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 is amended— 
by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 
(Public Law 114–26; 129 Stat. 320; 19 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). 
(II) in the case of a textile or apparel article, 
Nepal is the country of origin of the article, as determined under section 102.21 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act); 
(iii) the article is classified under any of the 
following subheadings of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
the cost or value of the materials produced in, 
and the direct costs of processing operations performed in, Nepal or the customs territory of the United States is not less than 35 percent of 
the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. 
or (ii) mere dilution with water or mere dilution 
with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the article. 
the appraised value of the article at the time it 
April 1, July 1, and October 1 of each calendar year, the Commissioner shall verify that textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this section are not being unlawfully transshipped into the United States. 
Nepal has severe challenges reaching markets and developing capacity to export goods. As of 2015, exports from Nepal are approximately $800,000,000 per year, with India the major market at $450,000,000 annually. The United States imports about $80,000,000 worth of goods from Nepal, or 10 percent of the total goods exported from Nepal. 
the overall export competitiveness of Nepal has been declining since 2005. Indices compiled by the World Bank and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development found that export costs in Nepal are high with respect to both air cargo and container shipments relative to other lowincome countries. Such indices also identify particular weaknesses in Nepal with respect to automation of customs and other trade functions, involvement of local exporters and importers in preparing regulations and trade rules, and export finance. 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall, in consultation with the Government of Nepal, establish a trade facilitation and capacity building program for Nepal— 
agency of Nepal to support successful exporters and to build awareness among potential exporters in Nepal about opportunities abroad and ways to manage trade documentation and regulations in the United States and other countries; 
and exporters, through publication of such guides on the Internet, including rules and documentation for United States tariff preference programs. 
under this section shall remain in effect after December 31, 2025. 
section shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–26; 19 U.S.C. 4206) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘MANHOLE RINGS OR FRAMES , COVERS , ANDASSEMBLIES THEREOF ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ASTINGS ’’; 
grates, lampposts, lamppost bases, cast utility poles, bollards, hydrants, utility boxes,’’ before ‘‘manhole rings,’’; and 
following: ‘‘in a location such that it will remain visible after installation’’. 
IN SUBMISSION OF NOMINATION FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE. 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States imposes duties on imported goods for 
which there is no domestic availability or insufficient domestic availability. 
States if the Harmonized Tariff Schedule were updated regularly and predictably to eliminate such artificial distortions by suspending or reducing duties on such goods. 
United States around the world would be enhanced if the Harmonized Tariff Schedule were updated regularly and predictably to suspend or reduce duties on such goods. 
Congress that, to remove the competitive disadvantage to United States manufacturers and consumers resulting from the imposition of such duties and to promote the competitiveness of United States manufacturers, the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives are urged to advance, as soon as possible, after consultation with the public and Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a regular and predictable legislative process for the temporary suspension and reduction of duties that is consistent with the rules of the Senate and the House. 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— 
of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘$135’’ and inserting ‘‘$205’’. 
by this section shall apply to returns required to be filed in calendar years after 2015. 
The managers on the part of the House and 
the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 644), to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and recommended in the accompanying conference report: 
House bill after the enacting clause and inserted a substitute text. 
Senate amendment after the enacting clause and inserted a substitute text. 
to the amendment of the House with an amendment that is a substitute for the House amendment and the Senate amendment. The differences between the Senate amendment, the House amendment, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for clerical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the conferees, and minor drafting and clarifying changes. 
Terrorism (C–TPAT), codified in the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act (SAFE Port Act) of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.), is a voluntary trade partnership program in which Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and members of the trade community work together to secure and facilitate the movement of legitimate trade. Companies that are members of C–TPAT are considered low risk, which expedites cargo clearance based on the company’s security profile and compliance history. 
CBP to work with the private sector and other Federal agencies to ensure that all CBP partnership programs provide trade benefits to participants. This would apply to partnership programs established before enactment of this bill, and any programs established after enactment. It establishes elements for the development and operation of any such partnership programs, which require the Commissioner to: 1) consult with private sector entities, the public, and other Federal agencies when appropriate, to ensure that participants receive commercially significant and measurable trade benefits; 2) ensure an integrated and transparent system of trade benefits and compliance requirements for all CBP partnership programs; 3) consider consolidating partnership programs in situations in which doing so would support the objectives of such programs, increase participation, enhance trade benefits, and enhance the allocation of resources of CBP; 4) coordinate with the Director of ICE, and other Federal agencies with authority to detain and release merchandise; and 5) ensure that trade benefits are provided to participants in partnership programs. 
submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that: 1) identifies 
each partnership program; 2) for each program, identifies the requirements for participation, benefits provided to participants, the number of participants, and in the case of a program that provides for participation at multiple tiers, the number of participants at each such tier; 3) identifies the number of participants enrolled in more than one program; 4) assesses the effectiveness of each program in advancing the security, trade enforcement, and trade facilitation missions of CBP; 5) summarizes CBP’s efforts to work with other Federal agencies to detain and release merchandise entering the United States to ensure that partnership programs of those agencies are compatible with CBP partnership programs; 6) summarizes criteria developed with those agencies for authorizing the release, on an expedited basis, of merchandise for which documentation is required from one or more of those agencies to clear or license the merchandise for entry into the United States; 7) summarizes CBP efforts to work with the private sector and the public to develop partnership programs; 8) describes measures taken by CBP to make the private sector aware of trade benefits available to participants in partnership programs; and 9) summarizes CBP’s plans, targets, and goals with respect to partnership programs for the two years following submission of the report. 
the same as section 101 of the House amendment with the exception of a difference in the recipients of the report required in this section. 
General of the United States to submit a report on the effectiveness of trade enforcement activities of CBP to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, no later than one year after the date of enactment of the bill. 
shall include: 1) a description of the use of resources, results of audits and verifications, targeting, organization, and training of CBP personnel; and 2) a description of trade enforcement activities to address undervaluation, transshipment, legitimacy of entities making entry, protection of revenue, fraud prevention and detection, and penalties, including intentional misclassification, inadequate bonding, and other misrepresentations. 
TRADE FACILITATION , AND TRADE ENFORCE MENT FUNCTIONS AND PROGRAMS  
the same as section 103 of the House amendment with the exception of a difference in the recipients of the report and consultations required in this section. 
SECTION 104 . EDUCATIONAL SEMINARS TO IM PROVE EFFORTS TO CLASSIFY AND APPRAISE  
IMPORTED ARTICLES TO IMPROVE TRADE EN FORCEMENT EFFORTS , AND TO OTHERWISE FA CILITATE LEGITIMATE INTERNATIONAL TRADE  
of CBP and the Director of ICE to establish and carry out educational seminars for CBP 
their ability to classify and appraise imported articles, improve trade enforcement efforts, and otherwise improve the ability and effectiveness of CBP and ICE to facilitate legitimate trade. 
establish a process to solicit, evaluate and select interested parties in the private sector to assist in providing instruction. 
give special consideration to carrying out educational seminars dedicated to improving the ability of CBP to enforce antidumping and countervailing duty orders upon the request of a petitioner. 
and the Director to establish performance standards to measure the development and level of achievement of educational seminars under this section. 
and the Director to submit an annual report to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives on the effectiveness of the educational seminars. 
the same as section 104 of the House amendment except for a difference in the recipients of the report required in this section. 
of CBP and the Director of ICE to create and submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a biennial joint strategic plan on trade facilitation and trade enforcement. 
plan to contain a comprehensive plan for trade facilitation and trade enforcement that includes: 1) a summary of the actions taken during the 2year period preceding submission of the plan to improve trade facilitation and trade enforcement; 2) a statement of objectives and plans for further improving trade facilitation and trade enforcement; 3) a specific identification of priority trade issues that can be addressed to enhance trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 4) a description of efforts made to improve consultation and coordination among and within Federal agencies; 5) a description of training that has occurred within CBP and ICE to improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 6) a description of efforts to work with the World Customs Organization and other international organizations with respect to enhancing trade facilitation and trade enforcement; 7) a description of CBP organizational benchmarks for optimizing 
staffing and wait times at ports of entry; 8) a specific identification of any domestic or international best practices that may further improve trade enforcement and trade facilitation; 9) any legislative recommendations to further improve trade facilitation and trade enforcements; and 10) a description of efforts to improve consultation and coordination with the private sector to enhance trade facilitation and trade enforcement. 
and the Director to consult with the appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate officials from relevant law enforcement agencies, international organizations, and interested parties in the private sector. 
Section 411 of the Tariff Act of 1930 requires the Secretary of Treasury to establish the National Customs Automation Program, an automated and electronic system for processing commercial importations. 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 provides an authorization for appropriations from the Customs Commercial and Homeland Security Automation Account in fiscal years 2003 through 2005 such amounts as are available in that Account for the development, establishment, and implementation of the Automated Commercial Environment (ACE) computer system for the processing of merchandise that is entered or released and for other purposes related to the functions of the Department of Homeland Security. 
of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 to update fiscal years 2003 through 2005 to fiscal years 2016 through 2018, to update the amount to be allocated to ACE to ‘‘not less than $153,736,000,’’ and to 
make clear that these funds shall be used to complete the development and implementation of ACE. 
the Customs Border Security Act of 2002 to require two reports from the Commissioner in regards to ACE. The Commissioner is required to submit a report no later than December 31, 2016, to the Senate Appropriations Committee and Finance Committee, and the House of Representatives Appropriations Committee and Ways and Means Committee, updates on the implementation of ACE, incorporation of all core trade processing capabilities, components that have not been implemented, and additional components needed to realize the full implementation and operation of the program. The Commissioner is required to submit a second report no later than September 30, 2017, providing updates to the relevant Congressional committees from the prior report, as well as evaluations on the effectiveness of implementation of ACE and details of the percentage of trade processed in ACE every month since September 30, 2016. 
the same as section 106 of the House amendment. 
Tariff Act of 1930 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to work with the head of each Federal agency participating in ITDS and the Interagency Steering Committee to ensure that each agency: 1) develops and maintains the necessary information technology infrastructure to support the operation of ITDS and to submit all data to ITDS electronically; 2) enters into a memorandum of understanding to provide information sharing between the agency and CBP for the operation and maintenance of ITDS; 3) identifies and transmits admissibility criteria and data elements required by the agency to authorize the release of cargo by CBP for incorporation into ACE, no later than June 30, 2016; and 4) utilizes ITDS as the primary means of receiving the standard set of data and other relevant documentation from users, no later than December 31, 2016. 
the same as section 107 of the House amendment. 
Homeland Security to consult with the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives at least thirty days before the initiation of mutual recognition arrangement negotiations and at least thirty days before entering into any mutual recognition arrangement. 
States have as a negotiating objective in any negotiation for a mutual recognition arrangement with a foreign country on partnership programs to seek to ensure the compatibility of the foreign country’s partnership program with the partnership programs of CBP in order to enhance security, trade facilitation, and trade enforcement. 
the same as section 108 of the House bill, except that the Senate amendment does not include as a negotiating objective an enhancement of security when CBP seeks to ensure the compatibility of partnership programs of foreign countries. The amendments also differ in the recipients of the required report. 
Operations (COAC) of the United States Customs Service was established in the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987. The Department of the Treasury Order No. 100–16, effective May 23, 2003, specified that COAC would be administered jointly by the Department of the Treasury and Department of Homeland Security. 
Treasury and the Secretary of Homeland Security to jointly establish a Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee (COAC). 
COAC, which shall be to: 1) advise the Secretaries of the Treasury and Homeland Security on all matters involving the commercial operations of CBP and the investigations of ICE; 2) provide recommendations to the Secretaries on improvements that CBP and ICE should make to their commercial operations and investigations; 3) collaborate in developing the agenda for COAC meetings; and 4) perform other functions relating to the commercial operations of CBP and the investigations of ICE as prescribed by law or as directed by the Secretaries. 
shall meet at the call of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or twothirds of the membership of COAC; 2) COAC shall meet at least four times each calendar year; and 3) that COAC meetings shall be open to the public unless the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that the meeting will include matters the disclosure of which would compromise the development of policies, priorities, or negotiating objectives or positions that could impact the commercial operations of CBP of the operations or investigations of ICE. 
annual report to the Senate Committee on Finance and the House Committee on Ways and Means that describes the activities of COAC during the preceding fiscal year and sets forth any recommendations of COAC regarding the commercial operations of CBP. 
the same as section 109 of the House amendment. 
to submit a report to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives no later than December 31, 2016 describing the scope, functions and structure of the CEEs; the effectiveness of the CEEs in improving enforcement efforts; the benefits to the trade community; applicable performance measurements; the performance of each CEE in facilitating trade; and any planned changes to the CEEs. 
similar to section 110 of the House amendment except the House amendment requires the CEEs to use targeting information from the National Targeting Center at CBP, while the Senate amendment requires the CEEs to use targeting information from the Commercial Targeting Division established in the amendment. The amendments also differ in the recipients of the required report. 
of the Trade Act of 2002 to establish that the information collected pursuant to regulations shall be used exclusively for ensuring cargo safety and security, prevent smuggling, and commercial risk assessment targeting, and shall not be used for any commercial enforcement purposes, including for determining merchandise entry. 
of an NTAG for, at a minimum, each of the following priority trade issues (PTIs): 1) agricultural programs; 2) antidumping and countervailing duties; 3) import safety; 4) intellectual property rights; 5) revenue; 6) textiles and wearing apparel; and 7) trade agreements and preference programs. The Commissioner may alter the PTIs in consultation with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. 
The duties of each NTAG include: 1) directing the trade enforcement and compliance assessment activities of CBP as they relate to the each NTAG’s PTI; 2) facilitating, promoting, and coordinating cooperation and the exchange of information between CBP, ICE, and other relevant Federal departments and agencies regarding each NTAG’s PTI; and 3) serving as the primary liaison between CBP and the public regarding United States Government activities related to each NTAG’s PTI. 
Director and NTAG Directors to issue Trade Alerts to port directors to ensure compliance 
with U.S. customs and trade laws. The Trade Alert may direct further inspection or physical examination or testing of merchandise by port personnel if certain riskassessment thresholds are met. A port director may determine not to carry out the direction of the Trade Alerts if the port director finds such a determination is justified by security interests and the port director notifies the Assistant Commissioners of the Office of Field Operations and the Office of International Trade of such a determination. The Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Field Operations must compile an annual report of all determinations by port directors to override Trade Alerts and evaluate the utilization of Trade Alerts. 
of the Trade Act of 2002 (19 U.S.C. 2071 note), to indicate that information collected pursuant to the regulations shall be used exclusively for ensuring cargo safety and security, preventing smuggling, and commercial risk assessment targeting, and shall not be used for any commercial enforcement purposes, including for determining merchandise entry. 
the same as section 112 of the House amendment. 
Homeland Security and the Treasury to jointly submit a report to the Senate Committee on Finance and the House Committee on Ways and Means on efforts undertaken by CBP to ensure the secure transportation of merchandise in bond through the United 
States and the collection of revenue owed upon the entry of such merchandise into the United States for consumption. The report must be submitted no later than December 31 of 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
the same as section 113 of the House amendment. 
Homeland Security to establish an importer of record program to assign and maintain importer of record numbers. 
Homeland Security to submit a report to the Senate Committee on Finance and the House Committee on Ways and Means on the establishment of the importer of record program no later than one year after enactment of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
the same as section 114 of the House amendment. 
to establish a new importer program that directs CBP to adjust bond amounts for new 
requires CBP to: 1) develop riskbased criteria to assess new importers; 2) develop risk assessment guidelines for new importers to determine if and to what extent to adjust the bond amounts and increase screening of imports of new importers; 3) develop procedures to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers relating to the enforcement of priority trade issues; 4) develop procedures to ensure increased oversight by Centers of Excellence and Expertise; and 5) establish a centralized database of new importers to ensure the accuracy of information provided by new importers pursuant to the requirements of this section. 
the same as section 115 of the House amendment. 
House amendment and the Senate amendment except that the Commissioner is required to establish a program that directs CBP to adjust bond amounts for importers, including new importers and nonresident importers, based on the level of risk assessed by CBP for revenue protection. 
In establishing this program, CBP is required to: 1) develop riskbased guidelines to determine if and to what extent to adjust bond amounts and screen imported products of importers, including new and nonresident importers; 2) develop procedures to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers, including new nonresident importers, relating to the enforcement of the priority trade issues; 3) develop procedures to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers, including new nonresident importers, by Centers of Excellence and Expertise; and 4) establish a centralized database of new importers, including new nonresident importers, to ensure the accuracy of information provided by such importers pursuant to the requirements of this section. The requirements of this section shall not apply to any importer that is a validated Tier 2 or Tier 3 participant in the CustomsTrade Partnership Against Terrorism program established under subtitle B of title II of the SAFE Port Act (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.). 
No later than two years after the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report detailing: 1) the risk assessment guidelines required by this section; 2) the procedures developed to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers, including new non resident importers, relating to the enforcement of priority trade issues; 3) the procedures developed to ensure increased oversight of imported products of new importers, including new nonresident importers, by Centers of Excellence and Expertise; and 4) 
the number of bonds adjusted based on the risk assessment guidelines required by this section. 
Section 641 of the Tariff Act of 1930 establishes requirements and procedures for customs brokers in acquiring a license or permit, disciplinary proceedings, and judicial appeals of revocation or suspension of a broker’s license. 
Tariff Act of 1930 by inserting a new provision that requires the Secretary of Homeland 
to submit a report to Congress no later than 180 days after enactment of this bill containing recommendations for determining the most timely and effective way to require foreign nationals to provide customs brokers with appropriate and accurate information (comparable to that which is required of United States nationals concerning the identity, address and other related information), and for establishing a system for customs brokers to review information maintained by relevant Federal agencies for purposes of verifying the identities of importers, including nonresident importers, seeking to import merchandise into the United States. 
to establish the following as priority trade issues within CBP: 1) agriculture programs; 2) antidumping and countervailing duties; 3) import safety; 4) intellectual property rights; 5) revenue; 6) textiles and wearing apparel; and 7) trade agreements and preference programs. 
Section 111 of the Senate amendment includes a list of priority trade issues (PTI) that is the same as the PTIs identified in 
section 118 of the House amendment. The Senate amendment, however, requires notification by CBP not later than 30 days after the establishment of a new PTI. The amendments also differ in the recipients of the required report. 
House amendment and requires the Commissioner to notify the committees of 1) new PTIs no later than 30 days after the establishment of the new PTI, and 2) a summary of proposals to eliminate, consolidate or otherwise modify existing PTIs no later than 60 days before such changes are to take effect. 
congressional committees,’’ as used in title I of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, as the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
the Working Group and designates the Secretary of Homeland Security as the Chair and the Secretary of Health and Human Services as the ViceChair. The membership of the Working Group also shall include the Secretaries of the Treasury, Commerce and Agriculture; the United States Trade Representative; the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; the Commissioners of CBP and the Food and Drug Administration; the Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission; the Director of ICE; and the head of any other Federal agency designated by the President to participate. 
to 1) consult on the development of a joint import safety rapid response plan required under section 202; 2) evaluate federal government and agency resources, plans, and practices to ensure the safety of U.S. imports and the expeditious entry of such merchandise; 3) review the engagement and cooperation of foreign governments and foreign manufacturers; 4) identify best practices, in consultation with the private sector, to assist U.S. importers in ensuring import health and safety of imported merchandise; 5) identify best practices to improve Federal, state, and local coordination in responding to import health and safety threats; and 6) identify appropriate steps to improve domestic accountability and foreign government engagement with respect to imports. 
the same as section 201 of the House amendment. 
Homeland Security, in consultation with the Working Group, to develop a joint import safety rapid response plan (the Plan) that establishes protocols and practices CBP should use when responding to cargo that poses a threat to the health or safety of U.S. consumers. 
the Plan, which must define 1) the authorities and responsibilities of CBP and other Federal agencies in responding to an import health or safety threat; 2) the protocols and practices used in responding to such threats; 3) the mitigation measures CBP and other agencies must take when responding to such threats after the incident to ensure the resumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States; and 4) exercises CBP should take with Federal, State, and local agencies as well as the private sector to simulate responses to such threats. 
in conjunction with Federal, State, and local agencies, to conduct exercises to test and evaluate the Plan. When conducting exercises, the Commissioner must make allowances for the specific needs of the port where the exercise is occurring, base evaluations on current import risk assessments, and ensure that the exercises are conducted consistent with other national preparedness plans. The Secretary of Homeland Security and Commissioner must ensure that the testing and evaluations use performance measures in order to identify best practices and recommendations in responding to import health and safety threats and develop metrics with respect to the resumption of the entry of merchandise into the United States. Best practices and recommendations should then be shared among relevant stakeholders and incorporated into the Plan. 
the same as section 202 of the House amendment. 
ensure that CBP port personnel are trained to effectively enforce U.S. import health and safety laws. 
the same as section 203 of the House amendment. 
rights,’’ as used in this title, as copyrights, trademarks, and other forms of intellectual property rights that are enforced by CBP and ICE. 
the same as section 301 of the House amendment. 
Authorization Act (NDAA) authorizes, but does not require, CBP to share unredacted images and samples with right holders if CBP suspects a product of infringing a trademark. 
Section 302 amends the Tariff Act of 1930 to 
the same as section 302 of the House amendment. 
specifies a number of items that are to be seized by CBP when presented for importation, including ‘‘merchandise or packaging in which copyright, trademark, or trade name protection violations are involved.’’ 
the same as section 303 of the House amendment. 
House amendment and the Senate amendment. SECTION 304 . ENFORCEMENT BY U .S. CUSTOMS  
Section 304 directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a process for the enforcement of copyrights for which the owner has submitted an application for registration with the U.S. Copyright Office to the same extent and in the same manner as if the copyright were registered with the Copyright Office. 
the same as section 304 of the House amendment. 
National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center (IPR Center), which shall be headed by an Assistant Director. 
the same as section 305 of the House amendment. 
required under section 105 of the amendment the following: 1) a description of DHS’s IPR enforcement efforts; 2) a list of the top 10 ports, by volume and value, where CBP seized IPR infringing goods in the preceding two years; and 3) a recommendation of the optimal allocation of personnel to ensure CBP and ICE are effectively enforcing IPR. 
the same as section 306 of the House amendment. 
SECTION 307 . PERSONNEL DEDICATED TO THE EN FORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  
to ensure sufficient personnel are assigned throughout CBP with responsibility to enforce intellectual property rights with respect to U.S. imports. 
to assign at least three fulltime CBP employees to the IPR Coordination Center established under section 305 and to ensure that sufficient personnel are assigned to U.S. ports of entry to carry out the directives of the IPR Coordination Center established under section 305. 
the same as section 307 of the House amendment. 
to effectively train CBP port personnel to detect and identify IPR infringing imported goods. 
to work with the private sector to identify opportunities for collaboration with respect to training for officers of the agency to enforce IPR. 
to consult with private sector entities to identify technologies which can costeffectively identify infringing merchandise, and to provide for costeffective training for CBP officers with regard to the use of such technologies. 
the same as section 308 of the House amendment. 
Section 628 of the Tariff Act of 1930 permits 
CBP to exchange information or documents with foreign customs and law enforcement 
agencies if the Secretary of the Treasury reasonably believes the exchange of information is necessary to comply with CBP laws and regulations, to enforce a trade agreement to which the United States is a party, to assist in investigative, judicial and quasi judicial proceedings in the United States, or for any similar action undertaken by a foreign law enforcement agency in a foreign country. 
Homeland Security to coordinate with competent foreign law enforcement agencies to enhance IPR enforcement, including by information sharing and technical assistance, and requires the Commissioner and the Director of ICE to lead interagency efforts to collaborate with law enforcement and customs authorities of foreign countries. 
the same as section 309 of the House amendment. 
Director of ICE to jointly submit to the Committee on Finance and Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that includes: 1) information regarding the number, and a description of, certain efforts to investigate and prosecute IPR infringements; 2) an estimate of the average time required by the CBP Office of International Trade to respond to a request from port personnel for advice with respect to whether merchandise detained by the Agency infringed IPR, distinguished by types of IPR infringed; 3) a summary of the outreach efforts of CBP and ICE with respect to interdiction, investigation and information sharing between certain agencies related to the infringement of IPR, collaboration with the private sector, and coordination with foreign governments; 4) a summary of the efforts of CBP and ICE to address the challenges with respect to the enforcement of IPR presented by Internet commerce and the transit of small packages and an identification of the volume, value, and type of merchandise seized for infringing IPR as a result of such efforts; and 5) a summary of training relating to the enforcement of IPR conducted under section 308 and expenditures for such training. 
the same as section 310 of the House amendment with the exception of a difference in the recipients of the report required in this section. 
House amendment, except that it changes the due date of the report to September 30th of each year. 
SECTION 311 . INFORMATION FOR TRAVELERS RE GARDING VIOLATIONS OF INTELLECTUAL PROP ERTY RIGHTS  
Homeland Security to develop and implement an educational campaign for travelers entering or departing the United States on the legal, economic, and public health and safety implications of importing IPR infringing goods into the United States. 
to ensure that all versions, including the electronic versions, of CBP Form 6059B (customs declaration), or a successor form, include a written warning to inform travelers arriving in the United States that importation of merchandise that infringes IPR may subject travelers to civil or criminal penalties and may pose serious risks to health and safety. 
the same as section 311 of the House amendment. 
TITLE IV—P REVENTION OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY ORDERS  
Section 401 sets forth the short title as the 
forth the short title as the ‘‘Enforcing Orders and Reducing Customs Evasion Act of 2015.’’ 
short title as the ‘‘Enforce and Protect Act of 2015.’’ 
Section 402 establishes the applicable definitions for this title. 
Trade Agreement (NAFTA) (19 U.S.C. 3438) states that any amendments to title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930, or to any other statute which provides for judicial review of determinations under that title or the standard of review to be applied, shall apply to goods from a NAFTA country only to the extent specified in the amendment. 
to goods from Canada and Mexico, the current members of NAFTA. 
the same as section 403 of the House amendment. 
of International Trade of CBP a Trade Law Remedy Enforcement Division. The Trade Law Remedy Division’s duties are to: develop and administer policies to prevent and counter evasion; direct enforcement and compliance assessment activities concerning evasion; develop and conduct commercial risk assessment targeting with respect to potentially evading cargo destined for the United States; issuing Trade Alerts regarding evading imports; and develop policies for the application of single entry and continuous bonds to sufficiently protect the collection of antidumping and countervailing duties. 
the Trade Law Remedy Enforcement Division responsible for: directing the trade enforcement and compliance assessment activities of CBP regarding evasion; improving cooperation and the exchange of information between CBP, ICE, and other relevant agencies regarding evasion; notifying the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission of any findings, determinations, or criminal actions taken by CBP or other Federal agency regarding evasion; and serving as the primary liaison between CBP and the public regarding United States Government activities concerning evasion. The Director’s liaison responsibilities include: receiving and transmitting to the appropriate CBP office parties’ allegations of evasion; provide information to a party that submitted an allegation of evasion on the status of CBP’s consideration of the allegation and decision to pursue or not pursue any administrative inquiries or other actions; request from the party that submitted an allegation of evasion any additional information that may be relevant for CBP determining whether to initiate an administrative inquiry or take any other action regarding the allegation; notify on a timely basis the party that submitted such an allegation of the results of any administrative, civil or criminal actions taken by CBP or other Federal agency regarding evasion as a direct or indirect result of the allegation; provide technical assistance and advice to eligible small businesses to enable such businesses to prepare and submit allegations of evasion; develop guidelines on the types and nature of information that may be provided in allegations of evasion; and regularly consult with relevant parties and organizations regarding the development and implementation of regulations, interpretations, and policies related to countering evasion. 
Remedy Law Enforcement Division a National Targeting and Analysis Group (NTAG) dedicated to preventing and countering evasion through establishing targeted risk assessment methodologies and standards. 
Trade Remedy Law Enforcement Division to issue Trade Alerts to port directors as required to inspect imported merchandise, require additional bonds, and take other actions necessary to prevent evasion. 
House amendment, except also adding that the duties of the Trade Remedy Law Enforcement Division and its director include 
those policies and activities related to implementing section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act. The conference agreement establishes the Trade Law Remedy Enforcement Division in the Office of Trade, the successor office to the Office of International Trade. 
existing information collection authorities to identify evasion and authorizes CBP to issue questionnaires to collect information on alleged evasion from persons who have information relevant to an allegation of evasion. 
House amendment, except also clarifying that an adverse inference may be used with respect to a person alleged to have entered covered merchandise through evasion, or a foreign producer or exporter of covered merchandise alleged to have entered through evasion regardless of whether another person involved in the same transaction or transactions has provided requested information. 
the Treasury to provide to the Department of Commerce or the International Trade Commission any information that would enable the Department of Commerce or the International Trade Commission to assist in identifying imports evading antidumping or countervailing duties. 
SECTION 414 . COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN COUN TRIES ON PREVENTING EVASION OF TRADE  
bilateral agreements with other countries’ customs authorities to cooperate on preventing evasion. These agreements should include provisions allowing the sharing of information to determine if evasion occurred, verification of such information, allowing officials from the importing country to participate in such verifications, and, if a country refuses to allow officials from an importing country to participate in a verification, allowing the importing country to take such lack of cooperation into account in its trade enforcement and compliance activities. 
Congress on the status of ongoing negotiations of bilateral cooperation agreements regarding evasion, the terms of any such completed agreements, and any cooperation and other activities conducted as a result of such agreements. 
Section 415 establishes obtaining the commitments for cooperation on evasion described in section 414 as a negotiating objective for current trade agreements under negotiation and future agreements. 
OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTER VAILING DUTY ORDERS  
for evasion investigations. The Department of Commerce may selfinitiate an evasion investigation, or may initiate an investigation as a result of an adequate petition from an interested party or a referral from CBP. CBP is required to refer a matter to the Department of Commerce if CBP has information that evasion occurred, but cannot determine if the merchandise is in fact subject to an antidumping or countervailing duty order. The Department of Commerce has 30 days after receiving a petition or referral to determine whether to initiate an investigation. The Department of Commerce is to notify CBP if it initiates an evasion investigation as a result of a petition from an interested party. 
information requested by the Department of Commerce for an evasion investigation within 10 days after the request and these documents and information will be available to 
authorized representatives of interested parties under an administrative protective order. If an authorized representative of an interested party has access to business proprietary information from another Department of Commerce proceeding under an administrative protective order issued in that proceeding and this information is relevant to an evasion investigation, the authorized representative may submit this information on the record of the evasion investigation. 
The Department of Commerce is authorized to issue questionnaires to interested parties in an evasion investigation and to make an adverse inference against a party that fails to cooperate to the best of its ability. 
preliminary determination of whether there is a reasonable basis to believe or suspect evasion within 90 days after initiation of the investigation and a final determination of evasion within 300 days after initiation. If the Department of Commerce makes an affirmative preliminary determination of evasion, CBP is to suspend liquidation of entries of evading merchandise on or after the preliminary determination and any unliquidated entries before that date. A cash deposit is also required for such entries reflecting the applicable rates previously determined by the Department of Commerce. 
affirmative final determination of evasion, CBP is to assess the applicable antidumping and countervailing duties on entries of evading merchandise, including such entries that were already liquidated, and to review and reassess the amount of bond or other security the importer must post for entries of such merchandise on or after the date of the final determination. The Department of Commerce may also instruct CBP to require a cash deposit or bond on entries of such merchandise on or after the date of the final determination in the amount of antidumping and countervailing duties potentially owed on the merchandise. If the Department of Commerce cannot determine the amount of the applicable antidumping and countervailing duty rate or cash deposit because the actual producer or exporter of the merchandise is unknown, then the highest amount for any producer or exporter will be applied. If the Department of Commerce makes a negative final determination of evasion, then any suspension of liquidation is ended and any cash deposits refunded. The preliminary and final determinations in an evasion investigation are to be published in the Federal Register, as well as the notice of initiation of such an investigation. 
affirmative preliminary or final determination of evasion, it is required to transmit the administrative record of the investigation to CBP and any other agency that requests the administrative record. After making a final determination, the Department of Commerce may also provide importers information discovered in an investigation that would help educate importers on complying with importing merchandise in accordance with U.S. laws and regulations. 
to establish procedures to maximize cooperation and communication between the two agencies to quickly, efficiently, and accurately investigation allegations of evasion. The Department of Commerce will issue annual reports to Congress on the conduct of evasion investigations. 
Commerce and CBP to issue regulations to implement this subtitle. 
Section 402 requires that if the Commissioner makes an affirmative determination of evasion, the Commissioner shall: 1) suspend the liquidation of any unliquidated entries of the covered merchandise that is the subject of the allegation entered between the date of initiation and the date of the determination; 2) extend the period for liquidating any unliquidated entries of merchandise that entered before the initiation of the investigation; 3) notify Commerce of the determination and request that Commerce determine the appropriate duty rates for such covered merchandise; 4) require importers of such covered merchandise to post cash deposits and assess duties on the covered merchandise as directed by Commerce; and 5) take such additional enforcement measures as the Commissioner deems appropriate, including initiating proceedings for related violations of law, modifying CBP’s procedures for identifying future evasion, requiring a deposit of estimated duties on future entries, and referring the matter to ICE for civil or criminal investigation. The section also requires the Department of Commerce to promptly provide the Commissioner with cash deposit rates and antidumping and countervailing duty rates, and establishes a special rule for cases in which the producer or exporter is unknown. 
determine within 90 calendar days of initiation of an evasion investigation whether there is a reasonable suspicion that entries of covered merchandise that are the subject of the allegation were entered through evasion. If the Commissioner decides there is a reasonable suspicion, the Commissioner shall: 1) suspend the liquidation of any unliquidated entries of the covered merchandise entered after the date of initiation; 2) extend the period for liquidating any unliquidated entries of merchandise that entered before the initiation of the investigation; and 3) take any additional measures necessary to protect the ability to collect appropriate duties, which may include requiring a single transaction bond or posting cash deposits with respect to entries of covered merchandise. 
special rule for cases in which the producer or exporter is unknown. 
The conference agreement follows the Senate amendment except for the following changes. The definition of the term ‘‘interested party’’ is expanded to include a foreign manufacturer, producer, or exporter, or the United States importer, of covered merchandise, or a trade or business association a majority of the members of which are producers, exporters, or importers of such merchandise. 
after receiving an evasion allegation or a referral to determine whether to initiate an investigation. 
after the date on which an evasion investigation was initiated to make a determination as to whether the covered merchandise was entered through evasion. If the Commissioner concludes that the investigation is extraordinarily complicated and additional 
then the Commission may extend the time to make a determination by no more than 60 calendar days. 
may be used with respect to a person alleged to have entered covered merchandise through evasion, or a foreign producer or exporter of covered merchandise alleged to have entered through evasion regardless of whether another person involved in the same transaction or transactions has provided requested information. 
of an investigation is clarified to be whether the Commissioner fully complied with all procedures in making a determination and conducting an administrative review of that determination and whether any determination, finding, or conclusion is arbitrary, capricious, or an abuse of discretion. Other technical changes were made to the judicial review provision. 
Section 422 directs the Government Accountability Office to submit to Congress a report on the effectiveness of the provisions made by this title and the actions by the Department of Commerce and CBP pursuant to this title. 
this section. Under the House amendment, the Department of Commerce would conduct evasion investigations, and the primary purpose of the report was to monitor the cooperation of the Department of Commerce and CBP in the Department of Commerce’s conduct of such investigations. This report is not required under the Conference Agreement because the Senate amendment is being followed, which has CBP conduct evasion investigations. 
extent possible, to assign sufficient personnel responsible for preventing and investigating evasion and to provide adequate training for such personnel. 
OF EVASION OF ANTIDUMPING AND COUNTER VAILING DUTY ORDERS  
with the Department of Commerce and ICE, to provide Congress with an annual report on efforts to prevent and investigate evasion. 
changes to improve the effectiveness of CBP in preventing and identifying evasion. 
submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House an annual report on the Commissioner’s efforts to prevent and investigate the evasion of antidumping and countervailing duty orders. 
The conference agreement follows the Senate amendment, except to clarify that the report is to cover all types of evasion allegations and investigations. The requirement to report the number of investigations not completed within the deadlines provided in section 517 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as added by section 421 of this Act, is removed because the Commissioner is statutorily required to meet these deadlines. 
Section 433 strikes the ability of an importer of a new exporter or producer’s merchandise to post a bond or security instead of a cash deposit for entries of that merchandise while the Department of Commerce is determining the exporter or producer’s individual weighted average dumping margin or individual countervailing duty rate. This section also adds the requirement that the individual weighted average dumping margin or individual countervailing duty rate for a new exporter or producer must be based on bona fide sales in the United States and sets out criteria to be considered in determining if such sales were bona fide. 
short title as the ‘‘Small Business Trade Enhancement Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘State Trade Coordination Act.’’ 
U.S.C. 1634c), the Office of Advocacy within the Small Business Administration is statutorily charged with receiving complaints, criticisms, and suggestions concerning federal policies affecting small businesses, transmitting those complaints, criticisms and suggestions to the relevant federal regulatory agencies, and developing proposals for changes in the policies and activities of federal agencies as those relate to small businesses. However, current law does not specifically provide for engagement by the Office of Advocacy during the negotiation of trade agreements. 
Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111–240) created a pilot State Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program to make grants to states to carry out export promotion programs for small businesses. These programs include a foreign trade mission, a foreign market sales trip, a subscription to services provided by the Department of Commerce, the payment of website translation fees, the design of international marketing media, a trade show exhibition, and training workshops. 
Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program’’ authorized by the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 the ‘‘State Trade Expansion Program’’ (STEP); to insert STEP into section 22 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 652); and to authorize STEP grants at $30 million per year through fiscal year 2020. The Conferees also agree to alter STEP to improve coordination between the federal government and the states, to authorize reverse trade missions and procurement of consultancy services, and to require the Inspector General of the Small Business Administration to provide to the Congress a report on STEP within 18 months of the first grant award. 
Act of 1988 (Public Law 100 418) created the 
(TPCC). The TPCC provides a framework to coordinate and carry out certain export promotion and export financing programs of the United States Government. 
The Conferees agree to establish a new section 2313A of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988, which establishes a State and Federal Export Promotion Coordination Working Group as a subcommittee of the TPCC. The subcommittee is charged with coordinating export promotion and export financing activities between the federal government and state and local governments. The provision further requires that the Office of International Trade of the Small Business Administration, in coordination with other members of the TPCC, submit a report to the Congress that includes recommendations to improve the Internet website Export.gov. 
Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–418) created the Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee (TPCC), which is charged with developing a plan to carry out Federal export promotion and export financing programs. The TPCC is chaired by the Department of Commerce and comprised of representatives from the Office of the United States Trade Representative, the Small Business Administration, the Agency for International Development, the Trade and Development Program, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the ExportImport Bank of the United States, and the Departments of Agriculture, Energy, State, Transportation, and the Treasury. The President may appoint additional departments or agencies to the TPCC. 
by: 1) adding to the TPCC one or more new members appointed by the President who are representatives of state trade promotion agencies; 2) expanding the scope of the responsibilities of the TPCC to add a new Federal and State Export Promotion Coordination Plan, which shall develop a comprehensive plan to coordinate federal and state export promotion resources and strategies; and 3) requiring the TPCC to include, as part of its annual report, a survey and analysis regarding the overall effectiveness of Federal state coordination and export promotion goals. Further, the provision requires: 1) the Department of Commerce to develop an annual Federalstate export strategy for each state that provides its export strategy; and 2) the Department of Commerce and the state trade promotion agencies to develop a coordinated set of reporting metrics on exports and to report annually to Congress on the results of the coordination. 
identify, in close consultation with Congress, enforcement priorities and to more regularly 
consult with Congress on the Administration’s enforcement strategy. This section also directs the Administration to focus its enforcement actions on addressing practices that, if eliminated, would likely have the most significant potential to increase economic growth of the United States. 
TO SUSPEND CONCESSIONS OR OTHER OBLIGA TIONS UNDER TRADE AGREEMENTS  
1974, a particular action taken under section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 automatically terminates after four years if neither the petitioner nor any representative of the domestic industry that benefits from such action has requested its continuation during the last sixty days of the fouryear period. 
under certain conditions, to reinstate a retaliatory action if such action has terminated previously. To reinstate such action, the Administration must receive a request from an affected domestic industry and engage in a detailed analysis and robust consultations with Congress and the public. 
Trade Commission to make a webbased import monitoring tool available that provides public access to data on the volume and value of goods imports for the purposes of determining if such data has changed over time. The data used will be from the Department of Commerce and any other appropriate government data, and will include data from the most recent quarter for which such data are available, plus previous quarters as practicable. 
This provision further requires the Department of Commerce to publish on a website monitoring reports on changes in the volume and value of imports and exports of goods categorized based on the 6digit subheadings of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. The Department of Commerce must also notify Congress when the reports are available. These reports are to published at least quarterly and have data for the most recent quarter for which such data are available, as well as previous quarters as practicable. The Department of Commerce is required to solicit public comment on the monitoring reports through the Federal Register. 
CENTER ON TRADE IMPLEMENTATION , MONITORING , AND ENFORCEMENT  
The Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR) is required to submit to Congress an Annual Report on Trade Agreements Program and National Trade Policy Agenda, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2213; a budget justification, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1105; and an agency strategic plan, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 306. 
Section 907 requires that, in its Annual Report on Trade Agreements Program and National Trade Policy Agenda to Congress, USTR must submit additional information regarding USTRled interagency programs, including the Interagency Trade Enforcement Center. Specifically, the section requires that USTR report on the objectives and priorities of all USTRled interagency programs; the actions proposed, or anticipated, to be undertaken to achieve such objectives and priorities, including actions authorized under the trade laws and negotiations with foreign countries; the role of each Federal agency participating in the interagency program in achieving such objectives and priorities and activities of each agency with respect to their participation in the program; USTR’s coordination of each participating Federal agency to more effectively achieve such objectives and priorities; any proposed legislation necessary or appropriate to achieve such objectives or priorities; and prior progress made in achieving such objectives and priorities and coordination activities. 
The section also requires that USTR submit a report to Congress, in conjunction with the President’s budget, regarding its annual plan to match available agency resources with projected workload and provide a detailed analysis of how the prior year’s funds were spent; identify existing and new staff necessary to support the functions and powers of USTR; identify USTR and other Federal agency staff who will be required to be detailed to support USTRled interagency programs; and provide detailed analysis of the budgetary requirements of USTRled interagency programs. 
USTR submit to Congress a quadrennial plan, in conjunction with agency strategic plans already required under statute, with some additional requirements: analyzing internal quality controls and record management; identifying existing and new staff necessary to support the functions and powers of USTR; identifying existing USTR and other Federal agency staff who will be required to be detailed to support USTRled interagency programs; providing an outline of budget justifications, including salaries, expenses, and nonpersonnel administrative costs, required under the strategic plan; providing an outline of budget justifications for USTRled interagency programs. This quadrennial plan is required in conjunction with the agency strategic plan produced at the beginning of every new Presidential Administration; this section requires USTR to submit the initial report separately, on February 1, 2016. 
Trade Enforcement Center (ITEC) in the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR), and provides that the main functions of the Center are to: 1) serve as the primary forum within the Federal government for the USTR and other agencies to coordinate the enforcement of United States trade rights under international trade agreements and enforcement of United States trade remedy laws; 2) coordinate the exchange of information related to potential violations of international trade agreements; and 3) conduct outreach to United States workers, businesses, and other interested persons. 
ITEC to be a Director who shall be appointed from among fulltime seniorlevel officials of USTR, and a Deputy Directory appointed by the Secretary of Commerce from among full time, seniorlevel officials of Commerce. Other Federal government agencies that the Center coordinates with may detail or assign employees to the Center. The provision requires that funding and administrative support for the ITEC be provided by USTR. The Director of ITEC is required to submit an annual report to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives on the actions taken by the Center with respect to the enforcement of U.S. trade rights under trade agreements in the preceding year. 
Interagency Center on Trade Implementation, Monitoring, and Enforcement (ICTIME) in the office of the United States Trade Representative. The function of ICTIME is to support the USTR in: 1) investigating potential disputes to be brought at the World Trade Organization; 2) investigating potential disputes to be brought under U.S. bilateral and regional trade agreements; 3) monitoring and enforcement activities pursuant to U.S. trade agreements; and 4) monitoring measures taken by parties during implementation of trade agreements with the United States. The director of ICTIME is to be appointed by the USTR, and additional personnel may be detailed or assigned to ICTIME by other Federal agencies. The conference agreement requires the President to annually report to Congress regarding the operations of ICTIME. The conference agreement also adopts the House provision requiring USTR to submit to Congress a quadrennial plan concerning quality controls and records management, staffing, and budgeting, with the first report due June 1, 2016. The commitments subject to ICTIME’s monitoring and enforcement shall include those negotiated to address the interests in U.S. trade agreements of domestic manufacturers, services providers, farmers, ranchers, and intellectual property rightholders. 
distributions of collected antidumping and countervailing duties any and all interest earned on such duties that is, or was, realized through any payments received on or after October 1, 2014 under, or in connection with, any customs bond pursuant to a court order or judgment, or settlement. 
collected antidumping and countervailing duties assessed on or after October 1, 2000 on entries made through September 30, 2007. 
those made under section 754 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1675c) (repealed by subtitle F of title VII of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 154)) with respect to entries of merchandise made on or before September 30, 2007 and that were unliquidated, not in litigation, and not under an order of liquidation on December 8, 2010. 
OR TRAFFICKED CULTURAL PROPERTY , ARCHAEOLOGICAL OR ETHNOLOGICAL MATERIALS , 
Section 610 of the Senate amendment requires the Commissioner and Director of ICE to ensure that appropriate personnel are trained in the detection, identification, detention, seizure, and forfeiture of cultural property and archaeological or ethnological materials, and fish, wildlife and plants, the importation, exportation, or trafficking of which violates the laws of the United States. 
THE TRADE ACT OF 1974 WITH RESPECT TO CER TAIN ACTS , POLICIES , AND PRACTICES  
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 establishes procedures and timetables for addressing certain violations of U.S. rights under a trade agreement and unreasonable or discriminatory practices that burden or restrict U.S. commerce. House Amendment 
of CBP to direct appropriate personnel and resources to address concerns that honey is being imported into the United States in violation of U.S. customs and trade laws. 
database of the individual characteristics of foreign honey to facilitate the verification of country of origin markings, and to seek to work with foreign governments, industry, and the Food and Drug Administration in compiling the database. 
to submit a report to Congress within 180 days after enactment of the Act that describes and assesses the limitations in existing analysis capabilities of laboratories with respect to determining the country of origin of honey and includes any recommendation of the Commissioner for improving such capabilities. 
The conference agreement follows the Senate amendment. The agreement of the conference on establishment of a database pertaining to honey transshipment reflects the 
honey, particularly unique regional pollens, that allow CBP to discern the country of origin of honey imported into the United States through currently available, costeffective scientific methods, and also the importation of honey in sufficient quantity and with historical patterns of duty evasion to justify establishing and maintaining such a database. 
SECTION 609 . ESTABLISHMENT OF CHIEF INNOVA TION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY NEGO TIATOR  
Section 141 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2171) establishes the structure, functions, powers, and personnel of the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) to establish a Chief Innovation and Intellectual Property Negotiator at USTR with the rank of Ambassador, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to conduct trade negotiations and to enforce trade agreements relating to United States intellectual property, and to take appropriate actions to address acts, policies, and practices of foreign governments that have a significant adverse impact on the value of United States innovation. 
5, United States Code, to set the pay for this position at Level III of the Executive Schedule. 
an annual report to the Senate Finance and Ways and Means Committees detailing the enforcement actions taken by USTR to ensure the protection of United States innovation and intellectual property interests, and other actions taken to advance United States innovation and intellectual property interests. 
THAT DENY ADEQUATE PROTECTION FOR IN TELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS  
Section 182 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2242) requires USTR to submit to the Committees a ‘‘Special 301 Report’’ identifying countries that deny adequate protection or market access for intellectual property rights. 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) to require USTR, within 90 days after submitting the annual National Trade Estimate, to develop an action plan for foreign countries that have spent at least one year on the Priority Watch List of the Special 301 Report. The action plan calls for such countries to meet benchmarks designed to assist them to achieve effective protection of intellectual property rights, and equitable market access for U.S. persons that rely upon intellectual property protections. This section also authorizes the President to take appropriate action with respect to foreign countries that fail to meet action plan benchmarks and requires USTR to transmit to the Committees 
a report on the action plans and the progress in achieving the action plan benchmarks. 
The conference agreement follows the Senate amendment, with the addition of allowing USTR to provide assistance to developing countries pursuant to Section 611. 
Section 607 of the Senate amendment establishes a Trade Enforcement Trust Fund (Trust Fund) in the Treasury of the United States. The provision requires the Treasury to transfer $15 million each fiscal year to the Trust Fund of receipts from antidumping and countervailing duties, and the aggregate money held in the Trust Fund may not exceed $30 million at any time. Transfers to the fund are made quarterly. The provision allows the United States Trade Representative to use amounts in the Trust Fund to enforce the provisions of and commitments and obligations under WTO Agreements and free trade agreements to which the United States is a party, monitor the implementation by foreign countries of the provisions and commitments and obligations under free trade agreements, and investigate and respond to petitions under section 302 of the Trade Act of 1974. In addition, identified Federal agencies would also be authorized to also use amounts in the Trust Fund to ensure capacity building efforts undertaken by the United States prioritize the implementation of intellectual property, labor, and environmental commitments, are selfsustaining and promote local ownership, include performance indicators, and monitor and evaluate capacity building efforts. 
The conference agreement follows the Senate amendment with a number of changes. The conference agreement establishes the Trust Fund through 2026 and funds are transferred from the general fund. It allows the United States Trade Representative, on the basis of advice from the Trade Policy Committee, to use amounts in the Trust Fund, only as provided in appropriation acts, to enforce obligations under WTO Agreements and free trade agreements to which the United States is a party, monitor the implementation by foreign countries of the provisions and commitments and obligations under free trade agreements, investigate and respond to petitions under section 302 of the Trade Act of 1974, and to support capacity building efforts, including commitments and obligations related to trade in goods, trade in services, trade in agriculture, foreign investment, intellectual property, digital trade in goods and services and crossborder data flows, regulatory practices, stateowned and statecontrolled enterprises, localization barriers to trade, labor and the environment, 
currency, foreign currency manipulation, anticorruption, trade remedy laws, textiles, and commercial partnerships. Additional changes are made with respect to reporting and definitions. 
The conferees are committed to work diligently and at the earliest opportunity to achieve full appropriation for the fund, including during the annual budget resolution process to assure full appropriations to the fund. 
House Amendment but contains certain variations, including variations related to the economic criteria associated with an enhanced analysis of a major trading partner, variations related to the objectives of enhanced bilateral engagement, and variations related to a decision by the Secretary not to enhance bilateral engagement with a country. 
This section creates a ninemember advisory committee to advise Treasury on international exchange rates and financial policies and their impact on the United States. The Senate, House, and Administration each appoint members to the committee. 
the same as section 702 of the House amendment. 
Section 801 sets forth the short title as the 
of 2002 (HSA), at 6 U.S.C. 201, establishes the nowdefunct Directorate for Border and Transportation Security headed by an Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security. 
Further, section 411 of the HSA, at 6 U.S.C. 
211, established the nowdefunct United States Customs Services and it’s head, the Commissioner of Customs, within the Department of Homeland Security. 
operational offices within CBP. These include: U.S. Border Patrol and its head, the Chief of U.S. Border Patrol; Office of Air and Marine Operations and its head, the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Air and Marine Operations; the Office of Field Operations and its head, the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Field Operations; the Office of Intelligence and its head, the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Intelligence; the Office of International Affairs and its head, the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of International Affairs; and the Office of Internal Affairs and its head, the Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Internal Affairs. 
in the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reflect the changes made by this act. 
Homeland Security from entering into or renewing an agreement with a foreign government for a Trusted Traveler Program administered by CBP unless the Secretary certifies that the foreign government routinely submits information to INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Document (SLTD) database or otherwise makes such information available to the United States. 
the commercial operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States; 3) ensure the overall economic security of the United States is not diminished by efforts, activities, and programs aimed at securing the homeland; and 4) ensure that the policies and regulations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection are consistent with the obligations of the United States pursuant to international agreements. 
the individuals serving as Assistant Commissioners may continue to serve as Executive Assistant Commissioners, as appropriate. 
the head of the Office Trade shall be an Executive Assistant Commissioner. In addition, the provisions specifying the pay and qualifications for the Executive Assistant Commissioner of the Office of Trade are stricken. The Conferees have also agreed to allow the transfer of assets, functions, personnel, or liabilities of the Office of International Trade to offices other than the Office of Trade if the appropriate committees are notified with the reason for such a transfer at least 90 days prior to such transfer. Furthermore, section 
short title as the ‘‘Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015.’’ 
to operate preclearance locations, provided an aviation security preclearance agreement is in effect, in foreign countries: 1) to prevent terrorists, instruments of terrorism, and other security threats from entering the United States; 2) to prevent inadmissible persons from entering the United States; 3) to ensure that merchandise destined for the United States complies with applicable laws; 4) to ensure the prompt processing of persons eligible to travel to the United States; and 5) to accomplish such other objectives as the Secretary determines are necessary to protect the United States. 
provide certain notifications and certifications to appropriate congressional committees. 
provide to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 60 days prior to entering into a preclearance agreement with a foreign country the following: 1) a copy of the proposed agreement to establish such preclearance operations, which shall include the identification of the foreign country 
with which CBP intends to enter into a preclearance agreement, the location at which such preclearance operations will be conducted, and the terms and conditions for CBP personnel operating at the location; 2) an assessment of the impact such preclearance operations will have on legitimate trade and travel, including potential impacts on passengers traveling to the United States; 3) an assessment of the impacts such preclearance operations will have on CBP domestic port of entry staffing; 4) countryspecific information on the anticipated homeland security benefits associated with establishing such preclearance operations; 5) information on potential security vulnerabilities associated with commencing such preclearance operations and mitigation plans to address such potential security vulnerabilities; 6) a CBP staffing model for such preclearance operations and plans for how such positions would be filled; 7) information on the anticipated costs over the next five fiscal years associated with commencing such preclearance operations; and 
estimate of the date on which CBP intends to establish preclearance operations under such agreement, including any pending caveats that must be resolved before preclearance operations are approved; 2) the anticipated funding sources for preclearance operations under such agreement, and other funding sources considered; 3) a homeland security threat assessment for the country in which such preclearance operations are to be established; 4) information on potential economic, competitive, and job impacts on United States air carriers associated with establishing such preclearance operations; 5) details on information sharing mechanisms to ensure that CBP has current information to prevent terrorist and criminal travel; and 6) other factors that the Secretary determines to be necessary for Congress to comprehensively assess the appropriateness of commencing such preclearance operations. 
provide to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 30 days before entering into a substantially amended preclearance agreement with a foreign country a copy of the proposed agreement, as modified, and the justification for such modification. 
to report to the appropriate congressional committees on a quarterly basis the number of CBP officers, by port, assigned from domestic ports of entry to preclearance operations and the number of these positions that have been filled by another hired, trained, and equipped CBP officer. In addition, if the CBP officer positions at domestic ports of entry that were reassigned to preclearance ports of entry have not been backfilled and the Commissioner determines that processing times at those domestic ports of entry have significantly increased, the Commissioner shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 60 days after such a determination an implementation plan for reducing CBP processing times at those domestic ports of entry. If the Commissioner fails to submit the required implementation plan, the Secretary would be prohibited from establishing additional preclearance locations until such plan is submitted. 
that for flights traveling to the U.S., checked baggage has been screened in accordance to an aviation security preclearance agreement between the U.S. and the country of departure. 
TSA to rescreen passengers and their baggage arriving from a foreign country if the Administrator of TSA determines that the foreign government has not maintained security standards and protocols comparable to those at U.S. airports at the airports at which preclearance operations have been established. 
The conference agreement prohibits the establishment or renewal of a preclearance location with a foreign country unless the Secretary certifies to Congress that the foreign country routinely provides stolen passport information to INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Document database or provides the information to the United States through comparable reporting. 
SECTION 817 . RECOVERY OF INITIAL U .S. CUSTOMS  
enter into a cost sharing agreement with airport authorities in foreign countries for new preclearance locations or to maintain existing operations. The cost sharing agreement may provide for initial preclearance operations costs. These payments may be made in advance of the incurrence of the costs or on a reimbursable basis. 
Initial preclearance operations costs include: 1) hiring, training, and equipping new CBP officers who will be stationed at U.S. ports of entry or other CBP facilities to backfill CBP officers to be stationed at a preclearance facility (payments would be prohibited once such officers are permanently stationed domestically after being trained) and 2) visits to the airport authority conducted by CBP personnel necessary to prepare for the establishment or maintenance of preclearance operations at such airport, including the compensation, travel expenses, and allowances payable to such CBP personnel attributable to such visits. 
FUNDS COLLECTED FOR IMMIGRATION INSPEC TION SERVICES AND PRECLEARANCE ACTIVI TIES 
be reimbursed in advance of providing immigration and agricultural inspection services for preclearance operations. 
provides that individuals may import up to $200 in merchandise free of duties into the United States. 
Section 901 raises the dutyfree or de minimis threshold from $200 to $800. 
and a sense of Congress regarding thresholds for the value of articles that may be entered informally and free of duty into the United States and that the Unites States Trade Representative should encourage foreign countries to establish commercially meaningful de minimis thresholds. 
the Tariff Act of 1930 to raise the de minimis 
threshold for the Secretary of Treasury to permit the admission of articles duty free from $200 to $800. 
SAFE Port Act by requiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to consult with the business community involved in international trade at least 30 days before proposing and at least 30 days before finalizing any Department policies or actions that will have an impact on international trade and customs revenue functions. The amendment also extends the notice for appropriate congressional committees by requiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide at least 60 days notification before proposing and at least 60 days before finalizing Department policies or actions that have an impact on international trade. 
the same as section 902 of the House amendment. 
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to impose a monetary penalty or revoke or suspend a license or permit of any customs broker if the broker has acted contrary to law or regulations. 
Tariff Act of 1930 by adding to the list of offenses as grounds for a monetary penalty or removal of a broker license committing or conspiring to commit an act of terrorism. 
the same as section 903 of the House amendment. 
House amendment and the Senate amendment. SECTION 904 . AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 98 OF  
U.S. Note 3 to subchapter II of Chapter 98 
of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) allows a partial or complete duty exemption for articles returned to the United States, after having been exported to be advanced in value or improved in condition by means of repairs or alterations. It also allows goods to be entered duty free if the goods are a product of the United States when returned after having been exported, without having been advanced in value or improved in condition by any process of manufacture or other means while abroad. 
9801.00.10 of the HTS establishes that products of the United States, when returned after having been exported without having been advanced in value or improved in condition by any process of manufacture or other means abroad, will be dutyfree. 
the same as section 904 of the House amendment. 
OF INTERNATIONAL TRAFFIC PREVIOUSLY EX PORTED FROM THE UNITED STATES  
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to remove from formal entry requirements residue of bulk cargo contained in instruments of international traffic (IIT) previously exported from the United States. 
the same as section 905 of the House amendment. 
Section 313 of the Tariff Act of 1930 authorizes a refund, known as drawback, of certain duties, internal revenue taxes, and certain fees collected upon the importation of goods. Such refunds are allowed only upon the exportation or destruction of goods under CBP supervision. 
Tariff Act of 1930 by striking the current text and replacing it with a new provision requiring that a person claiming drawback based on exportation shall provide proof of the exportation of the article, that such proof shall fully establish the date and fact of exportation and identity of the exporter, and may be established either by records kept in the normal course of business or through an electronic export system of the United States Government. 
Tariff Act of 1930 by providing that any person making a drawback claim is liable for the full amount of the drawback claimed. Any person claiming drawback shall be 
jointly and severally liable with the importer for the lesser of the amount of drawback claimed or the amount the importer authorized the other person to claim. 
Tariff Act of 1930 to require evidence of transfer to be demonstrated with records kept in the normal course of business. 
Tariff Act of 1930 to establish that a drawback entry shall be filed or applied for, as applicable, no later than 5 years after the date on which merchandise on which drawback is claimed was imported. This section also requires that all drawback claims be filed electronically no later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Tariff Act of 1930 by allowing a drawback successor to designate unused imported merchandise, other merchandise classifiable under the same 8digit HTS subheading number as such imported merchandise, or any combination of such imported merchandise and such other merchandise, that the predecessor received, before the date of succession, from the person who imported and paid any duties, taxes, and fees due on the imported merchandise as the basis for drawback on merchandise possessed by the drawback successor after the date of succession. 
the Tariff Act of 1930 by requiring records for drawback claims to be maintained for 5 years after the date of liquidation. 
that are not permissible after, and an identification of industries most affected; and 3) a description of drawback claims that were not permissible before the enactment of this bill 
that are after, and an identification of industries most affected. 
SECTION 907 . REPORT ON CERTAIN U .S. CUSTOMS  
Security Appropriations Act of 2013 authorizes CBP to enter into certain reimbursable fee agreements for the provision of CBP services. 
Security Appropriations Act of 2014 establishes a pilot program authorizing CBP to enter into partnerships with private sector and government entities at ports of entry. 
submit to Congress a detailed annual report on each reimbursable agreement and public private partnership agreement into which CBP enters. Each report must include: 1) a description of the development of the program; 2) a description of the type of entity with which CBP entered into the agreement and the amount that entity reimbursed CBP under the agreement; 3) an identification of the type of port of entry to which the agreement relates and an assessment of how the agreement provides economic benefits at the port of entry; 4) a description of the services provided by CBP under the agreement during the year preceding the submission of the report; 5) the amount of fees collected under the agreement during that year; 6) a detailed accounting of how the fees collected under the agreement have been spent during that year; 7) a summary of any complaints or criticism received by CBP during that year regarding the agreement; 8) an assessment of the compliance with the terms of the agreement of the entity that entered into an agreement with CBP; 9) recommendations with respect to how activities conducted pursuant to the agreement could function more effectively or better produce economic benefits; and 10) a summary of the benefits to and challenges faced by CBP and the entity that entered into an agreement with CBP. 
the same as section 911 of the House amendment except with respect to the recipients of the report required in this section. 
The conference agreement follows the Senate amendment and House amendment with modifications. For agreements with an airport operator, the Conferees agree to require 
amends current law to permit CBP employees to provide customs services for passengers and baggage on charter flights that arrive at U.S. ports of entry after normal operating hours, if the air carrier specifically requests the services at least four hours before the flight arrives and pays any overtime fees. 
This section sets out U.S. policy identifying the importance of the bilateral U.S. Israel trade relationship and establishes principal trade negotiating objectives, statements of policy, findings, and other provisions related to trade and commercial activities affecting the United States and Israel. This section: 1) states that among the U.S. principal trade negotiating objectives for proposed trade agreements with foreign countries is the discouragement of politically motivated actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel ( i.e., BDS actions); 2) 
sets forth various statements of policy regarding trade with and commercial activities affecting Israel, including Congress’s opposition to politically motivated BDS actions against Israel; 3) presents various positive findings regarding the trade and commercial relationship between the United 
States and Israel; 4) requires the President to report annually to Congress on politically motivated BDS actions against Israel; and 5) requires that no U.S. court recognize or enforce any judgment by a foreign court against a U.S. person doing business in Israel, or any territory controlled by Israel, if the U.S. court determines that the foreign judgment is based, in whole or in part, on a determination by a foreign court that the U.S. person’s mere conduct of business operations therein or with Israeli entities constitutes a violation of law. 
The Senate amendment contains the statements of policy contained in the House amendment. 
SECTION 910 . ELIMINATION OF CONSUMPTIVE DE MAND EXCEPTION TO PROHIBITION ON IMPOR TATION OF GOODS MADE WITH CONVICT LABOR , 
Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 prohibits the importation of foreignmade goods that were manufactured or produced by convict, forced, or indentured labor, except in such quantities as necessary to meet the consumptive demands of the United States. 
demand’’ exception to the prohibition on importing goods made by convict, forced, or indentured labor, and requires the Commissioner to provide an annual report to Congress that includes: 1) the number of instances in which merchandise was denied entry pursuant to this section during the preceding 1year period; 2) a description of the merchandise denied entry pursuant to this section; and 3) such other information the Commissioner considers appropriate with respect to monitoring and enforcing 
the same as section 909 of the House amendment. 
Service may reliquidate an entry, notwithstanding the filing of a protest, within 90 days from the date on which notice of the original liquidation is given or transmitted to the importer, the importer’s consignee, or the importer’s agent. 
1501 to establish that CBP may reliquidate an entry, notwithstanding the filing of a protest, within 90 days from the date of the original liquidation. 
Section 914 of the House amendment requires the U.S. International Trade Commission to submit to the Senate Committee on Finance and House Ways and Means Committee a report regarding the competitiveness of the U.S. recreational performance outerwear industry no later than June 1, 2016. 
with respect to HTS subheadings for recreational performance outerwear created in Pub. L. 114–27. 
HTS contains HTS subheadings for protective active footwear, which includes products 
trekking shoes, and train running shoes, and ensures they carry a 20 percent duty rate. Current law requires that any staged reductions in duties as may be required by U.S. free trade agreements for athletic footwear will also apply to protective active footwear. 
SECTION 914 . AMENDMENTS TO BIPARTISAN CON GRESSIONAL TRADE PRIORITIES AND ACCOUNT ABILITY ACT OF 2015  
The Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 sets forth negotiating objectives, procedures for consulting with Congress, and provisions for the consideration of trade agreements. 
House Amendment, with modifications to the climate change, and fisheries negotiating objectives; the provisions on delegates attending negotiating rounds; and human trafficking. 
The conference agreement creates a additional trade preferences for Nepal. The program requires Nepal to satisfy the eligibility criteria of the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act to be eligible for dutyfree treatment of certain articles imported from Nepal. The provision is in response to the recent natural disaster in Nepal. 
SECTION 916 . AGREEMENT BY ASIA PACIFIC ECO NOMIC COOPERATION MEMBERS TO REDUCE  
SECTION 917 . AMENDMENT TO TARIFF ACT OF 1930  
tree and trench grates, lampposts, lamppost bases, cast utility poles, bollards, hydrants, and utility boxes in the list of products which must be imprinted with a country of origin marking. This section also amends current law by requiring the aforementioned marking to be in a location such that it will remain visible after installation. 
SECTION 918 . INCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMA TION IN SUBMISSION OF NOMINATION FOR AP POINTMENT OF DEPUTY UNITED STATES TRADE  
Section 907 of the Senate amendment requires that, when the President submits to the Senate for its advice and consent a nomination of an individual for appointment as a 
Deputy United States Trade Representative, the President shall include in that submission information on the country, regional offices, and functions of the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to which that individual will have responsibility. 
The conference agreement follows the Senate amendment with additional reporting requirements. 
SECTION 919 . SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE NEED  
Title VIII of the Senate amendment established a process for the consideration of temporary duty suspensions and reductions. 
the sense of Congress that the Senate Finance Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee are urged to advance, as soon as possible, after consultation with the public and Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a process for the temporary suspension and reduction of duties that is consistent with the rules of the Senate and the House. 
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 to extend the period that the Secretary of the Treasury may charge for certain customs services for imported goods from July 8, 2025 to July 28, 2025, and extends the ad valorem rate for the Merchandise Processing Fee collected by CBP that offsets the costs incurred in processing and inspecting imports from July 1, 2025 to July 14, 2025. 
the same as section 910 of the House amendment. 
House amendment and the Senate amendment and makes technical corrections to the drafting. 
The Federal tax system is one of ‘‘selfassessment,’’ i.e., taxpayers are required to declare their income, expenses, and ultimate tax due, while the IRS has the ability to propose subsequent changes. This voluntary system requires that taxpayers comply with deadlines and adhere to the filing requirements. While taxpayers may obtain extensions of time in which to file their returns, the Federal tax system consists of specific due dates of returns. In order to foster compliance in meeting these deadlines, Congress has enacted a penalty for the failure to timely file tax returns.
A taxpayer who fails to file a tax return on 
or before its due date is subject to a penalty equal to 5 percent of the net amount of tax due for each month that the return is not filed, up to a maximum of 25 percent of the net amount.
fraudulent, the taxpayer is subject to a penalty equal to 15 percent of the net amount of tax due for each month the return is not filed, up to a maximum of 75 percent of the net amount.
the amount of tax required to be shown on the return reduced by the amount of any part of the tax which is paid on or before the date prescribed for payment of the tax and by the amount of any credits against tax which may be claimed on the return.
penalty will not apply if it is shown that the failure to file was due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect.
If a return is filed more than 60 days after 
its due date, and unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause, the failure to file penalty may not be less than the lesser of $135 (indexed annually for inflation) or 100 percent of the amount required to be shown as tax on the return. If a penalty for failure to file and a penalty for failure to pay tax shown on a return both apply for the same month, the amount of the penalty for failure to file for such month is reduced by the amount of the penalty for failure to pay tax shown on a return.
more than 60 days after its due date, the penalty for failure to pay tax shown on a return may not reduce the penalty for failure to file below the lesser of $135 or 100 percent of the amount required to be shown on the return.
The failure to file penalty applies to all returns required to be filed under subchapter A 
of Chapter 61 (relating to income tax returns of an individual, fiduciary of an estate or trust, or corporation; selfemployment tax returns, and estate and gift tax returns), subchapter A of chapter 51 (relating to distilled spirits, wines, and beer), subchapter A of chapter 52 (relating to tobacco, cigars, cigarettes, and cigarette papers and tubes), and subchapter A of chapter 53 (relating to machine guns and certain other firearms).
failure to file penalty does not apply to any failure to pay estimated tax required to be paid by sections 6654 or 6655.
more than 60 days after its due date, then the failure to file penalty may not be less 
than the lesser of $205 or 100 percent of the amount required to be shown as tax on the return. 
Effective date .—The provision applies to returns required to be filed in calendar years after 2015. 
localities taxing Internet access or placing multiple and discriminatory taxes on Internet commerce expires on December 11, 2015. 
moratorium on states and localities taxing Internet access or placing multiple and discriminatory taxes on Internet commerce. The existing temporary ban was first put in place in 1998. Since then, Congress has extended it multiple times with enormous bipartisan support. Section 922 converts the moratorium into a permanent ban—on which consumers, innovators and investors can permanently rely—by simply striking the 2015 end date. The original moratorium included a grandfather clause to give States that were then taxing Internet access some time to transition to other sources of revenue. All but six of the originally grandfathered states have discontinued taxing Internet access. Section 922 gives those states additional time by delaying the phaseout of the grandfathers until June 30, 2020 which is the end of the fiscal year for states and the start of a new billing cycle for Internet access providers. 
During the Senate’s consideration of legislation earlier this year, Finance Committee Ranking Member Ron Wyden, Senator Bill Nelson (D–FL), and Senator Ben Cardin (D– MD), members of the Finance Committee, expressed their support for the establishment of a process whereby Congress would consider the merits of an extension of certain apparel Tariff Preference Levels (TPLs). It is the view of Senator Wyden that these programs can offer benefits to U.S. consumers, workers, and exporters, and Congress should further consider the merits of an extension of the Nicaragua, Bahrain, and Morocco TPLs. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill, H.R. 2130. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 556 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2130. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2130) to provide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes, with Mr. POEof 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. 
this is an extremely important bill to the people who live in this particular area of Texas and Oklahoma. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), the subcommittee chair 
every now and then, we have a chance to stop an injustice and restore the fundamental purpose of our government to secure the inalienable rights of the people. In this instance, the Federal Government has become destructive of this end. It is attempting to seize thousands of acres of private land lawfully owned by American citizens along a 116mile stretch of the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma. Mr. THORNBERRY ’s bill would stop this 
injustice, reassert the rule of law, and restore the unclouded title of these lands to their rightful owners. 
In 1923, the U.S. Supreme Court established the rules for determining the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma that established the property rights over this land. For nearly a century, the Federal Government recognized and respected the property lines established by this ruling. Property owners purchased and sold this land and, in some cases, passed it down from generation to generation. These property owners, in good faith, dutifully paid 
taxes on their lands year after year, invested in these lands, maintained them, cultivated them, and improved them. 
Management has now announced that it is arbitrarily changing the boundaries established by the Supreme Court and is seizing this land for itself. 
property rights along this vast territory. It is based on the flimsiest of pretexts, a limited survey over a fraction of this land that ignored the 1923 Supreme Court decree that originally established these boundary lines. In other words, it is a guess based upon a fraud. 
The Red River Private Property Protection Act rights this obvious wrong. It requires the Federal Government, in conjunction with the affected State and tribal governments, to make clear the true ownership of this property. 
It tells the BLM to back off, and authorizes a collaborative survey to be conducted by the affected State and tribal governments, according to the rule of law established by the Supreme 
Court. And if this new survey determines any errors in the old, it provides that the landowners who have poured their blood, toil, tears, and sweat into this land can repurchase it for a $1.25 per acre, the price set by the Color of Title Act to resolve disputes of this nature. 
and homes will be clouded for decades while this matter drags on through the courts. 
it has regulatory jurisdiction would have devastating impacts on local landowners and businesses and make it much more difficult to encourage economic development in the region. 
We should also beware of an amendment sought by several neighboring tribal governments that attempts to seize this property for themselves. Despite the fact that this bill is to be amended to reaffirm all tribal treaties to assure that the tribes are an integral part of the new survey process, and are guaranteed the right of first refusal over any lands they currently occupy, they are seeking to replace the injustice perpetrated by the BLM with an injustice of their own. 
the Federal Government or by a tribal government makes no difference to the innocent victims whose land is being stolen, and it is an equal affront to the just principles of property rights that this bill seeks to restore. 
Tribal governments whose own sovereignty and property rights are often threatened by this Federal Government ought to be particularly sensitive when that same government threatens the rights of others. 
natural rights, including our property rights. This bill realigns our government with its stated purpose. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
Property Protection Act, sponsored by Representative THORNBERRY of Texas, 
aims to resolve a series of property disputes along a 116mile stretch of the Red River, which forms a portion of the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma. 
an issue with only local or regional interests, it speaks to broader policy issues on our Nation’s public lands, lands which belong to all Americans. 
Landowners in the area, some of whom have lived there for generations, deserve clarification on the amount of land owned by the Federal Government and the location of the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma. 
that this legislation undermines the authority of the Federal Government, and potentially jeopardizes longstanding mineral revenue distribution agreements with the State of Oklahoma and certain Native American tribes. 
Red River goes back to the Louisiana Purchase. More than 200 years later, after several treaties and compacts, there is still confusion about the amount of land owned by the Federal Government and the location of the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma. 
The majority rightly cites a 1926 Supreme Court case that established the gradient boundary method as the means of determining the boundary between the two States, Texas and Oklahoma. 
adhered to for nearly a century, the boundary of Oklahoma extends to the center of the river, and the Texas 
boundary extends to the ordinary high water mark on the south bank. All the land in between was retained in Federal ownership. 
The Supreme Court ruling established the boundary between the States, but it did not change the ownership status of any land, and the Federal Government has had a continual interest in land along the Red River. 
the area has a long history of oil and gas development and includes several tribal interests. 
the Federal Government’s ‘‘Surveyor of Record,’’ is in the process of updating its management plan for the area, which includes surveying all of the land in question, in order to determine the extent of the remaining Federal interest and clarify ownership claims. 
missing and unreliable records, and even competing claims from both Texas and Oklahoma over the same pieces of property, so the BLM is poring through county GIS data to sort out who owns what and where. This survey is not a land grab by the 
Federal Government. It is a long, but necessary, process that BLM must work through to validate ownership claims. 
interest in the region. But it has to be allowed to survey the area first. 
Federal land in the affected area, 23,000 of which are potentially overlaid by private deeds. Without the survey, the agency will have no legal way to give a clear title to land claimed by a private interest or determine what Federal land is suitable for sale. 
survey process, nullifies all previous BLM surveys, and transfers survey authority to the Texas General Land Office. The bill also requires the Secretary of the Interior to forfeit any right, title, and interest to land in the affected area. 
and putting the Texas General Land Office in control of the survey would effectively make a large portion of the estimated Federal landholdings disappear. The result is unfair to American taxpayers, who deserve fair compensation for their assets. 
H.R. 2130 could also jeopardize a longstanding agreement between the Federal Government and the Kiowa, Apache, and Comanche tribes. These tribes receive 62.5 percent of any royalty generated for oil and gas development along this section of the Red River. If part of this land no longer belongs to the Federal Government, this important source of revenue relied on by the tribes could also vanish. 
Committee received a letter from the KiowaComanche Intertribal Land Use Committee that outlined serious concerns with the bill, as introduced. We were unable to hear about these concerns until now, because we have not had a hearing on this bill in this Congress. 
amendment to address the concerns of these tribes. His amendment will ensure that the mineral and surface interests held by tribes are not diminished by this bill. The Cole amendment makes significant improvements to the bill, and I am glad the Rules Committee made it in order. 
however, does not address all of our concerns or remove our fundamental opposition to the bill. 
to see the property dispute resolved in a way that benefits all parties and provides muchneeded clarification for local landowners and tribes. However, instead of ceding Federal authority to a State, Congress should allow BLM to complete its work. 
note that, as we approach the end of the year, there are critical issues that 
Federal Government, extending tax breaks and, yes, addressing the scourge of gun violence in this country are just a few that deserve our urgent attention, instead of debating this bill, which the President will likely veto. 
bill, H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists 
Act is a bipartisan and commonsense bill that would make our communities safer. 
than 2,000 FBIidentified suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States. This is an alarming figure. 
That is why I am a cosponsor of Republican Congressman PETER KING’s 
bill, which would prevent people who are linked to terrorist activities from buying a gun, a commonsense bill that has support from both Republicans and Democrats, and would protect our communities. 
Government doesn’t allow you to board an airplane, it shouldn’t allow you to buy a gun. 
a discharge petition to force a vote on this bill after House Republicans have repeatedly voted to prevent the House from even debating Congressman 
can to keep deadly weapons out of the hands of suspected terrorists. It is just common sense to allow a vote on this. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
being threatened by inaction or an improper action of the Federal Government, that is a critical issue to them. This bill is significantly important to people who are being harmed by the Federal Government. 
Bureau of Land Management, they did a survey on 6,000 acres, out of a potential of about 90,000 acre piece of property. They used poor surveying methods, methods that were outlawed by the Supreme Court back in the 1920s because of the inaccuracy of the method they used. 
decided, based on the inaccurate surveying done in an improper way, that they would lay claim to 90,000 acres. They later reduced that number somewhat, even though people lived on the land they were claiming. Their homes were there. Their future was there. They had a valid title to that land. They had been paying taxes on that land for years. 
it was theirs. The government had no use for this land. They had no plan. They had no need for it. All it was was about control. Even the BLM workers who were on 
the field that understood, they didn’t want this. It was made up here in the higher levels of people who want to control. And even though they own a third of the land mass of the United States, that simply was not enough. They wanted to go after the homes of these people as well. 
If people were in the way of that control, they didn’t care. If property rights were in the way of that control, they didn’t care. 
and over on this floor recently. We had a bill the other day in the State of Virginia, where 1 acre, 1 acre of a park that was not being used was needed for a daycare center, and the Park Service was opposed to it because it took their control away from that 1 acre of land. Fortunately, we passed that bill on a voice vote. 
Reno, Nevada, that was stopped by the BLM because it was going to be put on land that was 12 miles away from a potential sage grouse lek. That was stopped. 
the exact same thing is happening on 200 acres around that particular lake, a bad survey in which the Federal Government says, oh, give us time to fix this problem. 
time after time after time, in which actions by the Federal Government, specifically, the Department of the Interior, are actually hurting people, and that is wrong. We must stop that. 
is incumbent upon us, if an agency of government, an administration, or a bureaucracy does something to harm people, it is our responsibility to change that, to challenge it, and to set it right. 
heartless thugs and tries to take away property rights, tries to take away homes, then we, the Representatives of the people, need to have this time to stand up there and say, no, it is wrong; we need to do it the right way. 
us does. It says: Stop this inaccuracy. Stop this offense. Stop hurting people. Redo the survey, but redo it in a proper way, and put in a source of process where those who have actual rights on this land can go about and get their rights. 
If that undermines the Federal Government, which has had 6 years to redo the survey, and do it the right way, then it is incumbent upon us. If they have done something wrong, we need to fix it. 
has any negative impact on anybody’s mineral rights. Whether it is the government, tribes, or individuals, it does not harm them. 
But it is our job to make sure we do 
something. We, in this body, set the standards and the boundaries of what government should do, not a faceless bureaucracy. And when that faceless 
bureaucracy, after a great deal of time, fails to do their job, that is when we, as a body, need to stand up and set things right to protect the people whom we represent. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). 
Mr. Chairman, I am appalled that Republicans are continuing to ignore the calls that Mr. THOMPSON has led to 
bring up my good friend from New York, Republican PETER KING’s bipartisan bill to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. 
It is remarkable enough that individuals on the terrorist watch list are able to freely purchase weapons in this country, weapons that could then be turned against innocent Americans. 
over the last 10 years, 90 percent of the people on the terrorist watch list who wanted to buy a weapon passed a background check. That is simply outrageous. 
of this truly absurd policy, Republicans refuse to bring Mr. KINGof New York’s 
aptly named Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act. 
from its enemies motivates my work here in Congress, as it should motivate all of us. That Members on the other side of the aisle are in such thrall to gun advocates that they would place their political aspirations above our national security shocks the conscience. This cannot be. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), the 
sponsor of this bill. He is someone who has been working for at least 6 long years to try to make sure that the Federal Government stops its harming of individuals in taking away their property and their homes. 
first, I want to express my appreciation to Chairman BISHOP not only for bringing this bill to the floor, but for taking the time to understand the issues, how they came to be, and cutting to the heart of the matter. I thought he did an outstanding job of explaining the challenges that my constituents face. Also, Subcommittee Chairman MCCLINTOCK has done an excellent job of talking about this bill. 
This specific legislation applies only to the 116mile stretch of the Red River 
that is at issue here; but one point I 
completely agree with the gentlewoman from Massachusetts on is that the consequences of this extend far beyond those 116 miles, because if the Federal Government can come in and, through a regulatory process, say this land that you may have a deed to, that you may have paid taxes on for generations, that you may think you own, is not yours but is really ours, then that threatens private property rights throughout the country. 
that is the reason the American Farm Bureau, the Oklahoma Farm Bureau, the Texas Farm Bureau, the National Cattlemen’s Association, and the Public Lands Council all support this legislation, because private property rights are very important to be protected wherever they may be threatened. 
BLM conducted some surveys several years ago, spot surveys, and they refuse to follow the mandates of the Supreme Court in its 1926 decision. The rest of the story is, BLM has indicated they will never survey the whole 116 miles. So, as the gentlewoman from Massachusetts points out, well, there is confusion, and this, that, and the other. The only way to straighten it out is to conduct a survey of the whole area and do it under the mandate, the way the Supreme Court of the United States said it should be done. BLM has said they are not going to do that. The only way to get that done is to support this bill. 
gentlewoman from Massachusetts accurately described how there got to be this narrow strip of Federal land from the middle of the river to the south bank. Some people don’t understand that. The gentlewoman described it exactly right. But that has been the problem for the BLM. They don’t know how to manage a narrow strip of sand down the middle of the river. It has been suggested to me that that is the reason they are looking to expand what they own, so it is easier to manage if they can make it grow. Obviously, as the chairman points out, that takes away people’s homes, property that people have the deeds to and that they have paid taxes on sometimes for generations. 
been made is that somehow Texas is going to control this survey. That is not true. This legislation says Texas, in conjunction with Oklahoma—and I think the manager’s amendment will say in conjunction with the tribes— will choose a professional surveyor to do this right. The Congressional Budget Office says this legislation actually saves the taxpayers money. Certainly, we have bent over backwards to make sure landowners on both sides of the river—the tribes, individuals, and local governments—are part of this process. 
I think the bottom line, Mr. Chairman, is the only way to prevent the BLM from taking this land in a timely 
way without years of court battles is to pass this legislation, as written, with the manager’s amendment that Chairman BISHOP will offer, requiring there 
to be a survey that is done right, and then set up the process so that whatever that survey reveals can be dealt with in an equitable manner. That is what the underlying bill does. 
taking the time to understand this. We don’t have a lot of Federal land in and around Texas, but any time the Federal Government comes in to try to confiscate what people own and have paid taxes on for generations, it is a threat to us all, and this legislation, I hope, will be supported. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ), my colleague. 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I too believe that Congress must act quickly to address terrorist threats in order to keep Americans safe. 
Congress promptly acted in a bipartisan manner this week to strengthen glaring holes in our country’s Visa Waiver Program. However, we have done absolutely nothing to close an equally alarming loophole which allows suspected terrorists to purchase guns. 
the adjudicated mentally ill, suspected terrorists can legally purchase firearms in the United States. I think that is worth repeating. Individuals who are suspected of being involved in terrorist activities by the FBI can legally purchase dangerous weapons—including militarystyle assault rifles and explosives—in this country. In fact, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list have purchased firearms over the last 11 years. 
If our intelligence community is concerned enough about an individual’s suspected ties to terrorism to prohibit them from boarding an aircraft, why would we allow that person to purchase a firearm? 
The American people are urging Congress to address gun violence and strengthen our Nation’s security against increasing threats from ISIS and other terrorist organizations. This bill provides a rare opportunity to do both. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership has refused to even debate this bill. 
act any longer. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and help ensure that every American lives free from the threat of gun violence. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), my colleague. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chairman, here is what the terrorists say: ‘‘America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms. You can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle, without a background check, and most likely without having to show an identification card.’’ 
the mouth of former al Qaeda spokesman Adam Gadahn, who, until his demise, was one of the world’s most wanted terrorists. Mr. Gadahn can be seen on a video urging lonewolf attacks on innocent Americans. 
a firearm in our country, he ends the video by saying: ‘‘So what are you waiting for?’’ 
waiting for—more attacks like San Bernardino or Paris? more families destroyed? more innocent lives wasted? more 30 seconds of silence in this Chamber? 
‘‘no’’ to the purchase of weapons by those who would use violence and threats to destroy our way of life. 
I have some other speakers who are on their way, so I will reserve in the hopes that I can hear some other speeches that care about people who are about to lose their homes by the actions of this government, that we actually care about those people. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to address an issue that has been addressed in the course of our conversations. 
the Federal Government does not and has never had any legal claim to the land between the river’s median and the south bank, but that claim is inaccurate. 
originally came into Federal ownership under the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. Treaties between 1819 and 1838 established the south bank of the Red River as the southern border of the United States and the northern border of what is now the State of Texas. In 1867, the land north of the river became part of the KiowaComancheApache Reservation, with the medial line of the river denoting the reservation’s southern boundary. 
the southern bank of the Red River was retained—not acquired—by the Federal Government as public land. The land between the medial line and the south bank has never been owned by anyone other than the Federal Government. 
1920s never ceded ownership of the public land to either State but simply adopted a new methodology and terminology for determining where the southern bank of the Red River, still the border between Texas and Oklahoma, lies. 
Although litigation in the 1980s, resulting from natural changes in the river’s location, attempted to settle private landowners’ acreage disputes, these agreements had no effect on Federal land ownership. Likewise, while the Red River Compact changed the boundary between the States by switching from applying the gradient line measurement to using the vegetation line, that compact explicitly did not transfer any title or status of land held in the public domain to Texas, Oklahoma, or any private landowner. Any claim that any litigation or agreements over the past 90plus years have somehow negated Federal ownership of these 30,000 acres simply is not true. 
I yield, once again, such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), the sponsor 
of this bill, to explain how this actually did take place and what the issue is here. 
appreciate that statement by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts. I do not disagree with anything she said, and I think I said that a while ago, that there absolutely is a legitimate Federal claim from the middle of the river to the south bank. That has been the case ever since 1803. The gentlewoman is exactly right in laying that out. 
Land Management has said now the south bank is as much as a mile to the south of where it is because they refuse to follow the survey method that the Supreme Court mandated. They have done these spot surveys the chairman mentioned. 
of the river to the south bank. It is a question of where the south bank is. In some cases, it is a tremendous difference back, and that is where they confiscate the land. It is because their new interpretation of the south bank is far, far away from the river, as I say, as much as a mile. That is the issue. That is the reason the only way to solve this is to have a professional survey define the south bank using the criteria set by the Supreme Court, and then that decides it. 
land between the south bank and the middle of the river? Absolutely. BLM has said they don’t know what they are going to do with it because it is a narrow strip of sand. But the key is to define that boundary so we don’t take away the livelihood and the homes of the people who have lived and had deeds on the land far beyond the south bank. That is what is at issue here. 
issue that my colleague from Texas has brought up, the BLM is trying to resolve the very difference that he suggests and has instituted a survey and 
would like to continue that process in order to resolve the very issue that he is raising, but it is an issue that should be retained by the Federal Government through the BLM. 
when you can’t do a survey in 6 years, maybe somebody should insist the Federal Government’s agencies do it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
if I could inquire of the gentlewoman from Massachusetts how many more speeches she has. There is one person coming down, but I don’t know if he will make it. I think, in light of the time, I am ready to close if she is ready to close. 
ready to close and yield myself such time as I may consume. 
that I sympathize with the property owners along the Red River. Providing them with certainty and assurance that their property rights are not threatened is a goal that we should all share, and we do. 
complicate an already complicated and messy situation. As introduced, it will likely lead to litigation from tribes and tribal members who stand to lose both property and mineral interests. 
Secretary of the Interior to disclaim all right, title, and interest in the affected areas and transfer survey authority to the State of Texas. It is unclear how the BLM will be able to work with property owners to clear titles after the United States has already conceded its authority over the land. 
Additionally, transferring the Federal Government survey authority to Texas is not a workable solution. It is so implausible, in fact, that the bill has triggered a veto threat from the White House. 
If there is really a problem that Congress can solve, providing Texas landowners with the certainty they desire, we should work together to come up with legislation that would earn the President’s signature. 
board. Until that happens, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
this is an issue that has been festering for 6 years now. If the Bureau of Land Management truly wanted to solve this issue, if they truly wanted to make amends, if they truly wanted to give certainty to these people, it could have happened by now. But up the food chain they have refused to do it. That is why it is incumbent upon us 
to do the right thing. We are talking about people whose property, whose homes, their future, their livelihoods, are being threatened by a government bureaucracy that simply says they don’t care. They would rather have control than solve a problem. 
a way of doing the survey in the right way, the way the Supreme Court said it should be done, doing it the right way the first time and ensuring that everyone will be part of the table. It sets out a process to actually solve this problem in a minimum amount of time. This is the right thing to do. We should go forward with that. 
on this particular issue because there are people whose lives are being threatened right now because of the uncertainty about what their property rights are and where they will not be, and that is wrong. That is simply wrong. 
wrong. If we allow it to go forward by our inability of trying to make decisions here, we are wrong, too. It is time to quit hurting people and do things that actually help them. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, first off, I 
It is no surprise that the Bureau of Land 
would be satisfied with the 653 million acres of land it currently controls and owns, which is over 27 percent of the total U.S. surface area. 
being selling land instead of trying to claim more. 
are a cloud on the title of Texas ranches. 
United States, the federal government has owned very little to no property in Texas. 
Act, if signed into law would settle these absurd claims and clearly define the borders. 
Oklahoma and Texas landowners from this Administration’s ridiculous attempt at another land grab. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Red River Private Property Protection Act’’. 
right, title, and interest to the land located south of the South Bank boundary line in the affected area. 
Bank boundary line in the affected area, the Secretary shall commission a survey. The survey shall— 
the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
by this section shall be surveyed and approved on an individual basis by the Texas General Land Office, in consultation with the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office. 
Surveys of individual parcels shall not be submitted to the Bureau of Land Management for approval. 
Not later than 1 year after the date on which 
months after the date on which the Secretary receives notification relating to a parcel under 
than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary determines a parcel is not subject to appeal, the Secretary shall— 
United States have the right to enter the parcel for the purpose of prospecting for and mining deposits. 
Secretary shall not offer a parcel of identified Federal land for purchase under section 6 if a patent request for that parcel is pending under this section. 
Oklahoma to the north with the first right of refusal; 
located in Texas to the south with the second right of refusal; 
located to the east with the third right of refusal; and 
located to the west with the fourth right of refusal; and 
Texas to the south with the first right of refusal; 
located in Oklahoma to the north with the second right of refusal; 
located to the east with the third right of refusal; and 
located to the west with the fourth right of refusal. 
judge of the Department of the Interior or a Federal court to be the property of an adjacent landowner; and 
in the parcel are reserved to the United States and subject to sale or disposal by the United States under applicable leasing and mineral land laws; 
grantees of the United States have the right to enter the parcel for the purpose of prospecting for and mining deposits; and 
The Secretary may not treat a parcel of identified Federal lands as Federal land for the purposes of a resource management plan if the treatment of such parcel does not comply with the provisions of this Act. 
shall be construed to modify the interest of Texas or Oklahoma or sovereignty rights of any federally recognized Indian tribe over lands located to the north of the South Bank boundary line as established by the survey. 
modify land patented under the Act of December 22, 1928 (Public Law 70–645; 45 Stat. 1069; 43 U.S.C. 1068; commonly known as the Color of Title Act), before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
in this Act shall be construed to modify the Red River Boundary Compact as enacted by the States of Texas and Oklahoma and consented to by the United States Congress by Public Law 106288 (114 Stat. 919). 
area’’ means lands along the approximately 116 mile stretch of the Red River from its confluence with the North Fork of the Red River on the west to the 98th meridian on the east between the States of Texas and Oklahoma. 
‘‘identified Federal lands’’ means the lands in the affected area from the South Bank boundary line north to the medial line of the Red River as identified pursuant to this Act. 
the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. 
line’’ means the visually identifiable continuous line of vegetation that is adjacent to the portion of the riverbed kept practically bare of vegetation by the natural flow of the river and is continuous with the vegetation beyond the riverbed. 
committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–375. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–375. 
I have an amendment made in order under the rule. 
Page 5, line 12, insert ‘‘and seek further judicial review’’ after ‘‘appeal’’. 
Page 5, line 18, strike ‘‘Not’’ and insert the 
court may review the case de novo and may enter a judgment enforcing, modifying, and enforcing as so modified, or setting aside in whole or in part, the decision of the administrative law judge. 
Page 6, line 20, insert ‘‘ OR JUDICIAL REVIEW ’’ 
after ‘‘ APPEAL ’’. Page 6, line 21, insert ‘‘or further judicial 
Act shall be construed to create or reinstate a tribal reservation or any portion of a tribal reservation. 
in this Act shall be construed to alter the valid rights of the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Nations to the mineral interest trust fund created pursuant to the Act of June 12, 1926. 
Insert ‘‘and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe’’ after ‘‘Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office’’ each place it appears. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 556, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and a Member opposed 
today I rise in strong support of a brilliantly written manager’s amendment to H.R. 2130. 
friend, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. THORNBERRY  
of Texas, prevents the Federal Government from claiming thousands of acres of private land legally owned by American citizens and tribes along the 116 mile stretch of the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma. 
following: It will ensure that nothing in this bill will create or reinstate a tribal reservation. It ensures that nothing in this bill alters the valid existing mineral rights of the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Nations. It allows affected federally recognized Indian tribes to be part of the survey process in addition to the States of Oklahoma and Texas. It allows landowners access to judicial review beyond the Bureau of Land Management’s administrative appeals process. 
concerns that have been brought to us by Chairman THORNBERRY , by Congressman C OLEof Oklahoma, by Oklahoma Governor Fallin, by private landowners, and by the other stakeholders who have an interest in this particular area. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . COLE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–375. 
The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 6, line 13, strike ‘‘landowners’’ and insert ‘‘federally recognized Indian tribes with jurisdiction over lands’’. 
Page 7, lines 8 and 9, strike ‘‘or deed or 
holding reservation or allotment land on June 5, 1906, with the first right of refusal; 
holding reservation or allotment land on June 5, 1906, with the first right of refusal; 
Act shall be construed to alter the present median line of the Red River as it relates to the surface or mineral interests of tribal allottees north of the present median line. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 556, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
like to start by noting how much I respect the sincerity and good intentions of my friends from Texas and their desire to settle this issue of landownership along the Red River. 
I want to particularly thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Chairman 
BISHOP , who have been extremely cooperative and helpful in trying to resolve some of these thorny issues. 
I do, however, still have serious concerns about the unintended consequences that the suggested message for resolving this issue will most certainly have on Indian tribes in my district, specifically the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache. All three tribes oppose the bill and support this amendment. 
the power to conduct a survey, the goal of which is to ascertain the exact location of the portion of the Red River currently owned by the Bureau of Land Management. 
The BLM land would be sold off in a 
threestep process. The first step provides for adverse possessors to apply for a patent to the BLM land. The second is a sale based on a rightoffirst refusal structure. The third provides for any remaining BLM land to be sold via a competitive sale process. The goal is to remove the Federal control 
stretch of the river and, by the CBO’s estimate, of roughly 30,000 acres. 
of their right to appeal any survey conducted pursuant to this legislation. 
Ensure taxpayers receive full compensation instead of $1.25 per acre, as proposed, for any Federal land. This would also discourage fraudulent patent applications to BLM land that would hinder the process of disposal. 
survey and/or subsequent purchase does not result in any diminishment or alteration of tribal surface or mineral interests. 
this amendment is an easy fix. Providing tribal landowners with notice of their right to appeal a survey determination is a fundamental notion of due process. Tribes have been left out of such notice requirements in the bill, as currently drafted. 
will help minimize the likelihood the projected litigation will commence. Litigation does nothing but unduly delay the opportunity for tribes to buy back their land at a fair market price. The $1.25 an acre price the current bill proposes is not the best deal for taxpayers, and Congress should vote to get the best value for BLM land. 
raises the standard patent applicants must meet for their applications to be approved. 
of first refusal structure for landowners to purchase BLM land by competitive sale. Indian tribes that formerly held reservation land in this part of Oklahoma, like the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache, now have the right of first refusal for any competitive sale of BLM land that takes place pursuant to this legislation. 
Finally, my amendment would disallow the survey from moving the medial line of the river north to affect the surface or mineral interests of tribal allottees north of the river in Oklahoma. 
would negatively impact tribal landowners in Oklahoma whose interests in surface, oil, gas, minerals, and water are critical to economic stability and funding for tribal government programs. 
process of giveandtake in redetermining landownership between Texans, Oklahomans, and Indian tribes. Congress should remain mindful of its trust responsibilities and tread carefully when it comes to what could very well be construed as a taking of the Constitution. 
Those in support of the bill will likely argue that tribes stand to benefit from resurveying the river, citing that 
allotments bordering the river will actually expand in certain areas. That is a big gamble to take. 
Oklahomans, nor tribal members have any indication of whether they stand to gain or lose as a result of the survey method to be used. As a result, they have everything to lose should this bill become law without the amendment. 
I urge the support of the Cole amendment to H.R. 2130. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
I have a great deal of respect for Congressman COLEand his efforts. I want 
to also offer that, as this bill continues to be processed, I will be more than happy to work on these and other issues, as we have in the past on certain issues that are in the manager’s amendment. 
bill’s rights of first refusal procedure to give precedence to some above others, whether or not they have a reasonable claim to the land or hold an adjacent allotment. That is the key point right there: is the claim and the allotment adjacent. 
The bill, as is already written, already gives the right of first refusal to those landowners who are there as long as they own the adjacent land parcel. That should not be changed. 
Secondly, the medial line is an important issue in allocating where the location of the river actually is. If you are going to solve the problem unequivocally to demonstrate the true ownership of the land, this has to be solved. Otherwise, the clouded title to private lands will continue on, as they have been by BLM’s action so far. 
clear that the medial is supposed to change as the movements of the river change. BLM’s recent survey ignored the movement of the river, which is causing the very issue that we are facing today. 
into the failed process. This amendment then runs contrary to what the Supreme Court’s decision said is the fair surveying practices that ought to have been done 6 years ago by the BLM in the first place. 
worked extensively with Congressman COLEto address some of the concerns— 
many of the concerns—that are there. I would point out just a few that have been added. 
sovereign right States under the Red River Boundary Compact. We are ensuring the State of Oklahoma and affected tribes are involved in picking surveyors and approving the survey. We are preventing the creation or reinstatement of the tribal reservation. We are ensuring that the bill does not impact the valid rights of the affected tribes to the mineral interest fund created in 1926. 
amended with the manager’s amendment, proposes a fair solution to the issue at hand, incorporates the ideas and views of those interested in a wide range of the stakeholders. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
begin by acknowledging what my friend said. I appreciate Mr. THORN BERRY and him working with us. This 
I will just say, we don’t see the 1923 
Supreme Court decision is where it started. We think it goes back to an earlier period where the tribes did not ever agree to give up their reservation land. They want an opportunity to be able to repurchase what they think was taken from them, if it should become available on the market. 
with me and look forward to continuing that process. 
may I inquire as to how much time I actually have? 
I also appreciate the considerable efforts that have gone on not just in the past few weeks and months but all the way back to the last Congress with Congressman COLE, with the Governor’s Office of Oklahoma, and with the tribes directly to try to make sure that any concern was addressed. 
overall point. Actually, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts made this really clear, which is that in going back to at least 1867 there is no tribal claim that goes south of the median line of the river. As a result, really, the only interests that could be threatened are that narrow strip of sand that the Federal Government does have a rightful claim on or its expansion beyond its rightful claim. 
tribal surface or mineral interest that is impinged by this legislation because they only ever went to the middle of the river. What we are talking about is the south bank of the river, which is what the BLM is now claiming. 
I want to address the $1.25 issue because the bill requires that any land sold to an adjacent landowner or to anybody else be sold at current market value. The only exception is if, for a period of at least 20 years, you have 
owned the land, if you have a deed to 
the land, if you have paid taxes on the land, or if the Federal Government has never made a claim on the land for at least 20 years. In that instance, then you can under color of title procedure purchase the land for $1.25 an acre if the Bureau of Land Management agrees. It is at their discretion. 
find some acreage—and I am not sure it will—that somebody has owned, has a deed to, has paid taxes on, has lived on, or if nobody else has claimed the title to it, then they don’t have to buy it twice because they already bought it once. That is the purpose of this. In every other case, you have to pay the full market value for any land. 
that the tribes are fully participating and know this about the survey, et cetera. I agree. I think the manager’s amendment that Chairman BISHOP has 
just offered ensures that the tribes participate in the survey from the beginning. Of course, they have the right to appeal just like any other landowner would. 
Mr. Chairman, I think this is the answer to a problem that needs our intervention because it is wrong to leave these people hanging for another 6 or 10 years without a complete survey that answers the question. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 246, noes 183, not voting 4, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Valadao Vela 
Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Young (IN) Zeldin 
PRICE of Georgia, BOST, Mses. ROS LEHTINEN, FOXX, Messrs. LAMALFA, 
FLORES, MEADOWS, MILLER of Florida, GOSAR, COFFMAN, GRAVES of 
MULVANEY, WOODALL, GUTHRIE, DUFFY, YOUNG of Indiana, HECK of Nevada, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Messrs. LUETKEMEYER, DUNCAN of South Carolina, SALMON, Mrs. LUMMIS, Messrs. PERRY, SMITH of Nebraska, TROTT, SENSENBRENNER, WILSON of South Carolina, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER, Messrs. CARTER of Georgia, RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, SMITH of Missouri, Mrs. BLACKBURN, Messrs. BARTON, ROKITA, and ROSKAM changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
CICILLINE, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Messrs. VARGAS, FATTAH, BUTTERFIELD, HINOJOSA, TURNER, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Messrs. YODER, GUINTA, CURBELO of Florida, STIVERS, FORTENBERRY, DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, ENGEL, and KATKO changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. S TEWART , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2130) to provide legal certainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 556, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Mr. Thompson of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 2130 to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
After section 8, add the following (and redesignate the subsequent section accordingly): 
AUTHORITY TO DENY THE SALE, DELIVERY, OR TRANSFER OF A FIREARM OR THE ISSUANCE OF A FIREARMS OR EXPLOSIVES LICENSE OR PERMIT TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS. 
GENERAL DISCRETION REGARDING TRANSFER RING FIREARMS OR ISSUING FIREARMS PERMITS TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS .—Chapter 44 
‘material support or resources’ within the meaning of section 2339A or 2339B. 
indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the applicant or licensee pertaining to firearms.’’. 
State law, or that the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A’’ before the semicolon; 
State law’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A’’; 
to deny the permit application if such other person is the subject of a determination by the Attorney General pursuant to section 922B;’’; 
State law,’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A,’’; and 
State law,’’ the following: ‘‘or if the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A,’’. 
responsible person) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’. 
the Attorney General determines that the holder of the license (including any responsible person) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’. 
General has denied the transfer of a firearm to a prospective transferee pursuant to section 922A or has made a determination regarding a firearm permit applicant pursuant to section 922B, an action challenging the determination may be brought against the United States. The petition must be filed not later than 60 days after the petitioner has received actual notice of the Attorney General’s determination made pursuant to section 922A or 922B. The court shall sustain the Attorney General’s determination on a showing by the United States by a preponderance of evidence that the Attorney General’s determination satisfied the requirements of section 922A or 922B. To make this showing, the United States may submit, and the court may rely on, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise national security. On request of the petitioner or the court’s own motion, the court may review the full, undisclosed documents ex parte and in camera. The court shall determine whether the summaries or redacted versions, as the case may be, are fair and accurate representations of the underlying documents. The court shall not consider the full, undisclosed documents in deciding whether the Attorney General’s determination satisfies the requirements of section 922A or 922B.’’. 
INSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM.—Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (Public Law 103–159) is amended— 
provide such reasons to the individual,’’ the following: ‘‘except for any information the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise national security’’; and 
the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely compromise national security’’ before the period; and 
‘‘Any petition for review of information withheld by the Attorney General under this subsection shall be made in accordance with section 925A of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
issuance of a permit or license to an applicant if the Attorney General determines that the applicant or a responsible person or employee possessor thereof is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support thereof, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use explosives in connection with terrorism.’’. 
the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I 
Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill nor send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
My motion to recommit would incorporate H.R. 1076, a Republican bill titled the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act of 2015, into the underlying bill. 
you are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list, then you don’t get to walk into a gun store, pass a background check, 
and leave with a weapon of your choice. It is an outrageous loophole. And we know it allows dangerous people to easily get guns. 
terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States. And more than 90 percent of all suspected terrorists who tried to purchase guns in the last 11 years walked away with the weapons they wanted. If there is one thing both sides of this House can agree on, it is keeping guns from terrorists. 
side have expressed some concerns. So let’s address them. 
on the list that shouldn’t be there. This is a legitimate concern. So let’s scrub the list. 
get off the list if you are wrongly put on it. This bill has an appeals process. 
people their Second Amendment rights. Well, I am a gun guy. I own guns. I support the Second Amendment. If this bill did anything to violate those rights, my name wouldn’t be on it. 
lawabiding, nondangerous people from getting guns. We are just talking about taking a pause. 
I think we can all agree that it is 
better to err on the side of caution and let people get their names taken off the list, rather than just sell them a gun and hope they are not a terrorist. 
So let’s scrub the list and make it accurate. Let’s make sure the appeals process is functional and efficient. And if someone is on the terrorist list and is denied from buying a gun, let’s pump the brakes and make sure they are, in fact, not a terrorist before that sale is allowed to proceed. 
stands ready to address your concerns. Will your side do the same? Will you address our concern about terrorists being able to have legal and easy access to guns? 
straightforward step to keep spouses, kids, and communities safe. We can take this vote today. I have filed a discharge petition on the bill. We just need a simple majority to sign it. You can do it right now. 
If House Republicans agree that terrorists shouldn’t be able to get guns, then walk down to the well, sign your name on the line, and let’s have a vote. 
It is your own party’s bill. It was supported by George W. Bush’s Department of Justice. All it does is prevent suspected terrorists from getting guns—in the exact same way we prevent criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill from getting guns. 
your concerns. Do the same for us. Work with our side to keep guns from suspected terrorists. 
This is an issue we can all come together on. 2,000 suspected terrorists buying guns is 2,000 too many. So let’s stop it. Let’s take a stand. Put your name down in writing and let’s take a vote. 
claim the time in opposition, and I continue to reserve a point of order. 
despite the fact that our colleagues, Mr. MCCLINTOCK and D ONYOUNG , were 
put on this watch list—actually, for DONYOUNG maybe it fits. 
subject matter that is different from the bill. The fundamental purpose of the motion is unrelated to the bill. 
I insist on my point of order. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to be heard on the point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California may be heard on the point of order. 
Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California should understand that the Chair has not ruled on the point of order. 
The Chair will now rule. The gentleman from Utah makes a 
point of order that the instructions proposed in the motion to recommit offered by the gentleman from California involve a subject matter different from the bill. 
Clause 7 of rule XVI, the germaneness rule, provides that no proposition on a subject different from that under consideration shall be admitted under color of amendment. 
between Texas and Oklahoma drawn by the Red River. Though the bill touches on a number of aspects of property management, it does so only with respect to a narrow geographic area. 
The amendment proposed in the motion to recommit makes a variety of changes to title 18 of the United States Code relating to the sale, possession, licensing, and distribution of firearms and explosives. It has no bearing on the land addressed in the underlying bill. 
proposed in the motion to recommit goes beyond the subject matter of the underlying bill. It is, therefore, not germane. The point of order is sustained. 
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if arising without further proceedings in recommittal, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 246, nays 182, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M CCARTHYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
to remind Members that there will be votes in the House on Friday, which I expect to end by early afternoon. 
Members that votes are no longer expected in the House this weekend. However, Members should continue to keep their schedules flexible for possible votes in the House on Monday, and I will let Members know more details about that for next week as soon as possible. 
Mr. MCCARTHY. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. 
be that, if there were votes, no votes would occur prior to 6:30? 
no votes before 6:30, and I will let the gentleman know prior to departing on Friday whether we are in on Monday. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
of us on the Rules Committee voted to bring up a bill that would prevent terrorists from buying guns, but Republicans on the committee blocked that 
loophole by defeating the previous question, and Republicans have blocked those attempts. 
get an upordown vote on this bill that prevents terrorists from buying guns? 
Chair will not entertain a parliamentary inquiry that does not relate, in a practical sense, to the present proceedings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
am I correct that insisting on the point of order prevents the House from voting on the gentleman from California’s motion to recommit? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has not stated a proper parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
correct that the gentleman from California’s motion to recommit would close the loophole that currently allows terrorists who are on the nofly list to buy guns? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has not stated a proper parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, further parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, is it true that the Republicans have repeatedly blocked legislation that would explicitly prevent terrorists from buying guns? 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, why can we not get an answer to this question? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has not stated a proper parliamentary inquiry. 
question on passage to a vote of the House. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
there any Members wishing to seek a recorded vote or the yeas and nays? 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on passage will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 253, nays 177, not voting 3, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Grayson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
colleagues to join me in using the power of the purse to stop the reckless 
policies of President Obama that leave the citizens of the United States vulnerable. Americans overwhelmingly support this. 
that they cannot fully screen the thousands of refugees that the President wants to bring in from Syria, Somalia, Iraq, and other regions with high rates of terrorism. Illegal immigrants from Syria, Libya, Somalia, and other hotbeds of terrorism continue to test the openness of our southern border. The loopholes in the screening of immigrants from hotbeds of terrorism are being exploited, and the administration opposes closing them. 
of the year appropriations bill, to end these dangerous policies. 
against any bill rushed to the floor that fails to stop these reckless policies. 
criticism from foreign nationals that leave Americans vulnerable. This is our chance to stop future San Bernardinos, Parises, Chattanoogas, Garlands, and Ft. Hoods. The lives of these American citizens are worth it. Indeed, they cry out for it. 
Andrew Fryberg, 15 years old. Zoe Galasso, 14. Gia Soriano, 14. Shaylee Chuckulnaskit, 14. Charleston, South Carolina, June 17, 
Susie Jackson, 87 years old. Daniel Simmons, 74. Ethel Lance, 70. Myra Thompson, 59. Cynthia Hurd, 54. 
DePayne Middleton Doctor, 49. Sharonda ColemanSingleton, 45. Clementa Pinckney, 41. Tywanza Sanders, 26. Navy Yard, Washington, D.C., September 16, 2013: 
John Roger Johnson, 73 years old. Kathleen Gaarde, 62. Vishnu Pandit, 61. Michael Arnold, 59. Gerald Read, 58. Martin Bodrog, 54. Sylvia Frasier, 53. Richard Michael Ridgell, 52. Frank Kohler, 51. Mary Frances DeLorenzo Knight, 51. Mr. Speaker, my time has expired, 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this past Sunday, the people of Venezuela took to the polls and, in a loud, clear voice, deposed the Chavista ruling party from the National Assembly. 
Polls leading up to the election indicated that a vast majority, 87 percent of Venezuelans, were dissatisfied with the direction that Maduro and his cronies were taking the country. 
to having the hemisphere’s highest inflation rate, causing critical shortages of food and medicine, as well as the collapse of the Venezuelan currency and rampant crime. 
pledged to make necessary reforms to get a handle on the economy. It has also promised to pass laws to release the political prisoners that have been unjustly arrested by the Maduro regime. 
moment for the Venezuelan people, and it charts a new course for their destiny. However, there is still hard work that needs to be done to ensure a thriving, prosperous, and just Venezuela, at peace with itself and with its people. 
and the Venezuelan community in the United States on this momentous occasion. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
and Drug Administration has an extremely important job to make certain that our food is safe, but it is often misguided and overreaches in some of its regulations. 
that would severely impact artisan cheese producers. They have proposed a safety standard that seeks to limit the level of nontoxigenic E. coli found in raw milk cheeses. 
scientific connection between meeting that standard and improving food and safety. Yet, there is a very practical, burdensome impact on our artisan cheese makers. 
global food safety body, the European Union, and many U.S. food safety experts have argued that monitoring raw milk cheeses for nontoxigenic E. coli is absolutely unwarranted. In spite of that international consensus, the FDA is forging ahead, and it is going to do real damage to our artisan cheese makers. 
rigorous protocols in place to ensure safety. That is why I led a bipartisan, bicameral group of colleagues in sending a letter to FDA raising concerns with this standard: FDA, do your job, but get it right. 
CURBELO of Florida). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) is recognized for 60 minutes 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, I want 
to thank my friend and colleague from New Jersey, Congresswoman BONNIE  
on so many issues, and for allowing us to use the Congressional Progressive Caucus’ time tonight to organize this Special Order on poverty and its impacts on American families. 
friend and colleague from Missouri, and thank our cochair of the Congressional Black Caucus’ Poverty and Economy Task Force, Congressman CLEAVER , for his leadership on poverty, 
opportunity, housing, and so many issues that he cares about and has been a champion about for so many years. 
friend and whip, Mr. HOYER , his unwavering commitment is very evident in making poverty a priority for this body. 
thank her and recognize her for her commitment to the most vulnerable, and for reminding us constantly that 20 percent of America’s children continue to live below the poverty line. 
So this evening, I rise as the chair of 
the Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, and cochair of our Congressional Black Caucus’ Task Force on Poverty and the Economy to call on all of our colleagues, and our country, really, to refocus our efforts on programs and policies in funding that help lift Americans out of poverty, but also to remember that there is a safety net that has to be preserved until we can do just that: People want to work; people want opportunity. 
us tonight in creating a national strategy to eradicate poverty once and for all. 
remarks and yield to my friend and colleague from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ), 
former chair of the Congressional Black Caucus and member of the Education Committee and the Ag Committee. She has been, consistently, since she has been in Congress, and before she came to Congress, worked and spoke on behalf of the most vulnerable in our country. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
I just want to say that there is no 
one in this Congress who works harder and puts in more time trying to find a way to come back and eradicate poverty than BARBARA LEE. It is my pleasure and my privilege to work with you every day. I have learned so much from you, and I just want you to continue to do the people’s work, and I appreciate it. 
that many of us know far too well, and that is poverty. I see its impact on the people of the 11th Congressional District every day. 
most impoverished cities. The overall poverty rate is 28 percent. Out of the 435 Congressional districts in the United States, my district is one of the top 20 poorest districts in America. 
in poverty. I see and talk to poor people every day. Mothers and fathers without jobs, families with little to no access to healthy food or adequate housing, and children—yes, Mr. Speaker, children—who are in overcrowded classrooms with outdated textbooks. 
most persistent social and economic issues. It permeates our entire society and has victimized too many Americans for far too long. 
hearing on hunger or poverty to tell us what we already know. We know what the problems are and how to address them. 
proactive in finding solutions to eradicate poverty in this, the wealthiest country in the world. I have introduced bills supporting initiatives to feed children and families, fought to protect safetynet programs, and insisted Congress develop policies that create jobs that pay a living wage. 
been a willing participant. Some Members believe that if you don’t work, you are lazy. Others believe that poor people are looking for handouts. 
that is true. The people I have spoken to are not looking for a handout. They simply need a hand up, a job to take care of their families and pay their bills. The dignity of work is what we all want. 
policies that give everyone a fair chance at the American Dream. When we do not work together, our constituents suffer. 
is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ 
We must act now. Ms. LEE. I thank the gentlewoman 
for her very powerful statement and for, once again, her leadership. I want to remind this body that she 
has been such an active advocate on behalf of those needing that safety net of SNAP and food stamp benefits and for making sure that people have the right to eat in this country regardless of how much money they have. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the ranking member on the 
Appropriation Committee’s Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, on which I am honored to serve. Every day she is a champion on behalf of all of those who we are discussing tonight in terms of making sure they have an opportunity to live the American Dream. 
this effort this evening. It isn’t just this evening. Every day, 24 hours a day, in her heart of hearts, she knows what her mission is here. That is to make sure that there is a better life for our families and to make sure that there is a better life for our children. It is an honor to work with her on these issues. 
the strength of a nation starts with the strength of its families. The child tax credit was created in 1997 to help working families afford the expense of raising children. As we all know only too well, the cost of childrearing goes up every single year. 
the Department of Agriculture, the average twoparent, lowincome household will spend more than $218,000 per child up to the age of 18. Middleincome families will spend even more. We in this body have an obligation to do what we can to help households cope with these mounting costs. 
Today the child tax credit helps improve the lives of some 38 million families. According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, in 2013, the child tax credit alone lifted 3.1 million people out of poverty, including 1.7 million children. The child tax credit, together with the earned income tax credit, lift more children out of poverty than any other Federal program. 
credit, a household with two children and one fulltime minimum wage earner receives a total credit of about $1,812 per year. That is a real help to families who might otherwise struggle just to make ends meet. Unfortunately, each year, the value of that credit declines with inflation as the cost of raising a child increases each year. 
made the estate tax cut both permanent and indexed to inflation. The beneficiaries of the estate tax are one tenth of a percent of the people in this Nation. It strictly benefits the children of the wealthy. I don’t want to deny them benefits, but I want us to consider the children in lowincome families. 
working families with the child tax credit. We should provide a costofliving increase as costs go up for raising children. By the end of this decade, the simple measure would save an estimated 750,000 children from falling back into poverty. 
California, is that there are about 7,450 estates in the United States that benefit from the estate tax. If we indexed— provided a cost of living—for the child tax credit, 19 million children could be lifted out of poverty. Where is our balance? Where is our sense of right and wrong? 
The value of indexing our antipoverty programs cannot be understated. Because Social Security benefits are indexed, the rate of seniors in poverty has been relatively stable, at close to 10 percent for the last four decades. Because SNAP benefits—food stamp benefits—were reindexed in the 2008 farm bill, families saw the value of their benefits stabilize. 
The biggest economic challenge facing our country today is that far too many hardworking people are still not earning enough to make ends meet. Middle class wages are stagnant or are in decline. We need to do whatever we can to support working people. 
to struggle to raise a child. By indexing the value of the child tax credit— providing the cost of living—and making the expansion permanent, we would help millions of parents afford these costs by giving them a permanent tax break, which helps families and does not lose its value over time. 
This year, at this time, we should reaffirm our Nation’s support for its hardworking families. We should provide them with the same benefit that we provided the children of the 1 percent when we made the estate tax exemption permanent and indexed it to inflation. 
families that we are talking about— and these are not my words, but those of Economist Mark Zandi, who was the economist for JOHNMCCAIN. 
most stimulative in our economy, he talked about food stamps because people spend that money. He talked about extending unemployment benefits because people spend that money right away and engage and drive our economy. He also talked about the refundable tax credits, like the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit, because people will spend that money and use it to drive our economy. 
I want to say a thank you to my colleague from California. It is an important discussion. I thank the gentlewoman for organizing it and for always being there to make sure that those of us who serve here do not forget and that we keep our focus where it should 
be, on the sons and the daughters and the children of working families, of lowincome families, and of middle class families. Ms. LEE. I thank the gentlewoman 
from Connecticut for that very poignant statement and for her tremendous leadership each and every day. 
Also, I want to thank the gentlewoman for laying out what the choices are in terms of our priorities and the fact that we know how to eliminate, really, poverty if we just have the will to. So I thank the gentlewoman for laying it out. 
colleague from New Jersey, Congresswoman WATSON COLEMAN , who each 
and every day is so consistent with her votes and her voice in terms of doing what is right for children, for the American people, for her constituency. 
the time this evening to talk about poverty because that certainly is a priority of hers. With the Progressive Caucus, she has just hit the ground running and has really captured this moment to talk about the issues that the American people care about. 
the gentlewoman for yielding and for organizing, coordinating, this opportunity for this discussion. I thank the gentlewoman because she is the most vibrant and is the strongest voice for those who are the most vulnerable in our communities across this Nation. 
problem in America. It is a crisis. We are not doing enough about it. 
In September, the Census Bureau released the newest data on the number of Americans living below the poverty line. The report further confirms what my colleagues and I have been trying to get the majority in this body to acknowledge, and that is that poverty may be one of the greatest challenges facing our Nation right now. 
the same. The poverty rate remained the same as well. Women and minorities did worse than the average. Overall, nearly 15 percent of American families—almost 47 million people—earn less than $24,000 a year. 
that the way we calculate the poverty rate has several inherent flaws, and when you dive deeper into the numbers on this issue, you come up with a picture of an America that is deeply broken. 
a single year. Last year, for example, 22 percent of all children lived in families that fell below the poverty line, something we should be embarrassed by in not devoting more resources to fixing. 
and when you look at the span of childhood, you find that nearly 40 percent of our children have spent at least 1 year in poverty, double what we see in a single year. We have more children who are living in poverty than in most developed nations. 
call to all of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who so frequently invoke the need to protect our 
children’s futures when they are debating bills here on the floor. 
In case that is not enough, here is another indicator: The number of people who are living in high poverty areas— better known as slums—doubled between 2000 and 2013. That is a very big deal because living in an impoverished community fundamentally changes the futures of children. 
they are more likely to be poor later in life, less likely to achieve in school, less likely to find jobs, less likely to achieve the milestones that are necessary to change their trajectories, like graduating from high school and attending college, and they are more likely to end up in one of our penal institutions. 
that we are not doing enough to fix poverty. In fact, in some cases, we are making it worse. Take housing assistance programs, for example. 
We leave it up to the States to dole 
out funds for lowincome housing programs. These States then place the overwhelming majority of lowincome developments in already lowincome areas, depriving those families of quality schools, of access to jobs, and of a variety of social services that more affluent communities benefit from. 
hard against just such discrimination with legislation that required all communities to build affordable homes. We need the same kind of initiatives at the Federal level, laws that will ensure affordable housing exists beyond urban and lower income boundaries, that will give working families access to child care, that will lower the cost of college, and that will increase wages. 
really means every time we deny a costofliving increase or refuse to give Federal workers the pay they deserve. Groceries still cost more every year. Rent still goes up. Bus fare gets higher. We are asking them to do more with less because we are unwilling to enact policies that actually work. That is flat out wrong. 
Mr. Speaker, for many of the challenges facing our Nation, we have yet to find a clear solution. Poverty isn’t one of those. With the willpower to act, we could eradicate poverty and build a stronger future for generations to come. 
from New Jersey for her very eloquent statement, but also for laying out a pathway out of poverty. 
this together in an integrated approach. Whether it is child care, whether it is housing, whether it is SNAP benefits, whether it is higher education, whether it is K–12, Congresswoman WATSON COLEMAN has laid out 
the intricacies of what we mean when we talk about pathways out of poverty. 
for taking us to the next level in terms of how we need to really view our strategies. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
our Democratic whip, who has really insisted that we, as a body, look at how we develop our pathways out of poverty within the context of our Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, because it takes opportunity to help lift people out of poverty. 
Maryland for making this a priority for this body and for continuing to beat the drum on behalf of those who have the least. 
BARBARA LEEin this House has been focused on how we lift those in poverty out of poverty and into the middle class. 
Of course, as she so well says, it will 
be good for those in poverty, but it will also be good for all the rest of us. They will help build a better economy. They will help grow jobs, and they will help America be stronger. 
the Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, for this Special Order. 
Economy Task Force for the work that it has done in this area. 
health. Poverty is bad for your mental health. Poverty is bad for children. Poverty is bad for families. 
Johnson declared unconditional War on Poverty, 46 million Americans are still struggling in poverty. That is not to say we haven’t made some progress. There are programs we have adopted. 
poverty program. Our seniors are better off, and far less of them are in poverty because of Medicare. Medicaid is a critical program to make sure that those who cannot afford it are, nevertheless, given health care, which is important for all of us to have healthy citizens with whom we deal on a daily basis. 
wealthiest nation on Earth, but we can best measure America’s economic success not by how many are at the very top, but how few are stuck at the bottom of the economic ladder. By that measure, we have a long way to go to fulfill America’s promise as a land of equal opportunity and of success. 
and poor trace the old divides of race and background, with 29 percent of Native Americans, 26 percent of African Americans, and 23 percent of Latinos living in poverty. Poverty also strikes, of course, our 
rural communities. In fact, in many respects, there is more poverty in our rural communities than in our cities 
and urban communities. It is more visible in our cities because they are aggregated; although, we ought not to forget that literally—as I just mentioned about minorities—millions and millions of nonminorities struggle in poverty every day. Poverty strikes children at a higher rate, unfortunately, one in five children in America, as our leader says. 
working hard to raise awareness in Congress of these very real and very difficult challenges of poverty in America and to provoke policies that help alleviate suffering in the short term while working to eradicate poverty over the long term. 
an issue on which he is focused, and he has visited areas of poverty in our country. We could recognize poverty. We can visit those in poverty. But what it is important to do, Mr. Speaker, and what BARBARA LEEis leading us 
to do, is to adopt policies that almost eliminate, reduce, and empower those in poverty. 
Poverty, of course, ought to be first, do no harm. This means making sure that we refrain from disinvesting in the critical programs that serve the poor and help millions stave off hunger, homelessness, and disease. Mr. Speaker, we ought to have those criteria in mind when we consider the appropriations bills, tax bills, and other policies that affect our people. 
budget deal prevented the return of sequestration’s severe and painful automatic cuts, which would have disproportionately harmed the most vulnerable in our economy. Now Congress has a responsibility to follow that up by passing an omnibus and avert a shutdown. 
not enough. Congress has a responsibility first and foremost to help create jobs that put Americans back to work and enable them to rise out of poverty and, as Congressman COLEMAN WATSON  
indicated, to make sure that, when we ask people and give people the opportunity to work, we value that work and pay them a living wage. 
of poverty if it keeps lurching from one manufactured crisis—when I say ‘‘it,’’ our policies here in Congress on budgets, on debt, on investment, and on taxes—to the next. If we lurch from one crisis to another, we will not be able to succeed in enabling and empowering those currently in poverty. We need to work together to invest in education, workforce training, and innovation to make our workforce more competitive and open doors of opportunity for those looking to get hired. 
assistance for housing and nutrition as well as access to health care, especially 
for children. Poverty need not be a cycle and should not be a cycle from generation to generation. That is debilitating certainly for them, but we ought to all recognize it is debilitating for us, our communities, and our country. 
been that this cycle can be broken. That is what we think about America. Even if you are born in circumstances that are tough, if you work hard and play by the rules, you can rise above it. We need to make sure that we give them that opportunity. 
that hard work pays off, that those who have jobs can earn enough not only to get by, but to get ahead. This means making child care more affordable for working parents, enacting paid leave to care for sick loved ones, and raising the minimum wage. 
The new Speaker, Mr. RYAN, has indicated he takes very seriously the issue of poverty, as I said. I hope we can work together to address that problem in a serious, responsible, and effective manner. Not to do so would be a grave disservice to the future of our country and its people. 
find agreement is in expanding the earned income tax credit to childless adults, which could lift an additional half a million Americans out of poverty. In addition to that, we ought to index the ITC, we ought to index the child tax credit, and we ought to index the opportunity tax credit so that we can empower and enable those who are working, those who have children that we want wellcared for and safe to be more productive citizens. 
Democratic Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Income Equality, and Opportunity and the CBC’s Poverty and Economy Task Force, led by my good friend Representative CLEAVER , for all 
the work they are doing to wage this War on Poverty with the determination and purpose this challenge requires. 
mentioned. In terms of ‘‘first, do no harm,’’ a couple of years ago—and this was with bipartisan support—in all of our appropriations bills, we put in language that said that we will do nothing in this legislation that would increase poverty. We did that on a bipartisan basis. Also, when Speaker RYAN was 
the chair of the Budget Committee, we talked about poverty and tried to determine a way to put into legislation— it was our job to develop a national strategy to eliminate poverty. 
think is very important in terms of a window of opportunity for us to work 
do this in terms of reducing and eliminating poverty for the 46 million people who deserve to live the American Dream. I think that this task force and yourself, really, with Speaker RYAN 
should be able to do this on behalf of the American people. 
hope she is correct, and I believe she is absolutely correct that we can work in a bipartisan fashion. There is nobody in this House who wants to see people in poverty. We may have different views of how to achieve the objective of empowering all of our people to seize the opportunity and to be paid a living wage and to support themselves and their family in a way we want them supported. We can work together—I agree with the gentlewoman—in a bipartisan fashion on that issue. I thank her for her leadership in achieving that objective. 
individual whom I have known for many, many years who has been consistent over the years on behalf of supporting pathways out of poverty, the most vulnerable, our immigrants, our immigrant women, our children. Congresswoman LUCILLE ROYBAL ALLARD  
serves on the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, which Ranking Member ROSADELAURO serves 
on also. She has done unbelievable work on this subcommittee, again, being as consistent as she has ever been since I served with her in the nineties in the California Legislature. 
I would like to focus on child poverty. Before I do, I would like to commend my colleague, Congresswoman BARBARA LEE, for her long and steadfast 
commitment to addressing the crisis of child poverty in our Nation. 
According to the 2015 National Center for Children in Poverty report, in the United States, more than 16 million children live in families with incomes below the Federal poverty level. A new study by the Urban Institute found that almost 40 percent of all American children live in poverty for at least 1 year before they reach the age of 18. 
percent of the U.S. population, make up over 32 percent of those living in poverty. Sadly, my home State of California is an example of this human tragedy. Today, 2.5 million Californians live in deep poverty, and 33 percent of them are children whose family income is less than $12,000 a year. In my district alone, 37,000 children live in extreme poverty. 
with poverty include substandard housing, lack of nutrition, overcrowding, and exposure to violence, all of which can be toxic to a developing child’s brain. Research tells us that, even 
when experienced for a short period of time, many of the negative effects of living in poverty stay with children for the rest of their lives. This includes higher rates of health and developmental problems, poor academic achievement, and lower rates of high school graduation. 
of child poverty, it ultimately impacts all of us, costing our country an estimated $500 billion a year in lost earnings, higher crimerelated costs, and increased health expenditures. 
awareness and government accountability for the devastating crisis of child poverty in our country. 
and I offered an amendment to the Labor HHS appropriations bill to fund a comprehensive National Academies of Science nonpartisan analysis of child poverty in the U.S. 
to better understand the root causes of child poverty in our Nation. It would provide invaluable information on how Congress and service providers can improve the effectiveness and outcomes of povertyrelated programs and services. 
Fortunately, our appropriations colleagues on both sides of the aisle agreed with us and unanimously supported our amendment. We are grateful that it was included in the final House version of the FY16 Labor Health and Human Services bill. 
package of bills being conferenced with Senate appropriators. It is our sincere hope that our child poverty amendment will be included in the conferenced Labor, Health, and Human Services appropriations bill for FY16. 
that, in the United States, the richest country in the world, child poverty is destroying the lives of millions of our Nation’s children. We must address this tragedy now. I thank Congresswoman LEEfor organizing this Special 
Order and for her relentless leadership in the call to action to end child poverty in this country. 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Los Angeles, California, for her very powerful statement, but also once again for her tremendous leadership on the Committee on Appropriations and in her district on so many issues, especially relating to children. It would never happen if it were not for Congresswoman LUCILLE  
in the conference report. But, if it doesn’t, it is certainly not because you haven’t worked hard and have not been committed to reducing and eliminating childhood poverty. I am pretty confident that we are going to win this one. Thank you again for being here 
down and put some charts up in the well and speak so that the statistics will be very visible before the public as it relates to the poverty rates in the United States. 
First, let me just say, Mr. HOYER , our 
whip, talked about the 50th anniversary this year of President Johnson’s War on Poverty. Now, this War on Poverty included such initiatives as Medicare, Medicaid, Head Start, the Higher Education Act, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. There was a very important immigration bill—you name it—50 years ago. 
really has helped to reduce our poverty rates in the United States. Poverty has fallen from 26 percent in 1967 to 15 percent in 2015. Yet, we have a long way to go. It is not time to end this War on Poverty. 
efforts to make sure that the 47 million people living in poverty have access to all of these initiatives that were begun 50 years ago that really have lifted families out of poverty and have prevented families from moving into poverty. That is very important to remember about this 50th year anniversary. 
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, for example, SNAP, that has kept nearly 5 million Americans, including 2.2 million children, out of poverty in 2014. That is why we do not want to see any more cuts to this program. 
Social Security benefits kept 1.2 million children out of poverty in 2013. Medicaid kept nearly 3 million people out of poverty in 2014. 
Programs beyond the War on Poverty, like the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit, which Congresswoman DELAURO and Whip H OYER  
spoke about, these two initiatives, these two policies and programs, have kept nearly 10 million Americans, including 5 million children, out of poverty in 2014 alone. These programs strengthen our economy, increase opportunity for families, and provide millions of Americans with pathways out of poverty. 
Republican colleagues understand these facts and not gut these critical programs because they are extremely important. We do not need to continue to fund tax breaks and giveaways to corporations and the wellconnected while so many people are still living below the poverty line. 
more to the rich is really shameful and utterly unacceptable. We need to come together to really begin to recognize that we have got to lift people out of poverty and create a level playing field so that everyone can have the opportunity to live the American Dream. Cuts to these programs not only cost 
our government more money—the taxpayers, in the long run—but it is really morally wrong to cut these programs. 
Now, as a former food stamp recipient myself and public assistance recipient, I know firsthand just how important these safety net programs are. I would not be here today if it were not for that lifeline, that bridge over troubled waters, that these types of programs extended to me when I was a single mother, on welfare, raising two amazing sons, trying to get my life together so that I could move on and take care of my family and live the American Dream. 
be on food stamps. No one. Everyone wants a goodpaying job that allows them to provide for their family and contribute to society. They want to take care of their kids. There are bumps in the road, yes, and now the economy has turned around for many, but not for all. 
needed now more than ever. I hope that, in the negotiations in this omnibus bill, we are going to make sure we remember these people and not raid the programs that keep people out of poverty and provide a safety net. As Mr. HOYER said, let’s do no harm in this 
bill and let’s help people move into the middle class. 
We must recommit ourselves to combating poverty and inequality once and for all. It really is a disgrace when you look at these charts, when you see the percentage of people living below the poverty line, and this is in the wealthiest and most powerful country in the world. 
Communities of color, of course, are disproportionately impacted and affected, but American Indians, Alaska Natives, African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans, Asian Pacific Islanders, Whites living below the poverty line in Appalachia and rural America. There are people living in poverty all over the country. 
percent of the population of California, mind you, is living in poverty. That is almost 2 percentage points higher than the national average, and that is in California. 
While many people believe that poverty only touches cities and urban communities, as our whip indicated, our rural communities continue to be plagued with persistent poverty while lacking many of the resources found in cities, such as public transit, food banks, and access to critical workforce training. 
According to the United States Census Bureau, 85 percent of our Nation’s persistent poverty counties, defined as 20 percent or more of a population living in poverty, are in rural America. 
Mr. CLYBURN , our Democratic Assistant Leader, has laid out a formula for years—10, 20, 30—which would direct and target Federal resources to these counties and to these areas that would lift people out of poverty. We need to 
really understand where people are and make sure that our tax dollars go to those communities to lift people out of poverty. 
More than onethird of rural Americans and one in four rural children live in poverty in 2015. These statistics are appalling. Poverty touches our population that really needs help the most, including our children and our seniors. 
now, that is 15 percent of all people over 65 years of age—are living in poverty. Even worse, while children make up just 23 percent of the population in the United States, they account for onethird of all Americans living in poverty. That is one in five kids. That is just plain wrong. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California has 15 minutes remaining. 
Ms. LEE. I would like to in just a 
minute yield to my colleague from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ), who would like 
to take the floor and talk about poverty in her own community. She has been such a tremendous voice on eliminating poverty and working to lift those who live below the poverty line out of poverty. 
country living on the minimum wage have to make choices each and every day. She knows that. She is here to speak to that. I really appreciate her presence tonight on the floor. 
really appreciate you inviting me and allowing me the opportunity to speak tonight on this very important subject. 
you are doing to highlight this issue and end poverty in America. Thank you on behalf of my district and all the districts across the country. 
are rural counties that face many unique challenges, like access to social services, access to quality education, and access to health care. All of these issues are complicated by a cycle of poverty. This is especially prevalent in areas like Gadsden County, where more than 26 percent of the population live in poverty. 
four Americans to live in poverty in any part of our country. We must do more to help rural families break the cycle of poverty and move into the middle class. 
working to do this is the United States Department of Agriculture’s StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. Since its inception in 2010, StrikeForce teams have collaborated with more than 500 community partners and public entities across 20 States to bring targeted assistance to rural areas experiencing chronic poverty. StrikeForce efforts have helped direct over $16 billion in investments to create jobs, build homes, feed kids, assist farmers, and conserve natural resources in the country’s most economically challenged areas. 
StrikeForce into more States, I urge them to bring this program to Florida, especially to north Florida and Gadsden County. Farmers in rural communities are the backbone of our State, and StrikeForce will help develop our economy, create jobs, and fight rural poverty. 
LEE, for bringing attention to this important issue. I look forward to working with you to end poverty across our country. 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida for that very important statement and for once again raising the issue of rural poverty and the StrikeForce and the fact that we know how to eliminate poverty. 
that. I know your constituents are very proud of you, and you are waging a noble fight each and every day on their behalf. Thank you for being here this evening. 
which I would like to discuss for just a few minutes. That is the issue of raising the minimum wage. We know that raising the minimum wage is not only good for our hardworking families, but it also makes economic sense, too. 
According to the Economic Policy Institute, raising the minimum wage to $12 an hour by 2020 would lift more than 35 million Americans out of poverty—that is just to $12 an hour. But in many parts of the country, even $12 is not sufficient. We are mounting campaigns around the country for $15 an hour. In some communities and States, you can barely get by on $15 an hour, but raising it to $12 is a step forward. Just raising the minimum wage is a step forward. 
They are part of the working poor. They are working two jobs, and they still have to rely on SNAP benefits, Medicaid, and Section 8 housing. 
and so we have got to have a living wage. We have got to raise the minimum wage and get to a living wage so that everyone in our country can live the American Dream, as we continue to say, and so that opportunity can be provided for everyone. 
and barely can make it with children because their wages are stagnant and they are just too low to be able to survive in this American society. So raising the minimum wage to a living wage is a critical strategy. It is a critical policy that this body should embrace and pass. 
has been here in Congress, especially on behalf of the most vulnerable in our society: the poor and the working poor. His voice and his work has certainly been a major contributor in terms of our task force growing to over 100 members. Thank you again for being a member of the task force and for what you do each and every day. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and my privilege to serve alongside you, Congresswoman, with all of the bigness of your heart and the care that you have for people, particularly those who are on their way up. You don’t have anything against those who are already in place and doing well, but your heart is constantly on display toward those who are less fortunate. I am just privileged and honored to join you in that quest. 
morning, we celebrated the 150th anniversary of the passage of the 13th Amendment abolishing slavery in America. And to think back 150 years and look at the 100 years it took from that point to get to the point where we could pass a Voting Rights Act here in America, and then from that 50year point up to today to be addressed by an African American President of the United States shows what kind of values we have in this country, what kind of opportunities we have in this country. 
And so I am just filled with great tidings during this holiday season; however, I am not carried off by the winds of prosperity that may have come to some of us while to others the winds of prosperity have passed us by for various reasons, despite all of the progress that we have made as a people. 
is not a Black or White thing; it is a people thing. We have more Caucasian Americans living in poverty than we have African Americans. So poverty is not a discriminator when it comes to national origin, when it comes to race, or when it comes to sex. 
The fact is we have more women living in poverty and we have more children living in poverty. There is nothing to be joyful about that. We have more elderly people falling into poverty today. 
Americans between the ages of 45 and 60 who, studies show, are meeting an early and untimely death at their own hands—suicide. Also, alcoholism and drug abuse are ravaging that particular demographic, as well as liver disease and other chronic ailments. 
sense of hopelessness that pervades the people at this particular time. We see all of the prosperity. We see the prosperity of the few, the top 1 percent. You can look at the top 10 percent and see the concentration of wealth in this country. You see it, you watch the TV, and you aspire for all of the goods that are displayed to you on TV, but yet there is a sense of hopelessness about you being able to achieve that, despite 
the fact that you are working two and three jobs and still qualify for food stamps and other social services. 
hard work and the effort, the playing field is not level and the game is skewed in favor of the few on top at the expense of the masses on the bottom, and so something is wrong with that picture. That is an imbalance that we need to correct. So that is why I am so happy to work on the Out of Poverty Caucus. 
done’’; but I am one of those who say that, if we don’t try, it won’t be done. If we try, it can make a difference. 
place to make the policy decisions that we make here in Congress, there is so much that we can do to relieve poverty in this country and to offer opportunity for people who only want to work hard and play by the rules. They long for the day to return when they can look at their children and their grandchildren and rest assured knowing that the opportunities for them will be at least, if not greater than, those that existed for themselves. 
And so our job is to make things better on the ground for people. Our mission is to help those who need help. There are always going to be some people who need it, and there is nothing wrong with helping somebody who needs help. In fact, that is what living is all about: serving your fellow man. That is why I am here. I know that is why you are here, and I am just happy to serve with you. 
I would add that it has been 51 years 
since 1964 when President Lyndon B. Johnson launched the War on Poverty, an ambitious set of initiatives to increase access to education, spur job growth, and improve nutrition and health to our poorest Americans. Fifty one years later, it is estimated that up to 45 million Americans live in poverty. In the greatest Nation on Earth, there are 45 million starving children, impoverished seniors, and families that struggle every day to obtain the bare necessities to survive. 
week, I tried to exist on the food stamp challenge with you, Congresswoman, and that was tough. I got off of it after, I think, about 5 days. To try to exist on what we give the average food stamp recipient is quite tough. 
who are 50 or older and whose income level is less than $22,000 a year struggle 
with hunger. In my district, that is an important issue, because in DeKalb County, 10 percent of the people live below the poverty line, and the majority of those are children. In Rockdale County, it is 13 percent. 
his message of hope tonight and for reminding us of the fact that poverty does take its toll on the mental health and wellbeing of the human spirit. 
who participated. I hope we can move in a bipartisan fashion to address some 
of the major, major issues that this body knows that it can address if it so chooses. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to offer remarks on poverty and income inequality in America in light of our recent budget discussions. In the world’s most rich and powerful nation, more than 46 million Americans live in poverty. In Texas, 18 percent of residents live in poverty and 25 percent of children under 18 live in poverty. In Dallas, TX, the number of lowincome people rose 41 percent between 2000 and 2012. 
state, and city with such wealth. Congress can and must do more to create opportunity for people who live in poverty. Passing a strong federal budget with antipoverty programs, creating educational opportunities for students who come from lowincome families, ensuring children and families have adequate food, advocating for a higher minimum wage, and keeping our federal health programs strong are just a few examples of the ways Congress can help lift these individuals and families out of poverty. 
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) kept almost 5 million Americans, including 2.2 million children, out of poverty last year. Medical kept almost 3 million people out of poverty last year and that number continues to increase as more states expand Medicaid. The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) and the Child Tax Credit (CTC) helped to lift 10 million Americans, including 5 million children, out of poverty last year. 
rise above and stay out of poverty, they keep families contributing to the economy on a daily basis. Rather than keeping lowincome Dallasites, Texans, and Americans on a tightrope where they are one medical emergency, job loss, or large car expense away from dipping into poverty, we must bolster our resources. During the very year that we celebrated the 50th anniversary of several War on Poverty programs enacted by President Johnson, we must make it easier and not more difficult for working families in this country. 
I ask unanimous consent to remove myself from H.R. 381. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Forestry, I am pleased to open this Special Order to discuss forest management and wildfires. 
Western States, including Alaska, have gone through a catastrophic wildfire season, with more than 9 million acres burned to date. This is a continuation of an unsustainable trend where the average number of acres burned each year has doubled since the 1990s. To address this, government spending on wildfire suppression has also doubled; yet the total amount of spending on forestry activities has remained the same. 
Because the cost of wildfire suppression efforts has continued to climb over the past 15 years, the U.S. Forest Service has repeatedly had to transfer money from its nonfire programs to firefighting efforts. In fact, this year alone, more than 50 percent of the Forest Service budget went toward wildfire suppression, taking funding away from programs and activities that promote forest health and reduction of underbrush, wood waste, and dead trees, which help these wildfires spread. 
harvesting, which is critical for the health of the forests as well as our rural communities and counties. 
years ago, the Forest Service was only spending as little as 13 percent, or one sixth, of its budget on firerelated activities. However, this is not simply a question of allocating more money for fire suppression. The real solution to this problem is how we maintain our forests. 
bipartisan members of the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee of the Agriculture Committee. 
New Mexico. Mr. T HOMPSON , I appreciate this Special Order on wildfires and forest management, and I really appreciate your leadership on the House Agriculture Committee as chairman of our Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry. 
held a hearing on the 2015 wildfire season and longterm fire trends, a much needed hearing recognizing the concerns and urgent needs of many of our Members who watched their districts and States burn to unprecedented levels this year. 
testimony we heard, especially that of Forest Service Chief Tidwell, was how crippling the current wildfire budget system is to the agency and how, frankly, it prevents the Forest Service from carrying out its congressionally mandated mission. 
The current process for funding wildfire suppression is inefficient and wastes taxpayer dollars. Once the Forest Service exhausts their wildfire suppression budget, the agency is then forced to transfer funds from nonfire 
programs, which are often needed to prevent fires, in order to support the immediate, emergency needs of fire suppression. 
In the last fiscal year, FY15, the Forest Service spent $700 million more than what Congress initially appropriated. 
needed eight supplemental appropriations. This is now the norm, not the exception. 
This year’s wildfire season devastated much of the Western United States. The Forest Service spent $1.7 billion fighting these fires. More than 9 million acres were burned, thousands of homes and other infrastructures were lost, and 13 firefighters lost their 
avoided any big fires this year, I know firsthand how devastating fires can be. For 3 years in a row, New Mexico endured the biggest fires the State has ever seen. The WhitewaterBaldy Complex, Las Conchas, and the Gila fires devastated our land, our resources and our communities. 
require emergency response and recovery and should, frankly, be funded the same way as hurricanes, floods and tornados. Now, it is clear to me that Congress needs to urgently fix this funding problem before more communities are destroyed and lives are lost. 
issue, Congress also has to address the rising 10year suppression cost average for wildfires. Rising wildfire costs means that less funding is going to nonfire Forest Service employees and programs each year. Because of this, the Forest Service now has fewer resources for recreation, research and development, and road maintenance. 
carry out activities and projects that many say we need more of, such as NEPA analysis, timber contracts, timber salvage, controlled burns, and other Forest Service management activities. 
these projects get delayed or canceled. And we aren’t just talking about Forest Service projects; they are projects in each of our districts that are developed by our own constituents and partners within each of these communities. 
wildfire budget and rising costs are only part of the problem. Wildfires are burning bigger and more intense than ever before. 
drought, higher temperatures, bringing new diseases and pests to new areas, and changing the vegetation on the ground. Our forests are not the same forests that they were 50 years ago, or even 20 years ago. 
changing our forest dynamics, and we must make our forests more resilient. Fixing the broken wildfire budgeting 
process is the most effective thing Congress can do to begin to address the devastating wildfires that are plaguing this country. 
I also agree that we need more management work done on the ground, so let’s work together to ensure that the Forest Service has sufficient resources to do their work. 
talks on both the House and Senate side about including a budget fix in the upcoming omnibus, but that a deal remains elusive because some parties are unwilling to address the budget caps in order for wildfires to get treated as exactly what they are, as natural disasters. This would treat wildfire natural disasters just like every other natural disaster in this country. 
We out west have helped fund hurricanes, tornados and flooding in the Midwest and in the eastern parts of the country. We should be doing the same for our natural disasters out west. 
PRICE of the Budget Committee, to recognize this simple, yet important distinction. 
others, I know, we can sit down and we can come to an agreement to fix the broken budget process and address some of the management needs. I stand ready at any moment to have these conversations and find a path forward. 
I thank the chairman very much. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentlewoman, who is a great ranking member on the subcommittee, for all of her work and for her comments and words this evening. 
subcommittee with the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ), he is a 
great advocate for forest products, for healthy forests, for economically healthy rural communities. We share that passion. I am just very thankful that he was able to, in a very busy schedule, make time this evening to be part of this Special Order. 
Mr. SCHRADER. I thank the chairman. I want to applaud you and the ranking member for the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee for having this colloquy here tonight. 
folks to understand the severity of the issue that is before us here. As my western colleague pointed out a moment ago, these wildfires are alive and well, unfortunately, and absolutely devastating, devastating at a level that we had never seen or expected before. 
with Sandy and Katrina, but the wildfires that we see in New Mexico and in my home State of Oregon and neighboring State of Washington this summer, are absolutely catastrophic, and way above and beyond what we have seen in past decades. 
is to acknowledge the fact that firefighting costs have doubled over the last 15 years, on a regular basis, 8 out of 10 years, as was pointed out a moment ago, and not do anything about it. 
put our heads in the sand. They continue to devastate. 
maybe four things I think are really important. We are talking about an omnibus bill here that everyone is arguing over. There are certain policy riders, I submit, that have nothing to do with the budget. 
funding fix, though, to get after this budgetary disaster that we have, now every year. Why not budget up front for this so that the resources can be allocated immediately? 
Service budget, because if you take it out of the Forest Service budget, even temporarily, then the Forest Service can’t do its land management work, which gets rid of the hazardous fuel, gets rid of the diseased trees, takes care of the pests to prevent the next wave of forest fires. 
working in a collaborative way to build the collaborative relationships that have eluded us so far for our forestry problems. 
The fix talks about working collaboratively on the NEPA process with folks, make sure it is done correctly, but in a way that the Forest Service can manage and get it done quickly. 
areas that could be categorically excluded where there is already collaborative work being done on the urban rural interface and, actually, some areas to promote wildlife habitat. 
I mean, this is the type of thing that 
actually gets at what both the environmental community and the forest community need to have. 
ignored a lot in this discussion is the economic loss that occurs as a result of these forest fires. We could have a lot more money for tax resources if we got after these fires early on. 
Right now, I have timber communities in my State where over 50 percent of the land is Federal forest lands that go up in smoke, that they could otherwise be harvesting or reducing that fuel load by thinning, to promote jobs, economic development, and tax revenues. 
budget to offset larger costs later on, and adequately fight these fires, to protect rural America, is critical. 
Right now, rural America is not getting its fair share. There is a lot of talk about 9/11 and making sure our first responders get the health care that they need and deserve for stepping in in a disaster situation in New York City. 
firefighters out west? These men and women go into toxic situations, life 
threatening situations, and they get no respect just because we are out west. 
and the chairman pointed out, these are devastating disasters, just as bad as tornados, just as bad as hurricanes. Where is the fairness to my western colleagues in getting their issue taken care of? 
These rural communities are poor already. With these fires rampaging across the landscape, they get poorer quicker. 
up in the middle of nowhere in the rural parts of my State and my district. They depend on natural resources, the good use of natural resources, resources that can be used for carbon sequestration by not having these fires. 
discussion, we are trying to save money, not just in the short term, but in the long term, that we are having trouble getting this fire funding fix that is bipartisan. Even the White House is behind it. 
done for a small amount of money that will be paid back over the next few years in spades. I think it is a shame that we can’t get this thing done just instantaneous. 
the eyes of some folks about the discrimination that is going on against rural America, particularly out west. 
who I have worked with closely over the years, a true friend, a friend of rural and forested America, for bringing this to our attention. Thank you very much. 
thank the gentleman for lending your passion and your knowledge to this important debate tonight. And I share your hope, that we raise the level of awareness. 
forests, but I have to tell you, having an eastern forest, I represent the Fifth District of Pennsylvania; when these large wildfires occur out west, there is a large sucking sound of resources, both personnel and money, being taken out of our eastern forests. 
make our forests healthy. These are monies that are used to do timber marketing, marketing of timber and timber sales so that we can generate revenue to our countries, our school districts. So these monies really are taken away from active management, and active management is the key in helping cut down on the amount of wildfires in our forest. 
hazardous fuel reduction projects and, of course, a sustainable amount of timber harvesting per the forced Allowable Sale Quantity, or ASQ. 
Now these various activities are essential in order to help ensure that the forest doesn’t become an overgrown 
tinderbox. Areas that aren’t properly maintained not only become tinderbox, as a risk of wildfires, but also for invasive species outbreaks. 
that has more expertise on this than our next speaker. He is a professional forester. He brings tremendous education and experience to Washington. 
We are real proud to have him as a part of our team working on this issue, really leading on this issue. 
Our next speaker is actually the author of H.R. 2647, which has been passed by the House of Representatives, the Resilient Federal Forest Act of 2015, so I am honored to yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). 
thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and also thank him for his leadership on this issue, a very important issue, and one that he has a good grasp of that I wish the rest of our Federal Government could get a good grasp of. 
I also would like to thank the ranking member for her remarks, and the gentleman from Oregon, for his remarks. 
forests. The U.S. Forest Service manages over 193 million acres of forests and grasslands from Maine to Alaska. 
President Teddy Roosevelt and his friend, Gifford Pinchot, who was the first Chief of the Forest Service. These men were true conservationists and naturalists. They understood the science of the forest. They understood the value of the forest, and they understood its contribution to society, so they worked to conserve that for future generations. 
place in my heart. I grew up by the forests that were established by Roosevelt, and I studied at the Yale School of Forestry that was founded by Pinchot. 
natural resources, he said that our Nation behaves well if it treats its natural resources as assets, which it must turn over to the next generation, increased and not impaired in value. 
well as a Nation. We are decreasing and impairing the value of our forests. 
they are a treasure, a treasure that provides beauty, makes clean air, purifies our water, provides wildlife habitat, and a variety of recreational activities and opportunities. Our forests store carbon and provide many of the products that we live in, that we learn from, and that we use to survive every day. 
failure, and it is not a Democratic failure. It is a congressional and an agency failure that we have the power to correct. 
than 9 million acres of Federal land burned this year alone. Costs to fight fires and the number of fires burning grows every year. 
times before, the Forest Service’s biggest expense is firefighting. The costs of it have ballooned over the years. It is not just the cost of fighting fires, as the gentleman from Oregon said, that is the cost. We are destroying a valuable asset: 9 million acres of Federal land and timber that goes up in smoke. These products could be used. They have value to them. We are not only spending the money to fight the fires; we are losing valuable assets every year. 
to appropriate an extra $700 million to land management agencies to cover the cost of fire borrowing. The Forest Service is becoming a firefighting agency, unable to meet its mission of ‘‘caring for the land and serving people.’’ 
Fire borrowing is not the only problem, and I submit that it is actually not even the problem. It is the symptom of a problem. It is the result of our current management choice that each year is becoming less and less management. Unfortunately, we do not have the luxury of choosing not to manage. 
Forests are dynamic, living organisms. They don’t pay attention to what we say here in Washington, DC, or what we write in laws. The only thing forests know is to grow and fill their growing space and to absorb the sunlight. They fill the growing space, and they quit growing. Then they become weakened. They are subject to insect and disease attack. They die. We get debris on the forest floor. Lightning strikes, and the forest burns. If we choose not to manage the forests, then nature continues to manage. We don’t have that luxury of saying that we are just not going to manage the forest. 
changed for the worse simply and mainly because we have not been able to manage. Red tape and lawsuits are harming our landscapes. Forests are overgrown, and they are unhealthy. 
fires that can be contained. A healthy forest puts less carbon in the atmosphere, and, in fact, it sequesters more carbon through new tree growth and reforestation. Simply by the biological growth curve, younger organisms grow faster so they are pulling more carbon out of the atmosphere. They are storing it in their trunks, in their leaves, and in their roots. 
behaving well. The House produced and passed a good piece of legislation in H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. Now, this isn’t the endall to fix the problems with our forests, but it is a great first step. 
borrowing in a fiscally responsible manner, but it also gives the Forest Service the tools it needs to create healthy forests. Healthy forests are a 
winning situation. Everybody wins with a healthy forest. Wildlife wins, and sports and outdoor recreation enthusiasts win. We all win with cleaner air, and we all win with cleaner water. Our rural communities win with an economic benefit. There is not a downside to having a healthy forest. It is good for America to have healthy forests. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to put 
the policy in place so that we can have healthy forests. It is time for the Senate to behave. It is time for the Senate to act on H.R. 2647 so we can end fire borrowing and manage our forests. 
thank the gentleman. I thank you for your leadership and bringing your expertise to Washington. It is great to serve with you, and I appreciate all the leadership that you are showing, not just on this issue but so many different issues that are good not just for the folks of Arkansas, but for the entire Nation. So thank you so much for being part of this Special Order tonight. 
incredibly important because a healthy forest represents, also, wealthy communities. Our rural communities are so dependent on the active, proper management of our national forests. 
exist. At one time, our predecessors— some going back 100 years or more— came to the table with the local communities, and they made a commitment that for the good of the Nation they would create national forests. 
are not national parks. They are completely different. National forests are not managed by the Department of the Interior and the National Park Service. National forests are managed by the Department of Agriculture, because they were set aside and established so that our Nation would always have an abundant, ready supply of timber. Timber was one of the initial industries that we had. It was so important to the past of our country, but important to the future of our country as well. 
well, when you have a healthy forest, you have carbon sinks and you have filters. A lot of our watersheds originate in our national forests, so it is good for clean water if they are properly managed. It is good for clean air, and it is good for the economy. 
spend some time as a lay pastor and I will fill the pulpit. When I am talking to the churches, I talk about how a healthy church is like a healthy forest. If I go into a church and I see that everyone sitting in the pews has my hairline, a little bit of salt on the side here with gray hair, that is not a healthy church. It is just kind of one generation. Well, forests are the same way. If you want a healthy church, you need multiple generations in the pews. If you want a healthy forest, you need multiple generations of forest because 
it is good for the wildlife, it is good for the birds, and it is good for the mammals, because they need different types of forests at different points in their maturity in order to support that wildlife. 
leads to putting pressure on certain species is, when we stop harvesting trees, we stop active management, because we know that almost every species, at different times in their life, need that kind of open area. They need time in young forest growth right through to more mature forest growth. Without that, these species can’t be supported. 
alone the economic health of our rural communities. That was a promise that was made by our predecessors when they took this land out of the private sector and put it into the public sector. It was done with a promise that they would always do active management in such a way to generate the revenue to be able to backfill for those property taxes that would have been lost. 
We have really failed at that as a nation. Our rural communities in and around our national forests are so challenged. Don’t get me wrong. I think we have great people that are working for the Forest Service. I spend a lot of time with them. They are dedicated professionals. 
I think the Chief of the Forest Service, Tom Tidwell, is an outstanding individual, has strong character. I like the Chief because his first job in the Forest Service was when he was going to college and he worked summers as a firefighter. I am an old firefighter. He has done all the jobs. He knows what it is to manage an active forest. 
that the bureaucracy has placed on him. We have a lot of external pressures with special interest groups who claim they are trying to save the forests. But the end result of their actions where they limit, they sue, and they prevent forest plans from being implemented and prevent timber management from occurring, they are actually killing the forests. 
are not actively managed, they will get sick and they will die. When they do, they become emitters of carbon. When a forest is healthy, it actually absorbs carbon. It is a carbon sink, as I said before. 
of the statistics that show that much of our national forest system is unhealthy. In fact, the Forest Service has identified up to onequarter of nearly 200 million acres of national forest land as a wildfire risk. We have seen a dramatic reduction, Mr. Speaker, of the harvest from our national forests from nearly 13 billion board feet in the 1980s to roughly 3 million board feet in past years. 
sixth of the Forest Service budget was used for wildfire management and mitigation. It was reasonable. At that point, when we were using onesixth of the Forest Service budget, we were harvesting in 1995 3.8 billion board feet. 
numbers I am going to share with you are from August of 2015. I readily admit I don’t have the past couple months in this, but at this point, the Forest Service is spending 50 percent of its budget on fighting wildfires—50 percent. 
household, 50 percent of your family’s budget, your business, or a local school. To take 50 percent of your budget just for this type of crisis management doesn’t work. It just doesn’t work. 
have only projected to harvest, at that point, 2.4 billion board feet. It is a big part of the lack of active management. We need to provide the Forest Service tools to be able to help them do their jobs. The highwater mark was back in 1987 when we had 12.7 billion board feet harvested. That is a variance from this year of 10.3 billion board feet. 
economic crisis that we are in here, and we are. We have got a debt that has been out of control. I am very proud to be a part of a Republicanled Congress that, for a number of years, on the discretionary side, we have actually reduced our spending, and we are starting to get our arms wrapped around mandatory spending. So we are doing our job. 
But there is a need for more resources, and we recognize that. There is a need for more revenue. We are literally burning that revenue up in our national forests each and every year, dramatically. How much revenue? I would have to say that, if you take, every year, 10.3 billion board feet, if that is the amount that we could get our annual harvesting to, you have to ask yourself: How much more healthy would the forest be? 
so many fewer wildfires would occur at just an incredible cost, including the loss of lives. We have lost a tremendous number of American heroes, our firefighters from both the U.S. Forest Service but also volunteer firefighters like myself. Perhaps some professional firefighters have lost their lives because of the incident. It is just the crisis that we have in wildfires. 
we would increase the health of the forest, and we could reduce wildfires and that risk. We would also increase revenue. I am not prepared to tell you what the average value of a board foot in timber harvest off our national forests is. I know that varies greatly. 
the Allegheny National Forest. I am proud to say that it is actually the most profitable national forest in the country. It is kind of puny compared to my colleagues out west. We are about 
513,000 acres, but we have got the world’s best hardwood cherry. Our hardwoods are what increase the value. I know that is a wide variance on what the value of 1 board foot in 2015 of timber harvested in our national forests is. But whatever that number is, multiply it by $10.3 billion, and that is a lot of revenue that is owned by the taxpayers of this country—given the fact it is their national forest—that we could be bringing in. 
we could unleash and get timber in closer to that sustainable rate, what that would do for our school districts, our kids, our families, and the jobs that would be stimulated in the forest products industry. It would just have an amazing impact, Mr. Speaker. 
Speaker, it becomes easier to see how everything is corrected. Trees which should have been harvested years ago have been allowed to become fuel for forest fires, leading to the rise in the acreage burned that we have seen in recent years. 
to this problem, including the Agricultural Act of 2014, also known as the farm bill. I am very proud that all the Members were involved with the farm bill. It was a great bipartisan bill that we did. It includes provisions to include improved forest management. So we have taken action. We have enacted into law some tools for the Forest Service. 
do, Mr. Speaker. Those tools include an expedited process in the planning for projects and the reauthorization programs, such as the stewardship contracting and the Good Neighbor Authority. These all improve forest health, timber sales, and restoration. 
Federal Forests Act of 2015, which Mr. WESTERMAN very appropriately talked 
provide the Forest Service with direction and the tools to address the challenges of litigation. I have to tell you, Mr. Speaker, we have forest plans that are about active timber management, but we have these outside groups that sue the government because the government reimburses their costs, even when they settle out of court. 
Justice Act was originally written; not for some group that is not a direct stakeholder in terms of having property that is in the forest or adjoined to the forest. But it is litigation, it is funding, no doubt about it, it is the process, it is basic timber harvesting, and essential active management. I will come back to some of those in just a bit. I want to share some outcomes from the most recent hearing that we had with the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee. I am proud to cosponsor this important piece of legislation. I believe that it should become law. It will have a major impact on reducing catastrophic wildfires across the Nation. 
The district that I represent, Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, is the home of the Allegheny National Forest, the only national forest in the Commonwealth. It encompasses more than 513,000 acres across four counties, and for generations, it has formed the economic bedrock of small communities in that region. 
different from our western forests—I have mentioned some of those—but it has many similar challenges, including a lack of timbering, reduced county budgets, and outbreaks of invasive species. 
wildfires and forestry management will have a positive effect in forests and in rural communities, not just in the Allegheny National Forest in Pennsylvania, but, quite frankly, across the Nation. 
my colleagues, and taking opportunities in the future to host more of these Special Orders, in looking at ways so that we can confront the very real challenges in national forest regions. 
I wanted to share some of the outcomes from our most recent hearing that we had on this issue back on October 8. We had some great speakers come in, witnesses, that provided testimony from all over the country. I will just share with you, Mr. Speaker, some of the things that would be helpful, things that we need to consider. I am going to start in the category of increasing the efficiency and the effectiveness of forest management that we have, starting with giving an opportunity for State primacy. 
a rancher in Washington State. The States tend to have less bureaucracy, they have less of a target on their back by these outside groups that are suing. So the State’s success at increasing active timber management and a higher level of forest health. But State primacy is something that was an idea that came out that needs to, at least, have further consideration. 
exemption from NEPA analysis. That doesn’t mean that we are not looking at the environmental impacts. That couldn’t be further from the truth. For where it makes sense, what we need to do is provide a categorical exemption from a fullblown NEPA analysis, but we need to do that more on a landscape perspective, so a landscape management. We are talking large scale, 100,000 acres or more, being able to more efficiently, being able to more effectively, manage the forest. 
exemption opportunities within the farm bill to the Forest Service for regular maintenance activities, where they had to spend a tremendous 
power line or to do trail maintenance, or replant after a forest fire, wildfire. Quite frankly, their sister agencies: the Bureau of Land Management and the Corps of Engineers, they didn’t have to do that. So this is just kind of common sense. 
We need to protect our active management funds. We can’t be dipping into the funds that we use to manage the forest. That is what happened. That is what I referred to as that large sucking sound. It is not just resources. My forest supervisor, who does a great job, she was detailed. She went out west for a period of time. She wasn’t on our forest doing her job because of the need for her expertise in the west during one of those wildfires this past year in the west. We need to protect our active management funds. 
a recommendation for larger air tankers to be able to deal with the size and the scale of the wildfires that are out there. We need to, obviously, reduce this litigation. Out of 311 projects this past year, 16 wound up in the courts. That is a significant number. Quite frankly, it is not necessary. Unfortunately, it has become a fundraising scheme for the most part. It is not contributing towards forest health. It, actually, is deteriorating our forest health. We have an increase in invasive species. We are burning up our forest at a record level. 
water filter, you impact water quality, you impact as a carbon sink. So we need to reduce the litigation and take steps to be able to do that. 
doubt about it. We have 49 percent fewer foresters than just in 2010. It is our professional foresters, the silviculturists, who are out—of knowing how to mark the timber, of knowing when to harvest the timber when it is at peak value. That is an asset owned by the American people. We shouldn’t be waiting until that tree blows over, burns down, or is eaten by some type of bug, invasive specie, until we harvest it. We should harvest it really at its peak value. That is demonstrating a fiduciary responsibility for the American people with this asset. 
And then certainly we need more collaborative work. Again, H.R. 2647 would achieve that. 
So that is more efficient, more effective forest management. 
do need to fund this appropriately. I am a supporter of a concept that would look at larger fires, more widespread. I don’t know how we gauge that—by acreage or dollar value lost or dollars needed. Those really are natural disasters. They are as every bit a natural disaster as an earthquake, a hurricane, or a tornado. Those larger fires should be dealt with as natural disasters. 
scale, underneath whatever that threshold is set, then let’s do that 
through regular order with the Forest Service budget with what we appropriate. There is a definite difference. That would be a recommendation. That was something that came out of a discussion. 
One rancher from Washington talked about a Forest Service where there was a—I don’t know if it was a State or a private individual with a bulldozer—a CAT came up to the Forest Service line. Two situations. One time they asked the Forest Service person, who was working under the direction of 
somebody in the bureaucracy. They welcomed him in, and they saved a tremendous spread of that fire. And then another time where the Forest Service 
personnel said: No, we have to fill out the permits first. Well, you have got the wildlife burning, but we have got to fill out the permits, and we have got to do the paperwork. I am not judging that Forest Service employee because they were probably doing whatever they were told to do, and there was more catastrophic loss there. So some type of safe harbor that allows better use of mutual aid. 
I want to yield to a friend of mine because it kind of speaks to the efficiency and the effectiveness on the Equal Access to Justice Act. This is the law that we kind of talked about that really has encouraged radical environmental groups to file lawsuits and stop forest plans from occurring. 
I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) to speak on the topic. 
are here, and I am glad to hear what has come out of the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee. I just wanted to talk about that because you mentioned the losses in transparency on that open book. It does that. It has been something that has passed through this House. We just passed it again last week. It really just shines the light on this access issue and the Federal government—what we end up paying sometimes for these groups to sue and what our departments are paying out. 
healthy management of our forests, but it is also a healthy management of our resources. We are setting forth what we need to do as priorities in Congress. As someone from northeast Georgia, with a lot of forestry land— Chattahoochee National Forest—this is something we can work together on. We are glad to be a part of that. 
the leadership that you have given is incredible, and we want to continue to thank you for that and be a part of it. That is just part of our transparency issue we have with the Federal Government, and also these lawsuits that have been coming out, and we can do that together. 
I appreciate the gentleman for yielding. I want to commend him for the work that he is doing and the work of our forestries around the country. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
a righteous piece of legislation when it was passed. But it was passed to be able to protect those who are kind of landowners, who were the big brother— the National Forest, or the Federal Government, was impinging on your private property rights. 
don’t have a whole lot of money to be able to defend themselves. Unfortunately, the Federal Government has the pockets of every taxpayer. It was never meant to be hijacked by the way it has been. I appreciate the leadership of the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ), who has been a great 
leader, championing kind of just returning to the original intent of the Equal Access to Justice Act. I look forward to working with the gentleman on that. 
access is just a great thing, and I appreciate it. 
I want to cover here, and that is how we increase the markets, because you have to have a place to sell timber that is harvested. There are a number of things that we can do. 
trade. That is why I am so pleased with the TransPacific Partnership. The trade ambassador and his chief negotiators actually have eliminated basically all of the tariffs that really hindered our ability to export whether it was raw timber or boards or pellets. It was just very difficult in the past. This trade proposal, members of the subcommittee and members of the full Agriculture Committee worked very closely with the trade ambassador to make sure that that was one of our priorities that was achieved, and it looks like it has been achieved. I think that is going to increase markets. We need to do that with all of our trade agreements. 
products within the green building standards, LEED standards. It is an original renewable, but it was excluded from those. It makes no sense whatsoever. 
technology that has taken timber, and being able to use that really for skyscraper type construction very successfully. The research is done by our U.S. Forest Services, as well as our land grant universities, such as my alma mater of Penn State. There is great research being done, actually supported through the farm bill in terms of forest services, forest products. 
the woody biomass of biofuels, taking that timber, that fiber, to use it for chemicals, to use it for fuel. 
We need to prevent the loss of market infrastructure that results in no 
some parts of our country, our sawmills have been decimated. As small businesses, we need to help people with small businesses keep that foothold that we have and regain it. 
all not my ideas. Those all came out of our hearing with the October 8 subcommittee that we had on wildfires. 
I very much appreciate the bipartisan participation tonight by my colleagues on this very important issue. I think we have done some really good things with the farm bill to help our forest products industry. Again, this truly is about the health of the forest. It is about revenue for the country, but it is about the prosperity of rural America. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to have this Special Order. 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is good to be back on the floor of the House. I am thrilled tonight to be surrounded with my friends and colleagues, and to be part on championing a call that is close to my heart, and should be for every Member of Congress. Because we are dealing with songs and songwriters and the special place that they have in American life, and really in the world. 
that come from the hearts of many from Nashville, where I have friends tonight, Rob and Lance and Lee Thomas, and the rest, they are watching others across the country are songwriters, who are very interested in what goes on here. Because, amazingly enough, here in Washington, DC, as the tentacles spread out, you come to find out that, even in songwriting, Washington has its grip on it. 
I just want to point out for those who 
may be watching—now, this is a quote. This doesn’t come from me. It comes from Kevin Kadish. You may know Kevin. If you like to listen to a little bit of music, he happened to have a little, small hit with Meghan Trainor, ‘‘All About That Base,’’ and Miley Cyrus’ ‘‘Two More Lonely People.’’ He made a comment. He said that no one is trying to put Pandora or Spotify out of business. We just want a fair market value for our blood, sweat, and tears. 
very special because, over the next 30 minutes, you are going to hear about a million and a half songwriters, publishers, and composers across the Nation and how the current music licensing regime is causing them to be paid well below market value. Now, as a conservative, one thing I 
believe is that the government has a role—it has a limited constitutional role—especially when it comes to the ultimate of the small businesses: the entrepreneurs. Those are some of our songwriters and composers. The Federal Government should not have its thumb on the scale, and that is what we are seeing tonight. So you are going to hear about that as we go along. The government’s heavy hand in this industry needs to go. 
Songwriter Equity Act. We have got some folks I want to have talk tonight; but I want to introduce this, and they are all cosponsors of this act. It is H.R. 1283. 
When I start talking about this tonight, for those watching, there are three ways songwriters get paid. I am going to make it very simple. There are three ways they get paid: Two of which the government has its thumb on and—guess what?—one of which they don’t. Does anybody want to take a guess? Raise your hand. Not my colleagues, you know this. Will anyone raise his hand really quickly? Which way is the fairest way? It is when they are able to negotiate on their own. That is the sync license. 
it removes the antiquated evidentiary standard; it adopts a fair rate standard for reproduction, or mechanical licenses. Why? To ensure that songwriters, composers, and publishers are appropriately compensated for the use of their intellectual property. 
Before I get ready to turn it over to 
some of my friends who are here with me tonight and who are part of cosponsoring this, the issue before us is: We all can point back to that time. It is a song on the radio. This is the time of year, this holiday season. Or it may be a long drive in the summer. Or it may be sitting outside, but there is that song and that special someone. That song comes on, and you hear it, and the performer is performing it wonderfully. It may have been the performer, or it may have been something else. But a lot of times, there is someone who is sitting in a room or is sitting somewhere, and what comes out of their hand and onto a piece of paper has come out of their heart and their mind and their mouth. It has affected our hearts and our minds, and it has affected us even to this day. 
That is what makes songwriters special. That is what makes this cause something that we need to fight for. 
Our radio stations have played these songs. For a State trooper’s kid, who grew up in northeast Georgia, to listen to the radio, that was my escape. Between that and books, I traveled the world and always longed to see it, and those songwriters took me there. This is why we are fighting today. It is because we believe that what these artists have is intellectual property. What comes out of the their minds, what 
comes out and is expressed on paper and is then translated many times through artists’ singing across the world, is worth protecting. It is intellectual property. It is as much intellectual property as is this property of my phone in my hand, and we have got to understand that. 
me. We will have a lot of time to talk about this. I want to start off up north a little bit. My friend from North Dakota, KEVIN CRAMER , is here. We have 
talked about this issue, and I am glad he has joined me here tonight. 
about, Kevin, as you came on the floor, you said, You know, it is just about fairness. I think that is a great way to put it. It is just about fairness. So I am happy to yield to the gentleman to talk about this. 
Mr. CRAMER. I thank the gentleman, my friend from Georgia, and others who have carried the ball on this issue for some time. 
on the same committee with her, and I have learned a great deal about this and other things from Representative BLACKBURN . 
quote by the songwriting and song performing phenom Taylor Swift, who said: I think songwriting is the ultimate form of being able to make anything that happens in your life productive. 
your life, whether it is sad or glorious or joyful or heavy, you can write a song. It could be productive, but that doesn’t mean it is profitable. If something is not profitable, the productivity of it will certainly wane over time, and we will be robbed of that very important piece of the music value chain: Where the product begins, which is in the heart and mind of the songwriter. 
about this job—and I am happy to admit it to my friends in the Chamber tonight—is all of the things that you are forced to learn that you never thought were important before you learned about them. It is kind of amazing. Here we are, 435 colleagues, representing, roughly, 700,000 people. In my case, I represent the entire State of North Dakota. We think about things like agriculture and coal and oil. We think about things like highway bills, but we don’t necessarily think a lot about songwriting. We think a lot about markets. We think a lot about fairness. We think a lot about regulation. 
before becoming a Member of Congress. I regulated monopoly industries, and I was a rate regulator. When I was a rate regulator, setting the rates for electricity rates or natural gas, I had a lot of tools at my disposal, not the least of which was all of the evidence that the 
cases, it was piles of evidence and lots of testimony. Everything was on the record. It is how you make good decisions. In the case where regulation was required and free markets weren’t as free as they would be in other products, you tried to apply as a regulator the evidence to a circumstance that best reflected the market. 
Tonight, we are talking about something—and I appreciate Representative COLLINS ’ illustration of the government’s thumb on the scale—where there has been a gross inequity, a gross injustice. It is where technology has certainly flourished, where innovation has flourished to the point at which opportunity to distribute and to enjoy 
music is unlike at any other time; but the songwriters have been left out of the innovation piece of it. They have been really biased against them. 
As I have studied this issue as it has 
been brought to my attention, I have looked at it, and I have thought, This just isn’t fair. This just isn’t fair. Frankly, the ultimate conclusion of this kind of antiquated regulatory policy would lead to a very important loss because people wouldn’t be able to do this, not unless you think that Georgia and Tennessee are the only places there are songwriters. I was surprised to find out there were several hundred of them in my little State of North Dakota. It is amazing. 
One thing that all of us can agree on 
is that small business is the heart of our economy and that there is no smaller business than the single genius that writes music, right? That is the smallest of small businesses. We ought to get the government, to the degree we can, out of the way; but to the degree it requires regulation—and we understand it does require regulation as we are talking about copyright and as we are talking about broadcasting and as we are talking about things that are under the legitimate jurisdiction of the Federal Government’s—we ought to at least be fair in how we do it, and we ought to be modern in how we carry it out. 
In addition to my friends, Representative COLLINS , Representative B LACK BURN , and others who have taught me 
so much about this important issue, I also want to thank a new friend who approached me at a concert that I attended just because I love him so much and love his music. I have loved it for decades. This is, I think, an important lesson of advocacy and an importance lesson of sticktoitiveness. I had the opportunity to meet B.J. Thomas, who was a hero of mine while I was growing up. Do you know what he did with the time that we had together? He advocated not on his own behalf but on behalf of his friends, who provided the fuel for his success. He did so with a heavy heart based on the fact that his friends weren’t treated as fairly and as equitably as he has been as a performer. 
who had nothing, really, to gain by this advocacy, except, I suppose, the affection of his friends, cared enough to tell this lone Congressman from the little State of North Dakota about this really important issue. I am grateful he brought to it my attention. 
it, and I am grateful to be here tonight to help shed some light on it and, hopefully, move the ball forward a little bit further. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Representative CRAMER , that is such a great 
and dysfunction—you hear that up here all the time—to actually understand that we still believe this is the greatest country in the world and that Washington, D.C., and this Capitol, still represent a shining beacon that goes throughout the world and stands for freedom, hope, and opportunity, the story that you just told about B.J. Thomas, an artist who has profited off of songwriting, and his taking time to talk to his Representative, that is what makes this country great. 
about here, letting things be known that we may not have known and seeing them in amazing places. 
You talked about your never knowing that your State of North Dakota is where you might meet a songwriter. As my friends are down here tonight, I just want to share one thing that came to my attention right as we were walking on the floor. You never know where songwriting comes from. Tonight, we have a special honor because, just outside these doors, protecting us here on Capitol Hill, is one of our aspiring songwriters—Capitol Hill Police Officer Kevin Reumont. I hope I pronounced that right. He is protecting Congress, and he also writes the soundtrack of our lives. Can you imagine a better way to think about that even in this building? 
since you brought it up, there is nothing that makes me much more emotional than a really good song; but the men and women who protect us in this Chamber make me as emotional as anything. I am grateful. It is a great 
great State of Tennessee, with Mrs. BLACKBURN and others who have been a 
part of this; but my friend just across the border in Chattanooga, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , is here tonight, and he 
has a lot to share about Tennessee and Georgia and all across the country. 
We are just glad to have you here tonight to be a part of promoting as just was said, the ultimate entrepreneur, the person who is there, writing the song, the small business. So I am happy to yield to the gentleman from Tennessee to talk about that. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. I thank my colleague, Mr. COLLINS from the great 
State of Georgia—our sister State right to the south of us. Mr. Speaker, I represent the great 
State of Tennessee, as the gentleman alluded to—the great city of Chattanooga and the ‘‘Chattanooga Choo Choo,’’ a great song. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. I came to Congress, and some very creative people came to see me. We get a lot of visits up here in Congress. Folks from all over the country come to see us. I got a knock at the door one day, and there were some songwriters. They were very talented men and women. What do they do? They write and perform songs. I was just so impressed. These are creative entrepreneurs, and some of the stories are outstanding. 
he said: One day years ago, a long time ago, I wrote a song and went in and saw the great Johnny Cash. He liked my song, and he played my song. It went well, and that was his claim to fame. 
mentioned a song. He said: I wrote that and played it for a fellow by the name of Frank Sinatra. 
performers, but these were the folks who wrote the songs. This songwriter actually got to go and hear that recorded. Sinatra invited him, and it became a classic. 
I was surprised to learn, as my colleague from Georgia alluded to, of the Songwriter Equity Act, but there is some fundamental unfairness involved in the process, and I wanted to talk about that. 
practiced law for about 24 years in the city of Chattanooga. I loved practicing law, but when I was not practicing law, every once in a while, the judge wanted to go fishing, and he would let me preside as special judge. I really liked presiding over cases. As a matter of fact, I probably presided over several hundred cases over my legal career. I still keep a law license. But, as a judge, what did I hear? I heard evidence many times, and I want to refer to something that is very important in this whole debate. 
set—and I want everyone who is watching this to understand this—fundamentally, the evidence cannot be considered by the judge in setting the rates for these performers. 
that these judges are not allowed by Federal law to consider sound recording royalty rates as relevant benchmarks when setting performance royalty rates for songwriters and composers. It is analogous to a judge who is hearing a case and saying: Well, I am not going to let you decide this, and that is not a good thing. These men and women come up every year. They play their songs, and they work very hard, and they want their share of the American Dream. 
capital city in the great State of Tennessee, and I love all of our State. I 
Tennessee: Chattanooga and Oak Ridge. Yet, when I travel to Nashville and when I see these men and women coming there, and there are literally hundreds of thousands of songwriters, what do they want? They want that one special song, or hopefully more, to click, for somebody to perform that. 
rewarded. We ought to be incentivizing this because these are creative people, these are entrepreneurs. 
So it is my privilege to join the distinguished gentleman from Georgia who has this Songwriter Equity Act with, I believe, all of my colleagues from Tennessee. I want the American people to take a look at this. 
this. This shouldn’t be an issue about Republican or Democrat. This is an issue about giving these songwriters a fair shake. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, Representative FLEISCHMANN just 
made a great point. I don’t hear a song that comes out on a platform—and I think that one of the things we forget here is that this is not a discussion of how we get music, per se, and how innovators have decided that—you know, through wonderful things—Pandora Spotify, Apple Music, traditional radio, and the Internet—there are so many platforms, and those are wonderful. What we don’t want to forget is the 
very system that has allowed them to begin is something that is taking away from the heart of the very songwriter issue. 
One of the reasons that we were talking about this is that music is the most regulated sector. Seventyfive percent of a songwriter’s income is regulated, some of which go back, the mechanical right, to 1909. They are still governed by player pianos. That is something that has got to change, and I think this is where we are at. 
brings is such a wonderful experience in what he has heard, and I appreciate him being a part of this. This highlights, again, that specialness. 
platform, I don’t hear it come out saying it is Republican, Democrat, Independent, Libertarian, or whatever. It just comes out as a song that comes from the heart and mind of someone that touches the soul of others, and I think that is a wonderful thing to be a part of. 
come together, and the great State of Georgia and the Big Apple come together. I was just recently there. It is amazing how you find commonality in music and how you find commonality in songs and songwriters. 
I am just very honored to have as my 
lead sponsor on the Songwriter Equity Act Representative HAKEEM JEFFRIES  
from New York. We share some background, but we also share a love of music. HAKEEM , I think—as we talk about 
this, there is a passion that shows this is not a regional issue and it is not a genre issue. It is a fairness issue. I think that is something we can come around and reach across the aisle and say let’s look and work at how we best can do this. 
this. He is a wonderful spokesman to be a part of fairness and what he does for his district, especially with the songwriting community in New York, with Atlanta, with LA, with Nashville, and all over. This has been something that has brought us all together. 
my good friend, the distinguished gentleman from Georgia, for convening us here today on this incredibly important issue on the House floor and, of course, for his extraordinary leadership on behalf of the songwriters in America. 
some very good country lawyers. I have also gotten to know some very good country preachers. My good friend from Georgia is the best of both worlds. We appreciate the tremendous skill set that he has brought to bear here in the United States Congress. We are members, of course, of the class of 2012. It has been wonderful to work closely with you in your capacity as the lead sponsor of this very important piece of legislation. 
United States Constitution gives Congress, both the House and the Senate, the power to create a robust intellectual property system, in the words of our Founders, in order ‘‘to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.’’ 
understood that it was important to create a robust intellectual property system in order to allow creators and innovators to be able to benefit from the fruits of their labor. 
heart of the music ecosystem, a music ecosystem that produces a variety of different forms of music. 
is pop. There is rock and roll. There is blues. There is bluegrass. There is jazz. There is Motown. There is hiphop. There is R&B, which we tend to be partial to in the Eighth Congressional District. 
that someone had to create this music. At the heart of that creation, at the heart of the ecosystem, of course, is the songwriter. 
Now, if the songwriter were to disappear or to be diminished in number, then the whole system of music creation collapses. In many ways, that is what the Songwriter Equity Act is all about because of the inherent fundamental unfairness in the current system by which songwriters are compensated. 
been able to work closely with a variety of different stakeholders from throughout the Nation. Certainly, Nashville, Atlanta, and New York have wonderful songwriting communities. 
The chairman of ASCAP, Paul Williams, who has been a tremendous advocate, often has said before the Judiciary Committee and in other contexts that songwriters may be the most heavily regulated smallbusiness people in America. 
Unfortunately, that heavy regulation, as is often the case, is not benefiting them. In fact, in many ways, it is suffocating the songwriting community. It is not working to their benefit. It is not consistent with the DNA of our Constitution as it relates to intellectual property, which is to enable creators to benefit from the fruits of their labor. 
Act is such an important piece of legislation in order to allow those songwriters, who are spread out in all 435 congressional districts in every great State in the Union, to be able to participate fairly in the music ecosystem that is so central to the genres that we all know and love throughout our land. 
Music, of course, is universal in nature. It crosses all boundaries of race and religion, socioeconomics, region, cultural boundaries in this incredibly diverse Nation of more than 320 million people. That is why it has been so wonderful to participate in this journey as it relates to trying to do the right thing for the songwriters in this country. 
As has been pointed out by my colleague from Georgia and the other participants here, there are really two fundamental things that the Songwriter Equity Act attempts to correct. 
that the rate courts, who often decide the compensation for songwriters in certain contexts, have an opportunity to consider all of the evidence so that they can arrive at an informed decision as to what makes the most sense. 
rate court that is walled off from certain forms of evidence, such as the compensation received by recording artists, can arrive at a fair and equitable decision. 
over time, because this wall has existed, the compensation for recording artists has increased significantly. The compensation for songwriters has remained at an artificially low level. That is one of the things that we are trying to correct. Let all of the evidence be considered by the courts that are determining these rates. 
designed to bring some notion of market fairness to the compensation of songwriters who create the music that 
we love. Right now, we have got artificially imposed regulatory rates on these songwriters in a manner that is not fair, that is not just, not consistent with a marketbased approach that has made the United States so prosperous for so many other folks. 
can say that this overregulation is not working for us. We would just like to be able to get the fair market value of our creations. That is what the Songwriter Equity Act is designed to do. 
closely with my good friend from Georgia. He has been a tremendous leader in this regard. I am hopeful that we will be able to soon advance this legislation before the Judiciary Committee. 
from Republicans and Democrats, Progressives and Conservatives. Let’s advance this legislation out of Judiciary and onto the House floor and eventually get it to a place where it can be signed into law by the President. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. JEFFRIES . I think one 
thing you and I both would point out in this is this is not one against another. 
It is not playing off. It is just being fair for all involved. 
good living based on songs that were written by others. In this process and this ecosystem, we are not minding the platform. We are just saying to be fair in the use of it. 
every songwriter to be a part, but also be equally compensated, fairly compensated, not more, not less, just fairly compensated. 
I think that is the one thing I want 
to make sure that our songwriters and composers out there understand, that they are all in this together. They have advocated and continue to advocate, but know that we all come together. We are the beneficiaries of their genius. I think that is the thing. I appreciate you so much. 
an end, many people have asked me: DOUG, how did you get involved in this? 
How did a kid from north Georgia get involved with songwriters? 
has almost 50,000 songwriters registered with many—BMI is one of the groups that is registered. ASCAP’s Paul Williams is a dear friend. 
Georgia, for all the folks who are watching, Smokey and the Bandit. Paul has connections to so many things in songwriting. This is a multimilliondollar business, and these are all small entrepreneurs. 
came personal. It comes from listening to my motherinlaw and her husband as they sing and they just go back to the old Shape note singing books of the churches in northeast Georgia. 
Lisa, and I first started dating. One of the first things we did was went to a 
hootenanny, and this is where everybody just brought music. They brought their instruments, they brought everything, and they just began to sing. It came from the heart. 
In my office, I keep a file full—and I 
actually have some framed—of just words put to paper. Songs are simply expressions of the heart that are yielded from the mind through the heart that come out of the mouth that touch the souls of others. 
My dad went to school with a young man who went on to become known as Whispering Bill Anderson. He started his songwriting in my district, the Ninth District, living in Commerce, Georgia, at the time, at WWJC. The radio station is still there. 
Bill was he was on top of the building and he wrote this song, ‘‘City Lights,’’ which was performed by Ray Price. He has transcended the decades because one of his last songs was ‘‘Whiskey Lullaby’’ that was performed by Brad Paisley and Alison Krauss. 
one of our Georgia folks. Streaming companies are making a lot of money off of an outdated system in which they are able to pay songwriters less than the fair market value for the right to use their work. This is Neo. 
songwriters, #standwithsongwriters. I know there are many out there watching, on Twitter, Facebook. There are a lot of places where we can get this message out. This is simply about fairness. 
As I come to a close tonight, I am reminded even today of when I was in Iraq just a few years ago. There were songs that I would hear as I was driving around and I was meeting with some servicemembers out on the gate post. We would talk about a lot of things: family, love, life, problems. 
something would be on the radio and a song would come across. To this day, if a certain song is played—it could be ‘‘Chicken Fried’’ by the Zac Brown Band—I can still believe that I am still in Iraq. I still go back to those times and I see those young men and young women who are protecting us and are protecting us all over the world. 
does. The songwriter takes the moment, crystallizes it, forms it, just as they would any product that they make that comes out of their mind, flowing straight from the heart, out of the mouth, onto a pad, through their hand, and touches lives around the world. 
It is time for Congress to look. It is 
time for Congress to understand that this is about small business and small entrepreneurs. It is time for Congress to stand with songwriters. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I always appreciate my friend from Georgia’s thoughts and observations. 
that our friends across the aisle have been joining with the President in demanding that we in Congress give this administration, with its abuses and unaccountability of the IRS, using it as a political weapon to help win an election, that used the ATF to sell weapons, 2,000 or so, to get them in the hands of criminals, and then tried to use that violence that came from the weapons they forced into the hands of people that shouldn’t have had them as a reason to try to take away Second Amendment rights of lawabiding Americans. 
most arbitrary and capricious administrations in history. Executive orders have been used for things that, from the top to the bottom of this administration, they have said they could not use executive orders for, including forms of amnesty. I think, over 20 times, the President himself said he did not have authority to just grant amnesty, and yet he turned around and did it anyway. 
of history over the last 7 years, of being so arbitrary and in some cases being very intentional in going after enemies, far beyond anything Nixon might have ever dreamed he might be able to do, the thought of giving this administration the power to just make a list of all the people that you don’t want to ever fly or have a gun, just make a list, we don’t know exactly how you are making this list. There is no due process in creating the nofly list. There is no due process in getting oneself off the nofly list once the name is on the nofly list. 
to pass legislation stripping anyone, including American citizens, on the terrorism nofly list of the ability to purchase a firearm in the United States. Sounds pretty reasonable, right? Nobody wants terrorists to have easy access to guns, and it certainly sounds bad when the argument is made that those currently on the terror watch list have the ability to do so. But here’s the problem: The terror no fly list is a mangled, bureaucratic mess of over 700,000 names. Yes, there are names on the list that are connected to terrorism, but nearly half of those names belong to people who have zero links’’ to terrorism. 
Further down she said: ‘‘That list, which contained 47,000 
people on President Obama’s watch. The fact that they are names, not identities, has led to misidentifications and confusion, ensnaring many innocent people. But surely those names are there for good reason, right? 
‘‘Not really. According to the technology website TechDirt.com, 40 percent of those on the FBI’s watch list— 280,000 people—are considered to have no affiliation with recognized terrorist groups. All it takes is for the government to declare it has ‘reasonable suspicion’ that someone could be a terrorist. There is no hard evidence required, and the standard is notoriously vague and elastic. 
shouldn’t and why? Take for example Weekly Standard Senior Writer and Fox News Contributor Steve Hayes, who was put on the nofly list after a cruise. 
The Weekly Standard . . . was informed Tuesday that he had been placed on the Department of Homeland Security’s Terrorist Watchlist. 
phone on Tuesday, suspects that the decision stems from U.S. concerns over Syria. Hayes and his wife recently booked a oneway trip to Istanbul for a cruise, and returned to the U.S., a few weeks later, via Athens.’’ 
sure why they are on the list, why they are not on the list, why they should not be on the list, the article says, but travel to certain regions isn’t the only way you can get put on the list without due process. 
document outlining the government’s guidelines for placing people on an expansive network of terror watch lists.’’ 
I just can’t help but say, Mr. Speaker, it is hard to fathom that, once the wonderful American people think about what the President is proposing, they are going to realize you can’t trust this administration with your health care, you can’t trust this administration to keep their promises that if you like your health insurance policy you can keep it, because those promises from this administration weren’t true. The promise: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor wasn’t true. It turns out people in the administration knew all along that it wasn’t true, yet they promised people those things anyway. 
know, even when we are not talking about issues of intentional misrepresentation but just mismanagement and terrible policies, look at the rules of engagement of our military. Under President Bush, there were just over 500 precious American lives that were lost in the war in Afghanistan over 7
years’ time. Though the war had wound down, we were told by the President, basically, one, things were contained in Afghanistan. 
war of the last less than 7 years, this President’s rules of engagement have 
contributed, not intentionally, but the mismanagement has helped create an environment for our military members, men and women, where we have lost three to four times more lives under Commander Obama than were lost under Commander Bush, and more time that Commander Bush was over the operation. 
want to trust to say: You just make out a list, even though the standards are vague; we don’t know how somebody gets on; it is kind of up to you, judgment call on your part; and there is not a clear way to get off. 
been trying for 8 years to get off of that list. Nonetheless, you just go ahead, Obama administration, bureaucrats in cubicles, people like Lois Lerner that hate conservatives, you just make out your list of people you don’t want to ever be able to defend themselves or their homes or their loved ones with a weapon. You make out the list, and we will keep them from flying, and we won’t let them have a gun. 
when most Americans realized what the President was asking for, just carte blanche to put anybody he wanted to on the list and they could never get a gun, the American people are fair. The majority pull for an underdog, and they are not going to pull for an overly abusive, bureaucratic, Kafkaesque administration to take out its revenge on someone it doesn’t like and prevent them from being able to defend themselves and their loved ones. 
never an organization to let hypocrisy get in the way of being hypocritical, this article from Breitbart by AWR Hawkins points out: 
Times published a scathing editorial on the nofly list, describing it as ‘a violation of basic rights,’ and a list unsuitable for a ‘democratic society premised on due process.’ 
‘‘Moreover, The New York Times addressed the imprecision of the list by explaining that a 2007 audit showed that half the names on the list ‘were wrongly included.’ Adding insult to injury, there were ‘71,000 names’ on the list in 2007, which means 35,500 people were facing a denial of their constitutional rights for being on a list due to oversight or some similar mistake.’’ 
New York Times got it right in 2014, got it wrong now. But it is interesting. I reflect on what my friend, former Member of Congress Barney Frank told me one day when we were on the same side of an issue. He shrugged and said: Well, even a broken clock is right twice a day. I know my friend Barney Frank could prove that. 
Investigates If Terror Group Arranged California Killers’ Marriage.’’ It is by Marisa Schultz and Yaron Steinbuch, 
dated December 9, 2015. It pointed out: ‘‘The FBI is investigating whether 
the online courtship of the future San Bernardino mass murderers was a match made in hell by a terror group— to set in motion the radicalized duo’s evil plan, Director James Comey said on Wednesday. 
Committee that investigators do not yet know if a group like ISIS hatched the loveandhate match between jihadists Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik.’’ 
Farook, 28, and Malik, 29, were radicalized at least 2 years ago and planned their evil martyrdom scheme long before they were engaged and before she applied for her visa. 
‘‘The couple—who lived in a twobedroom townhouse with their 6month old daughter and Farook’s mother— killed 14 people and wounded 21 during a holiday party December 2 at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino. They were killed about 4 hours later in a shootout with police . . . ‘Our investigation to date shows that they were radicalized before they started courting or dating each other online, and as early as the end of 2013, were talking to each other about jihad and martyrdom before they became engaged and married and were living in the U.S.’. . . A U.S. Government source familiar with the shooting probe said Farook may have been plotting an attack in the U.S. as early as 2011.’’ 
because this administration was doing all these things, reaching out, not helping Christians who were being persecuted in greater numbers than ever in the history of the world. No, not reaching out to specifically help Christians and Jews, who were the primary targets of these radical Islamists, these people who perpetrate hate crimes that this administration won’t even call hate crimes. This is the administration that, every time it seems that they reach out overseas or even, for heaven’s sake, with our NASA space program, the President is directing that we have got to protect Muslims above all other things. 
appointed an Attorney General who, after this mass murder spree in San Bernardino, came out—while others like local police and other good, clear thinking people are saying, ‘‘If you see something, say something,’’ after knowing that neighbors saw suspicious activity by what they knew to be Muslims, apparently, in the garage, but they were afraid of saying something because it was politically incorrect, and now, Mr. Speaker, it has been made clear by the Attorney General that, if you are a neighbor in a position like those of Farook and Malik and you see something you think is suspicious that someone with an Islamic background is doing and you call that in, 
our Attorney General just may, according to what she said, decide not to go after the Islamist terrorists, but to come after you for being a bigot and for showing bias or prejudice. 
thing to say after radical jihadists kill Christians and Jews. Yes, apparently, there was at least one Muslim shot, but the killing occurred because of the hate for Christians and Jews and the desire to create terror in the hearts of infidels. So no Muslims were actually targeted by these radical Islamists. They were collateral damage. They should never have been shot. 
with the shooting of a Muslim, Christian, Jew, atheist, Buddhist, or anything else, should be brought not just to justice. But when it is an act of war like this, they ought to be taken out. 
hand, in the immediate aftermath of this bloody massacre—tragic—at a Christmas party—threatens American citizens that, if you become—in effect, what she is saying—not the words, but, in effect, she is saying, if you become suspicious of people who are acting in the same way that you have seen on television or in the news, acting as radical Islamists, and you report that, we will come after you because you are showing bigotry and prejudice. 
So, on the one hand, if you see something, say something, but if it is about a Muslim, then there is a good chance we will come after you, not the Islamists. 
Cohen: ‘‘Amnesty report: ISIS armed with U.S. weapons.’’ This is dated today. 
human rights group has found that ISIS has built a substantial arsenal, including U.S.made weapons obtained from the Iraqi army and Syrian opposition groups. 
‘‘Amnesty International’s 44page report, released late Monday, found that much of ISIS’ equipment and munitions comes from stockpiles captured from the U.S.allied Iraqi military and Syrian rebels.’’ 
and images taken in Iraq and Syria, Amnesty determined that a large proportion of ISIS’ current military arsenal is made up of ‘weapons and equipment looted, captured or illicitly traded from poorly secured Iraqi military stocks.’’’ 
that this administration had this ridiculous idea—way too late after there were vetted moderate Syrian rebels that we could have helped—to get involved. 
Over and over they sent heavy equipment, heavy weapons, to these so called vetted moderate Syrian rebels who said they feel a lot closer to those members of ISIS than they do the United States. And, lo and behold, those heavy weapons that are being used to kill the courageous Kurds that 
have got to give it to them—there was a period of about 4 or 5 months where, because the weapons they kept sending to the Syrians kept ending up in ISIS’ hands, they decided to hold up shipping them more weapons because we just were equipping ISIS. But for some ridiculous, unknown reason—it has to be ridiculous—this administration began sending weapons back again. As far as I know, they are still doing so. 
that this administration has pointed to George W. Bush originally saying that this was not Islamic, and this administration has blamed the Bush administration—normally, it is quite unfairly—for every problem that has arisen. 
In fact, I believe it was in Iowa where 
someone told me that they understood that the President wanted to have the San Andreas Fault renamed for President George W. Bush so that it would be known as Bush’s fault. 
done. Yet, they try to blame him for them saying that ISIS—which wasn’t around when President Bush was President. It was only created when this President created a vacuum in the Middle East—that these people who claim to be Islamic are not Islamic. 
one of the most internationally recognized experts on Islam, Islamic law, Islamic studies, and on the Koran, got his degrees, including a Ph.D., I read, from the University of Baghdad in Islamic studies. His name is alBaghdadi. He is the head of ISIS. As head of ISIS, he claims that ISIS is indeed Islam. 
The President doesn’t have any degrees in Islamic studies, although he did apparently study Islam quite clearly as a young child in Indonesia. Nonetheless, I think alBaghdadi’s credentials on what is Islam and what is not are superior to those of anybody in the White House. 
Caroline Glick, a writer for the Jerusalem Post, makes a great point in one of her articles from November 24, 2015. She says: 
that there is no pluralism in Islam. It is either entirely good or entirely evil.’’ 
pluralism because, as she says, ‘‘This absolutist position is counterproductive for two reasons. First, it gets you nowhere good in the war against radical Islam. The fact is that Islam, per se, is none of the United States President’s business. His business is to defeat those who attack the U.S. and to stand with America’s allies against their common foes. 
‘‘Radical Islam may be a small component of Islam or a large one, but it certainly is a component of Islam. Its adherents believe they are good Muslims and they base their actions on their Islamic beliefs. ‘‘American politicians, warfighters, 
and policymakers need to identify that form of Islam, study it, and base their strategies for fighting the radical Islamic forces on its teachings.’’ 
Massoud and Dostam and others who fought and initially defeated the Taliban within about 5 months in Afghanistan—courageous—don’t want radical Islamists governing Afghanistan. 
man, President elSisi, stood up to imams and pointed out that you must take back Islam and denounce the radical Islamists that are destroying our religion. They recognize this is Islamic. They are claiming to be Islamic. And we have got to clean up our own religion. 
today: ‘‘ODNI Confirms Terrorists Tried to Enter U.S. As Syrian Refugees.’’ They point out that, ‘‘FBI Assistant Director Michael Steinbach has also conceded that the U.S. Government has no system to properly screen Syrian refugees. ‘The concern in Syria is that we don’t have systems in place on the ground to collect information to vet. That would be the concern, is we would be vetting—databases don’t hold the information on those individuals. You’re talking about a country that is a failed state, that is, does not have any infrastructure, so to speak. So all of the data sets—the police, the intel services—that normally you would go to seek information don’t exist.’’ That is very important. 
Now I know that some people are trying to say that Donald Trump—and I did not endorse him. I endorsed TED 
CRUZfor President—but they are trying to vilify Trump because he perhaps overstated it, but he has made clear that we need to pause until we figure out our policy. 
Weiner, our former colleague here, denounced Trump. She says Trump wants to literally write racism into our law books, his homophobia doesn’t reflect our Nation’s values, it goes far enough to damage our country’s reputation, and could even threaten our national security. 
the information that we obtained after letters were sent to departments and just mentioning a couple of facts about her family. And then we find out that she has these direct ties to Abdullah Omar Naseef, who had ties to Osama bin Laden, and really serious issues not just through her mother, who started the Muslim Sisterhood, but her late father, deceased for many years now, but who is a prominent member of the Muslim Brotherhood and a brother who had ties—but she had ties herself—to Naseef and others. 
close personal ties she herself had, you wonder how in the world a person like this could be attached to, at the time, 
First Lady Hillary Clinton in the Clinton years in the Clinton White House. How could that happen? 
Of course, over the years, she has become ingratiated to Hillary Clinton. She has been her closest confidante. Not much of anything happens, as we found from the emails, without Huma Abedin Weiner being in the middle of it. Wow. 
else that has come out in recent years. I will just read this. I don’t espouse that Wikipedia is all that reliable, but here is what they say about Abdul Rahman alAmoudi: He is an American former Muslim activist known for founding the American Muslim Council. He was born in Eritrea, raised in Yemen, emigrated to the U.S. He formed the Council, whose aim was to inform and influence both Republicans and Democrats. 
the selection of Muslim chaplains for the U.S. military, and acted as a consultant to the Pentagon for over a decade. 
as an Islamic adviser to President Bill Clinton and a fundraiser for both the Republican and Democratic parties. 
with leading conservatives such as Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform. 
1996. AlAmoudi and other Muslim leaders met with the thenpresidential candidate George W. Bush in Austin in July 2000, offering to support his bid for the White House in exchange for Bush’s commitment to repeal antiterrorist laws. He even spoke at a service for the victims of 9/11. 
He is now doing 23 years in prison for 
supporting terrorism. He was helping the Clinton administration find people for different jobs. I am trying to find out, Mr. Speaker, could he have had anything to do, before he went to prison, with placing Huma Abedin as an intern with Hillary Clinton. Mr. Speaker, I can’t get an answer. 
would like to submit the following Tax Complexity Analysis statement on the conference report to H.R. 644: 
Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (the ‘IRS Reform Act’) requires the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation (in consultation with the Internal Revenue Service and the Treasury Department) to provide a tax complexity analysis. The complexity analysis is required for all legislation reported by the Senate Committee on Finance, the House Committee on Ways and Means, or any committee of conference if the legislation includes a provision that directly or indirectly amends the Internal Revenue Code and has widespread applicability to individuals or small businesses. 
Pursuant to clause 11 of rule XXII of the 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1719. An act to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 614. An act to provide access to and use 
of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1177. An act to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
S. 1461. An act to provide for the extension 
of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee of Conference. Conference report on H.R. 644. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory (Rept. 114–376). Ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
General to make competitive grants to State, tribal, and local governments to establish and maintain witness protection and assistance programs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4195. A bill to repeal the authorizations for office space, office expenses, franking and printing privileges, and staff for former Speakers of the House of Representatives; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 4196. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 
1930 to improve enforcement of the trade laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of Texas, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
and Nationality Act to permit the Governor of a State to reject the resettlement of a refugee in that State unless there is adequate assurance that the alien does not present a security risk and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4198. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to clarify the responsibilities of Commercial Market Representatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
of Puerto Rico the choice to restructure its municipal debt in conjunction with enhanced financial oversight, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4200. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide a period for the relocation of spouses and dependents of certain members of the Armed Forces undergoing a permanent change of station in order to ease and facilitate the relocation of military families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): 
XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act to remove limitations on Medicaid, Medicare, SSI, and CHIP benefits for persons in custody pending disposition of charges; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HANNA ): H.R. 4202. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 4203. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit certain fees related to aircraft lavatories, to require refunding baggage fees if baggage is delayed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
DELAURO , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. 
Congressional gold medal to Alice Paul, in recognition of her role in the women’s suffrage movement and in advancing equal rights for women; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
‘‘Choose and Cut’’ Christmas trees to opt out of the Christmas tree promotion, research, and information order; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 4206. A bill to provide for a technology 
demonstration program related to the modernization of the electric grid; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
DOGGETT , Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
H.R. 4207. A bill to amend part D of title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to determine, on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries, covered part D drug prices for certain covered part D drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.J. Res. 75. A joint resolution making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
Executive Order 13688, (regarding Federal support for local law enforcement equipment acquisition) issued by President Obama on January 16, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 144, urging the President and the Congress to support the National Breast Cancer Coalition’s goal of knowing how to end breast cancer by 2020; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
159. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 132, requesting the Congress of the United States 
call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the State of Alabama, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 112, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Resolution No.: 105, encouraging the President, the Congress, and the Office of Management and Budget to support plans to upgrade the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and approve the Army Corps of Engineers’ reprogramming request to fund an Economic Reevaluation Report for replacing the Davis and Sabin locks; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
162. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 154, encouraging the President, the Congress, and the Office of Management and Budget to support plans to upgrade the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and approve the Army Corps of Engineers’ reprogramming request to fund an Economic Reevaluation Report for replacing the Davis and Sabin locks; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4195. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4196. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4197. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4198. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 gives Congress power to raise revenue for spending on the general welfare. Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, it is necessary and proper that Congress provides guidelines for the manner in which public funds are spent. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, clause 2 and Article I, 
H.R. 4200. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4201. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4202. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the 
Constitution: The Congress shall have the Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or any particular State. 
H.R. 4203. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
article I, section 8, clause 3 of the US Constitution 
H.R. 4204. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4205. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3 
H.R. 4206. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4207. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties; imposts, and exercises, to pay the debts and provide for the commen defense and general welfare of the United States. 
H.J. Res. 75. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 379: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
H.R. 592: Mr. R ICHMOND and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 771: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. R IBBLE . H.R. 775: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. D OLD, 
H.R. 1076: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Ms. K USTER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. F OSTER , and 
H.R. 1218: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
H.R. 1427: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. H UNTER. 
H.R. 1594: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
H.R. 1686: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1728: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 1751: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Ms. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. S ERRANO , and 
H.R. 2102: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
H.R. 2142: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 2283: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2302: Mr. C APUANO and Mrs. W ATSON  
H.R. 2400: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. S IMPSON , 
H.R. 2411: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. C ARSON of 
H.R. 2646: Mr. R OSSand Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2680: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. 
H.R. 2715: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2759: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
H.R. 2911: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 3029: Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 3061: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3069: Ms. T ITUS and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 3326: Mr. M EEHAN and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 3381: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. B OST, Mr. 
H.R. 3411: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. B ARTON and Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 3520: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Mr. 
H.R. 3691: Mr. H ASTINGS and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H.R. 3712: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 3785: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 3793: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
H.R. 3808: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 3892: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
H.R. 3929: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 4069: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
H.R. 4135: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. H INOJOSA. 
H.R. 4144: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 4181: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 4185: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. M ILLERof Florida, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
H.J. Res. 22: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. 
H. Res. 14: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. S TEWART . 
H. Res. 230: Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H. Res. 289: Mr. K EATING and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 467: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. H IMES, Mr. J EFFRIES , 
H. Res. 536: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. S MITH of New 
H. Res. 549: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. W ELCH , and 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XXI of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, it shall not be in order to consider in the House 
continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8507 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2015 No. 178 