pay tribute to the Speaker of the House, JOHNBOEHNER . 
would note, do not always agree. We have been on opposite sides of this floor and on opposite sides of debate many times. However, that is behind us for JOHNBOEHNER . 
In all of the years I have served with 
him, Speaker B OEHNER has shown me the same kindness, grace, and friendship that he has shown so many of his House colleagues on both sides of the aisle. 
truest sense of the word and is a leader who, even in the act of stepping back from his position in the leadership, has always put the best interests of our country first. 
decisions, even in the face of strong opposition from some in his own party, Speaker BOEHNER was willing to work 
across the aisle to make sure that this House was achieving its most fundamental responsibilities to those we had the honor of serving. 
We did not have a catastrophic default on our debt—at least twice—in large part because of JOHN BOEHNER ’s 
determination not to let it happen. Millions of children benefitted from the forms of No Child Left Behind because JOHN BOEHNER , the chairman of 
the committee, put children’s interests first and worked in partnership with the late Senator Ted Kennedy and Congressman George Miller. 
President Bushsponsored piece of legislation—a Republican chairman, a Democratic chairman, and a ranking Democrat working together on behalf of our country’s interest. 
Conference and this House marching forward down a productive path. History will be the judge of his success as the leader of his party, but all of us who have had the honor of serving with him will judge him as we know him—a considerate and thoughtful individual, who is a patriot and who cares deeply about this House and the Nation it serves. 
I want to thank him, as I would hope 
all of our Members would and, frankly, those Members who served with him, but who are not in this House now, for his service and for his friendship. I want to wish him well and wish him 
luck out there on the golf course, where I am sure he will be spending a lot more time—I am going to be envious of that—in addition to the time that he will spend with his family and in continuing to serve his community, his State, and his Nation. 
this House of Representatives with fidelity and responsibility, and we should all thank him for that. 
Debbie, well as they embark on a new phase of their lives. He has served his country well. I am confident that he will continue to do so. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, Benjamin Franklin advised: ‘‘When you run in debt, you give to another power over your liberty.’’ 
epic battle between elected officials who, on the one hand, are financially responsible, have the understanding and backbone needed to prevent an American bankruptcy, heed the wisdom of Founding Father Benjamin Franklin, and fight outofcontrol debt that threatens our liberty, and you have those elected officials who, on the other hand, are financially irresponsible and are too weak to resist spending money America does not have, has to borrow to get, and can’t afford to pay back. 
lastsecond debt deal, negotiated in secret, sprung at the last moment, that fails the American people by not fixing the cause of the debt ceiling problem: out of control deficits. 
Earlier this year America’s Comptroller General and the nonpartisan 
Congress and President Obama that America’s current financial path is ‘‘unsustainable,’’ meaning that America faces a debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy unless we get our financial house in order. 
will increase by, roughly, $600 billion in 10 years. For perspective, $600 billion is more than what America spends on national defense, which begs the question: Where will the money for that additional $600 billion debt payment come from? 
America will face an unending string of annual trilliondollar deficits, deficits that can only end in a debilitating American insolvency and bankruptcy. 
don’t care if you are a family, a business, or a country. If you borrow more money than you can pay back, you go bankrupt. 
the debt ceiling. Today’s debt bill is bad because it not only fails to restrain America’s spending addiction, it makes things worse by increasing spending by $80 billion. 
when America’s debt blew through the $14 trillion mark. Now America’s debt is $18 trillion. This debt deal blows America’s debt through the $19 trillion mark, meaning America’s bank account will soon be $5 trillion weaker than it was in 2011. 
problem while we still have the financial ability to do so, this debt deal kicks the can down the road to 2017, when America will be financially weaker and less able to rise to the financial challenge that threatens us. 
to a sick patient going to the emergency room and getting painkilling drugs that make the patient feel better, yet does nothing to cure the disease that kills him. In the real world, that is medical malpractice. Similarly, today’s debt bill that makes America feel good, but does nothing to cure our debt disease, is governing malpractice. 
Congress: ‘‘No pecuniary consideration is more urgent than the regular redemption and discharge of the public debt. On none can delay be more injurious.’’ 
prudent today. Congress and President Obama must balance the budget before America’s debt burden spirals out of control, before it is too late to prevent the debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy that awaits us. 
rise to the challenge and be financially responsible when raising the debt ceiling. The first step is to defeat this debt bill that not only fails to fix a time critical problem, but that actually makes America’s spending addiction $80 billion worse. America’s future as a 
great Nation and a world power depends on it. 
urge my colleagues to be financially responsible—do the same—and insist that the debt ceiling be raised only if we simultaneously fix America’s addiction to deficit spending. Today’s debt ceiling bill fails that benchmark. It threatens America. It should be defeated. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
are in the process of wrapping up a budget agreement that is welcome since it protects against default on the national debt and prevents draconian cuts for disability payments and unfairness in Medicare premiums for our senior citizens; but it continues a downward spiral in government spending for essential items that would improve America’s infrastructure, education, medical research, and much more. Yet, at the same time, we are continuing on autopilot with some of the largest expenditures for generations to come. 
that we will be replacing the next generation of stealth bombers for our nuclear triad—up to 100 of them—at an estimated cost of over $550 million each, and that is just the estimated shelf price, the opening bid, plus another $20 billion in development costs. 
this magnitude is that from the opening bid, the price is likely to spiral much higher in the future. The same contractor, Northrop Grumman, which won this bid, could only build 21 B–2s out of a planned 132 as the costs spiraled to over $1 billion a plane. 
committed to spending over $1 trillion in the coming decades in upgrading our nuclear fleet. Think about it: 12 new ballistic missile submarines, up to 100 new longrange, nuclearcapable bombers, 642 new landbased ballistic missiles, 1,000 new nuclearcapable, long range standoff cruise missiles. 
that we have already are far in excess of anything America will ever need—a destructive capacity to obliterate any nation multiple times over—yet, we are moving ahead without ever discussing this spending here on the House floor as to whether or not it is what we need. 
today in terms of an inability to withstand the devastating impacts of climate change on our communities, the threats from ISIS, different challenges of encroachment from Russia and China—not nuclear attack, but moving ahead in building artificial islands, invading neighboring countries. These are threats now—the Taliban, international terrorism—and we are committed to spending vast sums on weapons that we are never likely to use and are useless against the real threats we face. 
missiles now. These end up threatening us. Look at the recently released information about the standdown around Russian paranoia in 1983 regarding NATO exercises. We didn’t realize how panicked they were or the steps that they took. That is the real threat from nuclear weapons, accident or miscalculation. 
vast sums of money that we are tying up that could be used for other purposes, including strengthening our military for today’s threats or helping our veterans or our communities on what is bearing down upon them or equipping our citizens to function in 
when the ExportImport Bank was freed from the iron grasp of the committee and was allowed to actually be debated on the floor of the House. It had been bottled up for years. It had never had that sort of attention. We had more time and energy spent on the ExIm Bank over the last 50 hours than, probably, the last 50 years—certainly, in the last 50 months. 
What would happen if Congress actually addressed and debated the wisdom of our current nuclear policies and the vast sums of money that are being spent on autopilot that will be chewing a hole in the budget to the detriment of the Department of Defense and everything else? 
There is a lesson to be learned, and I 
hope someday Congress will learn it, because there is a path for a stronger, safer America, for more meaningful, targeted military spending, and for a balanced, thoughtful budget prioritization. If Congress does its job in the open, collectively, the decision becomes easier and the results become better. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the students from Pennsylvania participating in this week’s National Future Farmers of America, or FFA, convention in Louisville, Kentucky. 
‘‘I believe in the future of agriculture.’’ Those are the first words from the FFA creed. The Pennsylvania group is among 60,000 FFA members at this week’s convention, participating in a variety of competitions and stressing the importance of agriculture to our Nation. 
attending the convention is Tony Rice. Tony is a student at the Pennsylvania State University’s main campus in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, and Tony is one of 52 national officer candidates traveling to Louisville. 
selected as national officers of the FFA. These young men and women travel as many as 100,000 miles per year, stressing the importance of agriculture, agriculture education, and the FFA. Candidates are judged upon their ability to be effective communicators and team players. 
met with more than 12,000 high school students to address the important role that agriculture plays in Pennsylvania’s economy as Pennsylvania’s number one industry. 
for his dedication to the future of this industry but also his fellow FFA members and the educators who have helped these young people, who will be the agricultural leaders of tomorrow, succeed. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
the greatest health challenges facing our country right now is hunger. We have a hunger problem in the United States of America. 
the problem. Some have even ignored the problem. In short, our response has been inadequate. And we have failed to view hunger as a health issue, which it is. For our Nation’s youngest and most vulnerable, our children, the negative effects of childhood hunger are pervasive and longlasting. 
So last week I was pleased to see the 
American Academy of Pediatrics release its newest policy statement which, for the first time, recommends that pediatricians screen all children for food insecurity. The new recommendations consist of two simple questions for pediatricians to ask parents of young children at their annual well visit to identify and address childhood hunger. It also recommends that pediatricians become more familiar with our robust system of antihunger programs at the Federal, State, and local levels. When pediatricians know more about these antihunger programs and the resources they provide, they will be better prepared to help families in need. 
Pediatricians are among the most respected, if not the most respected, voices on children’s issues; and I hope that, with the AAP’s policy statement, more people will start paying attention to the devastating effects of childhood hunger on America’s future. 
even exists in this country, the richest country in the world, that one in five 
children lives in a food insecure household, that 17.2 million households in this country struggle with food insecurity, that the only reliable healthy meals some kids receive are the ones they get through school breakfasts or lunches. Their mothers and fathers are forced to skip meals so that their kids can have more to eat because the family simply cannot afford to put enough food on the table. 
children are well documented: for example, children who live in households that are food insecure get sick more often, recover more slowly from illness, have poorer overall health, and are hospitalized more frequently. 
food insecurity are more likely to be iron deficient, and preadolescent boys dealing with hunger issues have lower bone density. Early childhood malnutrition is also tied to conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. 
impair a child’s ability to concentrate and perform well in school and is linked to higher levels of behavioral and emotional problems from preschool through adolescence. 
I have personally heard from pediatricians who see kids in the emergency room come in for a common cold that has become much worse because they don’t have enough to eat, and their immune systems have been compromised. Stories like these are heartbreaking. 
Mr. Speaker, we know that consistent access to adequate nutritious food is one of the best medicines for growing, thriving children. Children’s Health Watch, a national network of pediatricians and child health professionals, found that, in comparison to children whose families were eligible but did not receive SNAP, young children whose families received SNAP were significantly less likely to be at risk of being underweight or experiencing developmental delays. 
swayed by the moral arguments for ending childhood hunger, they ought to be swayed by the economic ones. Ensuring that our kids have access to enough nutritious food saves money in the form of reduced healthcare costs and helps them become more productive contributors to our economy later in life. 
Mr. Speaker, without our robust Federal antihunger programs, there would no doubt be more hungry children in this country. 
Program for Women, Infants, and Children, or WIC, provides nutritious food and support for children and mothers. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, is our Nation’s premiere antihunger program and helps millions of lowincome families afford to purchase food every month. About half of all SNAP recipients are children. And our school breakfast and lunch programs, summer 
meals, and Child and Adult Food Care Programs all provide nutritious meals to children in community, childfriendly settings. 
work our food banks, food pantries, and other charities do to provide healthy food for lowincome children and their families. Despite the incredible work that they do, charities cannot do it alone. The demand is simply too great. Charities need a strong Federal partner to end hunger in this country. 
been urging the White House to convene a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger. We ought to bring antihunger groups, pediatricians, business leaders, teachers, hospitals, farmers, nonprofits, faith leaders, and governmental officials together to come up with a plan to end hunger in this country once and for all. I can think of no more compelling reason to end hunger now than for the health and wellbeing of America’s children. 
Academy of Pediatrics for working to solve hunger as a health issue and addressing how it affects our country’s greatest resource: our children. We can and we should do more to end hunger now. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. 
now been 1,532 days since President Obama said Syria’s Bashar Assad must go. Guess what? He is still there. 
Obama drew the red line in the sand, so to speak, and told Assad not to use chemical weapons on his own people. Well, he ignored that. And he used chemical weapons, and he continues to use chemical weapons and kill his own people. 
of ISIS, the refugee crisis of tens of thousands of people, children having to migrate northward to get out of Syria, the civil war—are all the direct results of the President’s unwillingness to stand by his word. 
Now Russia is in Syria. They are telling the U.S. on our own soil that America is weak. Look at what they have done in Ukraine. We didn’t do anything but give rhetoric and words. Nothing to push Putin back to where he should be. 
world, and we would rather appease our enemies than show our strength. This administration still has no strategy for handling ISIS, no tangible plan for defeating Assad, and seemingly no will to stand up to Russia’s aggression. 
must be defeated. America must stand firm and show the world we are a force to be reckoned with, not to be trampled on. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR) for 5 minutes. 
Dyslexia Awareness Month. It is part of the broader Learning Disabilities Month. This is the time we focus on learning disabilities, particularly in our students and our own children and many who suffer from learning disabilities. 
I am emphasizing Dyslexia Awareness Month because I have dyslexia. Growing up, it was very hard being a student that couldn’t read well, couldn’t spell, couldn’t write. I was very ashamed of that. I was shy. I didn’t know how to ask for help, but I had a lot of support in my home. 
know how to treat it. We didn’t even know how to diagnose it in the early ages. I became withdrawn and embarrassed to go to class, particularly to get up and to have to read in front of the class and to spell in front of the class. I still have trouble doing that. Thanks to loving parents and to supportive teachers, I am here. 
remove the stigma attached to learning disabilities. No student should have to sit in silence being ashamed, being afraid to ask for help. 
Enid Larson, a person whom I actually wanted to grow up and be like and be a high school biology teacher, who taught me I could accomplish anything. I think I studied sciences because so much of science was memorization and not having to write a lot of papers and not having to read in front of the class. 
I pass that same message along because one in five children with learning disabilities or attention issues has to know that it is not because they have a low IQ. They don’t. In fact, some of the brightest people in history have had these learning disabilities. It isn’t because you are different. It means that you are unique. It means that, with the right help, support, and love, you can accomplish many things. You can cope with your disability. 
dyslexic or have children who are dyslexic, and so many that we have actually formed a Congressional Dyslexic Caucus. I am urging you to ask your Member of Congress, if they have not been a member of that caucus, to join it. 
I ask for you to ask your school districts what help they are bringing to kids with disabilities and particularly for dyslexic students. 
out. You may be shy about reading, but that shouldn’t be affecting your speaking. You should speak out about what you feel and what you want. 
Dyslexia is a reading and spelling disorder, but you can develop coping skills. With that, you can overcome your shame and your shyness. After all, many of us in Congress have done 
that, and that is why I am speaking today and not reading. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
to recognize and congratulate the Fisher Center for Alzheimer’s Research Foundation on their 20th anniversary. To date, the Fisher Center has raised tens of millions of dollars in private funds in the quest to find a cure for this heartbreaking disease that affects millions of families across the country and around the world. 
Mr. Zachary Fisher created the foundation in 1995, with the single mission of finding a cure for Alzheimer’s through scientific discovery. Since then, the research scientists at the Fisher Center for Alzheimer’s Research at Rockefeller University, led by Nobel laureate Dr. Paul Greengard, have made remarkable strides, advancing groundbreaking research. But there is, of course, much more work to be done to defeat this debilitating disease. 
the foundation’s leadership in the fight to cure Alzheimer’s, I must also recognize Mr. Fisher’s many other charitable endeavors that have transformed and touched the lives of those who serve our Nation in uniform. 
supporting the men and women of our Armed Forces, and our veterans as well. In that light, he founded the Fisher House Foundation, which provides housing to the families of our veterans and our servicemen while a loved one receives medical treatment. Additionally, Mr. Fisher founded the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum in New York City. 
is to urge my colleagues once again and to urge the Nation once again to focus on the profound need to increase Alzheimer’s research and to recognize the equally profound work that the Fisher Center has done to ultimately advance and find a cure. 
from Alzheimer’s, we must do more. Left unchecked, Alzheimer’s will continue to dramatically impact countless lives and families across the country. Left unchecked, Alzheimer’s could cost our Nation $1.1 trillion annually by 2050. 
join me in the fight to find a cure for Alzheimer’s, and I rise today to thank the Fisher Center Foundation for leading this charge by funding groundbreaking research to finally end this disease. PRESERVING OUR PLANET 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to direct our attention to the importance of preserving our planet and what we should do to address the issue of the changes going on in our climate. 
Protecting our environment and addressing climate change are issues which are important to all of our cities across the United States. In fact, at a very local level, many of our communities are working on these issues because they face them directly head on. 
other communities, we are familyoriented, and we want to provide a better future for our generations to come. That includes leaving our planet better—better—for our grandchildren and their children. 
to increase in the United States—we are about one out of every four, and they say that in another 30 or 40 years, we will be one out of every three Americans—our exposure to climate change and the risks of pollution are even more important because our ZIP Codes—where we live, where the Latino community lives—are where we are highest at risk. 
It is estimated that close to 50 percent of all Latino Americans live in counties that frequently violate groundlevel ozone standards. It just doesn’t affect Latinos, by the way. Asian Americans tend to also live in those ZIP Codes. 
breathing dirtier air than most Americans, and we have more respiratory illness. Poor environmental protections affect the food that we feed our children, the air that our families breathe, and the water that we drink. 
Since I was elected to Congress almost 20 years ago, I have worked tirelessly to work in Orange County— where I live and where I represent—to help get some green projects in, both in Orange County and in California. 
For example, I have fought to maintain the funding for the Pacific Crest Trail, which serves residents of the entire West Coast and visitors from around the world. Of course, I am an avid hiker; so, I love that trail. 
In fact, in this Congress, I cosponsored legislation which would permanently extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which ensures the conservation of national parks, rivers, and streams. It provides grants to local parks and to recreation projects. 
One of the things it does is try to ensure that, for example, California, being so long in length, you could start at the southern portion of California and actually walk through wilderness all the way to the Oregon border. 
Fund is a bipartisan program. That is why it kind of distresses me a little bit 
it, because it is incredibly important, especially in urban areas, such as my district, where there is little natural environment left and where we need open space and green parks. 
barbecues. It is where we have our family gatherings. It is incredibly important to us. Sometimes we live in pretty cramped conditions, and we need that outdoor space, even if it is in an urban area. Places like Pearson and Pioneer Park in my hometown of Anaheim or Centennial Park in Santa Ana or our beautiful Santa Ana Zoo have all been made possible by the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
total cost to taxpayers for these wonderful developments are? Zero. The land and water conservation comes at no cost to the taxpayer, but it benefits them immensely. And, still, this House has failed to fund this. It expired on September 30. 
Conservation Fund is another example of a commonsense—commonsense—bipartisan program on which this House has neglected to act. 
can you go back to the people of your district and say to them: Oh, I don’t really care about your parks. I don’t really care about the environment. I don’t care about where you hang out with your families? This Congress has to act. We should act together on this because it is incredibly important to our families. 
one from one of my favorite people, His Holiness Pope Francis: ‘‘I call for a courageous and responsible effort to ‘redirect our steps’ and to avert the most serious effects of the environmental deterioration caused by human activity. I am convinced that we can make a difference.’’ I am sure. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 
rise today in recognition of Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, and today I wish to honor those fighters, survivors, and families it impacts, such as the Edwards family of Washington Crossing, Bucks County. Tracy Edwards was just 47 years old, a 
wife, mother, daughter, sister, and a courageous fighter to the end. 
The American Cancer Society estimates that nearly 300,000 new cases of breast cancer will be diagnosed in the United States this year. It is critical that we understand that the battle against this disease does not end when the pink ribbons go away. 
I fully understand the vital role leaders play here in Washington every day in supporting groundbreaking research and that we must fight for better treatments, finding a cure, and ultimately defeating breast cancer. Let’s work together to end it once and for all. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for 5 minutes. 
long we have neglected mental health in our Nation, leaving many to suffer with little hope. Nowhere is this seen more clearly than in our rural communities. 
percent of rural Americans are living in areas that are experiencing shortages in mental health professionals. More than 90 percent of practicing psychologists and psychiatrists in this country work exclusively in metropolitan areas. More than 65 percent of rural Americans rely solely on their primary care providers for mental health care. In most rural communities, the primary mental health crisis responder is a law enforcement officer, despite not being a medical specialist. 
continue to face longer wait times, difficulty accessing care, and longdistance travel just to access subpar care by professionals, through no fault of their own, not even adequately trained to diagnose and treat mental health issues. In Shasta County, in my district, there is evidently only one psychiatrist in the area, while there is an estimated 4,000 patients with mental health needs. 
healthcare facilities, such as the shortage of inpatient beds and space, leaves patients stuck with longer wait times in the emergency room before they can even see a health professional with no other options. 
attempted to make strides in this area by including behavioral health coverage, this system is fundamentally and fatally flawed. 
funding at it may serve as a temporary BandAid for the symptoms of this crisis, it does nothing to address the root of the problem. Onesizefitsall, top down systems do not work, especially in rural America. 
quo, our rural patients will continue to suffer and, in many unfortunate cases, 
end up suicidal, homeless, or in prison, placing an even greater financial burden on our communities. 
For this reason, I am proud to support H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2015. I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for introducing this sorely needed bill. It is said the first step to fixing a problem is acknowledging there is one, and that is exactly what this bill does. 
on mental health every year, yet our country still faces a shortage of nearly 100,000 psychiatric beds. Three of the largest mental health hospitals are, in fact, criminal incarceration facilities. 
For every 2,000 children with a mental health disorder, only one child psychiatrist is available. Outdated HIPAA privacy laws continue to prevent families and doctors from getting their loved ones and patients the care they need. 
but it certainly does not have to be. H.R. 2646 is a great step in rebuilding the system to one that works to empower patients and families with the access to care and services they need. 
It brings accountability to the system to ensure every Federal dollar is going to evidencebased standards, improves quality, and expands access to behavioral health in our community health clinics while advancing telepsychiatry in areas with limited access to mental health professionals, and, importantly, ends the outdated prohibition on physicians volunteering at clinics and federally qualified health centers. 
those experiencing a crisis and improves alternatives to institutionalization so patients can access the treatment they need, while it helps us decrease the incarceration rates, homelessness, and recurring ER visits. These are just a few of the sorely needed reforms included in H.R. 2646. 
colleague, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ), for his leadership in introducing this bill and urge my colleagues to lend their support of this responsible measure to help fix this broken system. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
rise today to commemorate Breast Cancer Awareness Month. As a breast cancer survivor, I want to add to my sisters and brothers my appreciation for their strength and determination and my respect to those families whose loved ones did not survive the battle. 
awareness, we have begun to focus on more research for breast cancer remedies and solutions. I introduced a bill 
cancer, which is the most deadly breast cancer and impacts women and minority women to the extent that their lifespan is shortened. 
I rise today to indicate and to ask for 
renewed commitment by this Congress to focus on more research to bring an end to the forms of breast cancer that have been so deadly, in particular, to women. 
of Defense for working with me on providing and supporting legislation that I offered and introduced to provide the research, but also the care for military women who have had breast cancer during their service in the United States military. 
and I acknowledge again the privilege I had to serve on the Committee on the Judiciary and to work with Chairman Hyde in the early stages of introducing and reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. So many strides have been made. 
the many agencies in Houston that have helped women—and, in some instances, men—who have been victims of domestic violence and abuse, in particular, the Houston Area Women’s Center that has provided service. I served on the board previously, and I appreciate their service. We want to say to those women—and maybe men— do not suffer alone. Seek help and seek help now. 
Mr. Speaker, today we will be looking at the culmination of discussions that have presented themselves as a budget that would end some form of sequester and would raise the debt limit until March 15, 2017. 
Progressive Caucus, I am committed to certain principles that I believe help all of America, and those are: the end to sequestration; the saving of Social Security, Medicaid, and Medicare; not eliminating any executive orders or toxic riders undermining, for example, the issues of dealing with our broken immigration system; and the evenness of defense and nondefense sequester relief. We have begun that journey. 
seniors that we would fight against the horrific increases that were about to take place under Medicare part D. Those numbers were going to be onerous and burdensome on our seniors, and I will offer them in just a moment. 
In addition, let me say that the compromise generates $80 billion of sequester increases over 2 years, with the increase split evenly between defense and nondefense programs, and an additional $16 billion in discretionary funding over a 2year period. I am hoping that this will help many. 
breast cancer research. It will help the National Institutes of Health. It will help fill the seats for so many parents who need Head Start resources for 
Having traveled with my congressional colleagues, I know that diplomatic security is a vital component to protecting our Foreign Service officers. And then it will improve, if you will, the daytoday functions of this government. 
to the Medicare part B premiums, that we will not see the 54 percent increase that I think was the number, and that the increase will be somewhere around 18 to 20 percent. We want it to be zero. 
are continuing to fight as your increases in prescription drugs and service under Medicare part D continue to go down. And, might I just add, that I believe it is important, in addition, that we negotiate the decreasing price of prescription drugs. If you talk to any individual, what they will say is their highest cost, part of their highest cost, whether it is seniors or families, is the cost of prescription drugs. So I think it is very important. 
I think I want to look more into, Mr. 
Speaker, the Social Security disability fix that is in this budget to ensure that no one sees any loss and cuts in their benefits. We just can’t stand for that. Social Security recipients, as much as people want to clarify them as some having perpetrated fraud, they do not, Mr. Speaker. 
As I close, let me say I want to protect those who are disabled. We are going to continue to look at this, even down to the moment of voting, to make sure that the budget brings about success and help and not harm. 
I ask my colleagues to be deliberative in this debate. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I want to speak to all the student athletes, the parents of student athletes, athletic trainers, and coaches out there: Sports build character. I want to make sure we are using technology, science, data analytics, and best practices to keep our student athletes practicing, performing, and competing in a safe and responsible manner. 
college athlete, the pregame and prepractice routines that my coaches used to require before we could start to play. And while sports provide great enjoyment for athletes, fans, and coaches, they also pose health risks; some of them are unavoidable, but some are preventable. 
can establish best practices so our athletes can remain healthy and compete, and our sports teams can succeed. We can do that and still make certain injuries more preventable in the process. In 2015, we have watches that provide 
realtime data on our heart rate, caloric intake, and blood pressure to smartphones that can then be shared with coaches, parents, and physicians; and that is just an Apple iWatch or a Fitbit. 
hand these days, from mathematical algorithms as to what quarterback will be most successful on a Sunday afternoon, to the data of building a winning baseball team. 
skills, knowledge, and teamwork, both on and off the field. Just as we find ways to incorporate technology and data to ensure our next generation of athletes can remain healthy and playing well into old age, we must also encourage investments in the research, innovation, and technology to continue to build upon these already great achievements. 
using data analytics to better understand athletic injuries in our children and student athletes: for example, preemptively identifying vulnerabilities and assessing the lasting impact of other injuries so we can design equipment and enforce rules to most effectively avoid the likelihood of such injuries, but do so without compromising the integrity of the competitive sports we all enjoy watching or participating in. 
Health professionals, coaches, trainers, and parents can utilize this data to bring about greater awareness of sound practices that can keep our student athletes healthy and in the game, not on the sidelines. 
newspaper about a student athlete who suffered a concussion during football or soccer practice. In 2013 alone, over 1.2 million children visited emergency rooms for sportsrelated injuries, and nearly 8 percent of these emergency room visits were concussionrelated. 
Earlier this year, I had the opportunity to introduce H. Res. 112, a resolution, the Secondary School Student Athletes’ Bill of Rights, which encourages greater communication, coordination, and teamwork among coaches, parents, teachers, and medical professionals to ensure that our children receive adequate training, safe equipment and facilities, and immediate, on site injury assessment. 
generate information like RBIs or yards per carry can be used to study incidence of injury, the impact of certain dietary habits on developing athletes, better training practices, and a host of ways to improve the safe and responsible athletic experience for our youngest athletes. 
organizations dedicated to improving the health of our student athletes, including the National Athletic Trainers 
Association, the American Football Coaches Association, the American Heart Association, the National Association of State Boards of Education, 
and the American Academy of Pediatrics, H. Res. 112 is just one step towards encouraging and emphasizing the use, sharing, and incorporation of data and innovation in improving the safety of athletes and avoiding injury. 
field success of our student athletes, just as important is making sure we are giving our next generation the tools they need in innovation and analytics. In Congress, we should enable continued research by making a commitment to providing the next generation of innovators with the tools to learn, develop, and ultimately succeed. 
of innovation, lies in a dynamic, motivated, and a welleducated workforce equipped with science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. As a member of the Congressional STEM Caucus, I will continue to be an advocate for continued funding of STEM curriculum in schools so that we can equip the next generation of scientists and mathematicians with the tools to succeed. STEM classroom lessons can be applied to sports and the datacollection process. Our STEM students will play a major role in leading the way for greater success on the field. 
together to continue to keep our favorite athletes and our children and our teams on the field and in the game, prevent injuries, and encourage lifelong habits that will allow our children to lead healthier lives. By encouraging the use of technology, we can ensure our student athletes, our athletic trainers, our parents, and our coaches have the tools needed to keep our athletes healthy and on the field instead of on the sidelines. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ) for 5 minutes. 
Congress we deal with a great number of different matters, and we vote. Sometimes we win, and sometimes we lose. But I thought it was worth spending a moment this morning to take a look at how the Iran nuclear deal is going. We are 10 days since the deal has been formally adopted, and here is the update: 
begun redefining and testing the agreement. Earlier this month, Iran tested its new ballistic missile. The missile has a 1,000mile range, can carry a 1,600pound payload. The only practical use for this ballistic missile is to carry a nuclear warhead. 
The Washington Post journalist they have been holding. The day after that, Iran arrested, apparently, an American businessman. 
partnering with Russia to undermine our policy and goals in Syria. And, of course, Iran continues to hold the four 
changing its rogue behavior. We are 10 days into this deal, and so far, I have to say, we are not off to a very good start. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) for 5 minutes. 
is important that constituents know why their Members vote for and against different things. 
Yesterday, we saw the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank, and I voted ‘‘no’’ on that. Of course, I, like probably every single Member of Congress, have businesses in the district that I represent that use the Export Import Bank to further their business, hire their employees, and help their community. 
the ExportImport Bank? I am here to tell you why. 
freemarket value and its wanted standing in the world. It is not by a corrupt system of cronyism and political favor, and that is what the Export Import Bank is to me. 
businesses in every community use the ExportImport Bank, fully 98 percent of businesses don’t use the ExportImport Bank to do their exporting—98 percent. But that is not really the issue. The issue is other things. 
more than 51 percent of all ExIm subsidies benefited just 10—10—corporations. One in particular benefited from $66.7 billion in subsidies during the past 7 years. 
can’t afford our military. But we can sure afford for 10 corporations to get 51 percent, because it is not really about the small business in your community, generally speaking. As a matter of fact, foreign firms that receive most of ExIm financing are large corporations that primarily purchase exports from U.S. conglomerates, not from Main Street businesses. 
controlled and rake in millions of dollars from their own governments, in addition to ExIm Bank subsidies that the taxpayers are on the hook for. 
development, and production of oil or natural gas, these foreign firms collecting subsidies from American taxpayers at the same time that this administration is restricting domestic oil and gas operations right here at home. Consequently, the Federal Government has doubly disadvantaged U.S. energy firms through excessive regulation and ExIm Bank subsidies granted to foreign competitors. 
not what you know, but it is who you know. Of the 16 members of the ExIm 
Bank’s 2014 advisory committee, half, fully half, were executives at companies or unions that directly benefited from ExIm financing during their term—fully half. 
Another five members represent companies or unions that received ExIm assistance shortly before they joined, and I will give you an example. 
and New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson has held a seat on Spanish energy company Abengoa’s international advisory board. Shortly after joining the firm, Mr. Richardson was appointed to the ExIm advisory board, right around the same time the two ExIm Bank loans benefiting Abengoa were issued. Fascinating coincidence. Those taxpayerbacked loans totaled around $150 million. 
advisory committee members being associated with their beneficiaries is a positive feature. To the contrary, I think it shows that a corporate cronyism atmosphere exists at ExIm and will continue to exist at ExIm. 
The office of the IG and the GAO, the 
Government Accountability Office, repeatedly document mismanagement, dysfunction within ExIm, including inefficient policies and procedures to guard against waste, fraud, and abuse. 
initiated between October 2007 and March 2014, as well as 792 separate claims involving more than $500 million, and 74 administrative actions since April of 2009 in which bank officials were forced to act internally on the basis of investigations by the inspector general. 
The Congressional Budget Office reported that ExIm programs actually operate at a deficit, because we also are told that it makes the American taxpayer money; but we don’t really know, because they use their own accounting system not used anywhere else. Actually, the CBO says that will cost taxpayers $2 billion in the next decade. 
And you wonder why certain Members of Congress don’t vote for this thing. It is not about the small businesses in our communities that are trying to do a good job and play by the rules, because they are doing a good job and playing by the rules. But there is a bigger issue here. There is more to the story. 
guarantees an audit every 4 years— every 4 years. But keep in mind that ExIm currently has around 30 open investigations, 75 years of combined prison time, 90 criminal indictments and complaints, 49 criminal judgments, more than $223 million in courtordered fines and restitution, and I could go on. 
do everything it could for small business, but it does a lot for people that 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
for years, I have been pushing for the United States to reexamine its relationship with UNRWA, the U.N. Relief and Works Agency. 
UNRWA employs individuals affiliated with Hamas, a U.S.designated terrorist organization that openly and loudly incites violence against Israel; yet the United States—which means the U.S. taxpayer—sends nearly $300 million a year to this organization, to UNRWA without questioning, without scrutiny. 
Just last week, the U.N. quietly suspended several individuals after allegations of incitement were brought forth from the NGO U.N. Watch. And we thank U.N. Watch for carefully looking over this organization. 
just the tip of the iceberg. We must not continue to send taxpayer dollars to UNRWA—again, that is the United Nations Relief and Works Agency—and, subsequently, to individuals tied to the terror group Hamas in violation of our laws. 
this week, I reintroduced my bill that would stop all U.S. contributions to UNRWA until the organization purges its payroll of individuals who incite violence against Israel and until that organization ends all its affiliations with Hamas. Is that really too much to ask, that we should demand that before U.N. agencies get one penny of U.S. taxpayer money that they must not incite violence and that they must no longer affiliate themselves with a U.S. designated terrorist organization? 
and to lead in the effort to fight the incitement to violence against Israel. 
rise to pay tribute to an extraordinary south Floridian and one of the most highly decorated veterans of the Vietnam war, my dear friend Jacinto Acebal. 
‘‘Ace,’’ as we all call him—was diagnosed with larynx cancer. The news hit Ace like a ton of bricks; and, like so many others diagnosed with this horrible disease, the chances of a favorable outcome looked disheartening. 
However, no stranger to tough situations, Ace made a commitment to his family that he was not going without a fight. After a total of 8 chemotherapy sessions, 33 radiation treatments, and 3 different surgeries, Ace is no longer bedridden and has been declared cancerfree. 
So I ask my colleagues to join me in 
congratulating Jacinto ‘‘Ace’’ Acebal on this incredible milestone and wishing him many years of good health throughout his life. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 5 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Church of the East, Salida, California, offered the following prayer: 
consolation, we come to You at this hour asking You to bless our civil servants as they labor for our country and its citizens. Grant them Your wisdom and enlighten them with Your truth that they might serve the greater good of our country. 
of peace and justice in our society today. May they bring about reconciliation and hope in our communities and neighborhoods, and may they be exemplary citizens and servants to their constituents, without distinction of race or creed. 
which has been a beacon of hope and a refuge for the oppressed and the marginalized. Grant freedom to the captive, relief to the suffering, and help us all to construct a better and safer tomorrow for our future generations of Americans. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) come forward and lead the 
Ms. D ELBENE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
great honor today to introduce to the House our guest chaplain, Bishop Mar Awa Royel. 
the Holy Apostolic Catholic Assyrian Church of the East’s Diocese of California and serves as Secretary of the Holy Synod. He was consecrated as a Bishop in 2008 and is the first Americanborn Bishop of the Assyrian Church of the East. 
the Assyrian Church of the East Relief Organization. He is also the president of the Commission on InterChurch Relations and Educational Development. 
Royel and work with him to help raise awareness of the plight of Assyrians in the Middle East who are facing unspeakable violence and persecution. Many Central Valley residents have family members who are suffering under ISIL’s campaign of terror. I am thankful for Bishop Royel’s efforts. Bishop Royel is a gifted speaker, esteemed author, and leader of California’s large and faithful Assyrian community. 
join me in welcoming him today. We thank him for offering this afternoon’s opening prayer in the United States House of Representatives. 
today to recognize South La Porte County Special Education Cooperative Director Paula Nichols for her dedication to providing services to nearly 
The coop employs 97 teachers and 50 paraprofessionals, ensuring that students receive highquality instruction and have positive learning experiences. 
teachers, especially in special ed, is increasing at a pace far greater than existing communities can produce. My thanks for Paula’s dedication. 
services that empower students to become active members of society based on their individual strengths and abilities. Last year, I visited the South La Porte County Special Education Cooperative and saw firsthand the great work of this organization. 
the coop for working with parents, schools, students, and the community to create an environment that celebrates and embraces individuality and accommodates diverse learning needs. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Paula Nichols for her tireless dedication to students in La Porte County. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. This month is a time for all of us to examine the work that must be done so that every American can live free from the fear of domestic violence. 
All of us would do well this month to 
consider the destructive role that guns can and do play in incidents of domestic violence. From 2001 until 2012, 6,410 women were killed by a gun wielded by an intimate partner. That number is nearly 1,100 more than the total number of American soldiers who were killed in Iraq and Afghanistan over the same time period. 
abusers can still legally purchase a gun. There is no Federal prohibition to prevent the sale of a gun to someone convicted of a misdemeanor crime in a dating partner relationship or someone convicted of misdemeanor stalking offenses. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Protecting Domestic Violence and Stalking Victims Act, which Congresswoman LOISCAPPS has introduced, to close these loopholes immediately. 
Let’s get to work to end this epidemic and protect the lives of women across our country during Domestic Violence Awareness Month. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
because 75 years ago this week, the Nazis were sweeping through Europe 
with frightening ease. This was the backdrop on the early morning of October 28, 1940, when the Axis forces requested a meeting with the Greek Prime Minister, Ioannis Metaxas. 
a short one. They came with only one simple demand: Greece must unconditionally surrender and allow the Axis forces unfettered use of strategic military sites or the Greek people would face war. 
The Axis forces clearly underestimated the resolve of the Greeks. Prime Minister Metaxas shocked the Axis powers by giving his now famous one word answer: ‘‘Oxi.’’ 
to stay out of the conflict in hopes that they would be spared, the Greeks willingly inserted themselves into the fray, costing hundreds of thousands of Greek lives, but saving millions by continually stifling the Axis forces. 
as Greek forces fought heroically; but Greece paid a terrible price as well, losing practically an entire generation of men and women. 
bravery of the Greek people, let us also remember the millions of Greeks who perished so that Hitler might be stopped. 
today to commend the Trinity River Mission for their dedicated efforts to ensure that all children can achieve academic success. I recently visited Trinity River Mission and was so moved and impressed by what I saw and learned. 
volunteerbased community learning center, servicing the educational needs of children, youth, and families in West Dallas. The organization provides a safe environment, nutritional meals, and an afterschool program to support youth in grades K through 12 at absolutely no cost to their families. 
kids and volunteers like Dolores Sosa Green, Rosie Cisneros, and other volunteers who have come back to the community to work with these kids to show them that they can achieve anything through education. 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I would like to share the story of a 
breast cancer survivor I met last week at home. Her name is Bree Sandlin. She is married to Stephen. They have two sons, Beck and Elliott. Elliott is a 
with stage III triplenegative breast cancer. After major surgery and chemotherapy, Bree was cancer free by February 13, 2013. 
A proud Texas Aggie, Bree has embraced life after her cancer. She climbed Mount Kilimanjaro, 19,341 feet above sea level. This past Sunday, she ran the Marine Corps Marathon with a time of 5 hours, 39 minutes, and 10 seconds. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
History Month draws to a close, I rise today to recognize Chicago LGBT activist Henry Gerber, a man well ahead of his time. 
Human Rights in 1924. It was the first chartered gay rights organization in the United States. His home in Chicago’s north side, my district, served as the society’s headquarters, and from there he published the firstknown gay interest periodical in the U.S. 
risks. Less than a year after he founded the society, police raided his home, arrested him, and confiscated his possessions. He was put on trial three times. Although he was never convicted of a crime, he lost his life savings, his reputation, and his job. 
long way in the fight for equality, but we can all learn from Henry Gerber’s struggle for human rights in the face of overwhelming adversity. 
today to remember the life of Lieutenant Colonel Timothy Reddy, a resident of Baldwin County, Alabama. 
United States Military Academy at West Point in 1976 and was ActiveDuty military for 23 years, including a combat tour with the 82nd Airborne Division in Grenada. 
Following his military service, Colonel Reddy began a 15year career teaching math and coaching soccer and swim team at Fairhope High School in my district. He was known for pushing his students to the next level and making them better people. I can personally attest to Colonel Reddy’s teaching ability because my children were his students and they considered him one of their alltime favorite teachers. And he was tough. 
So on behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District, I want to share our deepest condolences with Colonel Reddy’s loved ones. He was a great American and an extraordinary educator. Colonel Reddy made a positive impact in the lives of so many, and his legacy will live on in his students, his family, and his friends. 
today to celebrate Farm to School Month. Having healthy foods in our schools is crucial. We know that, when students are provided with wholesome foods, they are more likely to pay attention in class and to learn. In addition, by introducing kids to a variety of fruits and vegetables at a young age, we can teach them how to eat healthy over the long term. 
have farmers who grow some of the best food in the world. If our children know where their food comes from, they are also more likely to be passionate and connected to their food choices. 
Across our region hundreds of different fruits and vegetables are grown. These crops provide fresh, quality foods to our schools. Why buy berries from another State when we can purchase them from our local farmers? 
local Farm to School movement and recognize those working to increase access to nutritious foods in schools. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
of October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and I rise today to call attention and awareness to this disease and to recognize the many women and men in America who are fighting it. 
The American Cancer Society estimates that more than 230,000 women and 2,350 men will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year and over 40,000 women and men will, sadly, lose their battle. 
our country are working towards a cure. We must honor their commitment with full funding of the National Institutes of Health to ensure that we are meeting our commitment to them and the millions of lives affected by cancer each year. 
That is why I supported the 21st Century Cures bill that passed the House earlier this year with a majority of each party in support. That is also why I am renewing my call to double NIH funding over the coming decade to recruit, retain, and invest in the people 
and research that will save lives, grow our economy, and save us trillions. 
‘‘moonshot,’’ as our Vice President called it earlier this week. It is time for this Congress to make curing cancer its signature priority. 
the mayors of cities like Houston, Texas; Tallahassee, Florida; and Portland, Maine, have in common? They all support closing loopholes in our background check laws, loopholes that let convicted felons and those with severe mental illness buy deadly weapons. That is just one of the findings from Politico magazine’s recent ‘‘What Works’’ survey of mayors from across the country. 
every part of this country, 90 percent of mayors say they want stronger background checks, 86 percent say they want the gun show loophole closed, and 78 percent want those subject to restraining orders barred from ever buying guns. It is no surprise why. 
the gun violence that plagues our country every day. They know the victims of the homicides, the suicides, the accidental shootings, and the domestic gun violence that leave families forever shattered. They know how hollow the gun lobby sounds when it says there is nothing we can do to prevent more tragedies, and they know that it is within the power of this Congress to fix the laws that do not work and to save the lives that need not be lost. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, acupuncture is one of the oldest medical treatments in the world. Here in the U.S., the demand for acupuncture has grown significantly in recent years. 
use alternative medicines. When other treatments may not help, acupuncture can treat chronic pain, mental health issues, substance abuse, and many other illnesses. 
I will never forget hearing the testimony of a woman who had severe back pain, but did not want invasive surgery, as suggested by her doctor, and possible addiction to morphine. Instead, she sought acupuncture, and it worked for her. 
Health indicates that, for some medical issues, acupuncture can provide the needed relief. It is my goal to make this treatment available to all Americans, including seniors, our brave servicemembers, and respected veterans. 
just that. This bill, the Acupuncture for Heroes and Seniors Act, will expand access to acupuncture services to these communities because they deserve to have all the tools at their disposal to live long and healthy lives. 
country is blessed with incredibly talented and Godfearing families and individuals. One great example is Danny Kornegay, a constituent and friend who was recently named the 2015 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Expo Southeastern Farmer of the Year. 
after graduating high school and during the past 45 years has grown his operation to more than 5,500 acres, producing tobacco, sweet potatoes, cotton, soybeans, wheat, and peanuts. He also finishes about 8,000 to 10,000 head of hog per year. 
for many years. Farm families like his prove agriculture is in very capable hands, and they are the reason America continues to produce the best and safest food supply in the world. 
our community, and our State is unparalleled. I know his family and many friends are proud of him. In fact, we are all proud of him. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
beside me depicts the moment in Pope Francis’ parade through D.C. when a little girl snuck through the barrier and was lifted into the Pope’s arms on live TV. 
mine, Sophie Cruz, a 5yearold from the City of South Gate. She is one of 5 million children who are American citizens, but whose undocumented parents face deportation. She gave the Pope a Tshirt with a message in Spanish that read: ‘‘Pope, rescue DAPA so the legalization can be your blessing.’’ 
Deferred Action for Parental Accountability, or DAPA, is a program that would stop the deportation of parents of American children. So far, DAPA faces strong opposition. But is this really what we want, to separate families, to leave American children in the United States without their parents? 
Sophie as my constituent. Last night my office honored her with a congressional certificate at a ceremony at the South Gate City Hall. I wish that I 
want Sophie to know that I support her and that I will be fighting for DAPA for her and for the 5 million children just like her across this great country. 
rise to discuss new bipartisan steps my House New Hampshire colleague, FRANK GUINTA , and I are taking to 
combat the heroin epidemic seizing New Hampshire and many other States across this country. 
experienced 321 drugrelated deaths, according to the State medical examiner’s office, and the rate of drugrelated fatalities in 2015 is expected to increase. 
terrible epidemic as I meet with affected communities and stakeholders across my district. From educators to police officers, to advocates and health providers, it is only when we stand united and coordinate our efforts that we will be able to halt the destruction that this dangerous substance is causing all across our communities. 
both sides of the aisle to join me and my fellow Representative from New Hampshire in our Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic. This task force will focus on finding solutions to the growing epidemic. We believe we must do everything possible to spread awareness, increase educational efforts, and hear from affected families and individuals. 
join us to end this epidemic in our communities. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
is National Farm to School Month, and I want to talk today about the recent gains our schools have made in connecting students with local food. 
School movement has inspired over 40,000 schools to spend more of their food dollars locally, to create healthier meal options, and to teach students about growing and preparing local food. These efforts have brought numerous benefits, like new markets for local agricultural producers, better nutrition for students, and less food being thrown away in the trash. 
of Maine have helped lead the way; but, like others, they encounter many challenges in replacing highly processed food with fresh ingredients. The USDA Farm to School grants 
have eased that transition for many schools by helping them make needed changes in procurement, facilities, and training. As we celebrate Farm to School efforts this month and look toward child nutrition reauthorization, I encourage my colleagues to support increased funding for this program so more communities can reap the benefits. 
(Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Air Force Major Phyllis Pelky, who died earlier this month in a helicopter crash in Kabul, Afghanistan. 
Pelky served her nation with distinction as aidedecamp to the superintendent of the Air Force Academy. Major Pelky had been deployed in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel in Afghanistan, working as the deputy manpower chief of the American Train, Advise and Assist Command. 
service and patriotism of Major Pelky and recognize her sacrifice, the ultimate sacrifice as a member of our armed services, we also thank her for her contributions in the classroom. 
Major Pelky was a beloved humanities teacher at the Rio Rancho High School. Her commitment to her students, combined with her enthusiasm, encouraged them to learn. She left a lasting impact on those who were fortunate to have her as a teacher. Her enduring spirit will live on through the many students she inspired. 
Pelky and celebrate her life, my thoughts and prayers are with her husband, her two sons, her family, and the Rio Rancho community during this sad time. 
Domestic Violence Awareness Month. One in three women report experiencing domestic violence throughout their lifetimes. In North Carolina alone, 108 people died because of domestic violence in 2013. 
city manager of Charlotte, who resides in my district, spoke at the new Members meeting about the severity of domestic violence. Mr. Kimble and his wife, Jan, lost their daughter Jamie, an only child, to domestic violence in 2012. 
University of North Carolina and rising star at CocaCola Consolidated, worked up the courage to leave her boyfriend, 
who was controlling and emotionally abusive. Just 3 months after leaving him, he took her life and then he took his own in a murdersuicide. 
story, her parents—Mr. and Mrs. Kimble—wanted me to share it with you today to shed light on the tragedy that often emerges from domestic violence. 
Safe Relationships Act because I believe including safe relationship behavior curriculum in sex education will help combat domestic violence. This Domestic Violence Awareness Month, I urge this Congress to pass the Teach Safe Relationships Act and support other critical domestic violence legislation. 
rise to recognize October as Breast Cancer Awareness Month and all the men and women working to raise awareness in north Florida. 
be diagnosed with invasive breast cancer over the course of her lifetime. Approximately 43,000 will be diagnosed in Florida in this year alone. But in north Florida, we are fighting back. 
Local charities, media outlets, survivors, and strong women currently fighting the disease are standing up to be heard and reminding everyone to ‘‘Think Pink.’’ 
against breast cancer. Together we are going to beat it and save lives. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
evening, I voted against reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank, a Federal entity that financially backs purchases of American goods and services by providing taxpayerbacked loans and loan guarantees to foreign companies and governments. 
American industry break into foreign markets, too often it underwrites purchases by companies that directly compete with domestic companies, placing them at a significant disadvantage. For example, when foreign airlines purchase aircraft at lower costs with Ex Im Bank backing, they are able to charge lower fares and outcompete our domestic airlines. 
The Federal Government should ensure that competition occurs on a level 
used a discharge petition to bring this bill to the floor, a parliamentary tactic which limits the use of amendments and creates an end run around the normal committee process that should apply to every measure considered by Congress. 
It is the American public that shoulders the risk of these loans, and, at the very minimum, they deserve an honest debate on this floor on the best way to move forward in promoting our exports abroad. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
in support of the bipartisan budget agreement that will come before us here in the House soon. It restores critical funding for our Nation’s defense and domestic priorities in a balanced fashion, sparing us from the mindless meatax cuts of sequestration. 
proposals, spending on domestic programs would have fallen to its lowest level in 50 years. It is the threat of uncertainty, of those indiscriminate cuts, that has held back our economy. 
from the brink of defaulting on our Nation’s credit. Although I am astounded at how some of our colleagues continue to advocate for such a catastrophe, it would send a shock wave through the global economy. We avert that in this agreement. 
art of compromise. Today’s agreement, not perfect, represents that principle. I hope your successor and, frankly, more of the Members on your side of the aisle, will embrace that spirit moving forward in this Congress so, once again, we can start delivering for the American people. 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1314, ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 495 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the Majority Leader or his designee that the House 
concur in the Senate amendment with the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution modified by the amendment printed in part B of that report. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader or their respective designees. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), my 
good friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of H.R. 1314, the Bipartisan Budget Agreement of 2015. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the majority leader that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, with an amendment consisting of the text of the Bipartisan Budget Agreement of 2015. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and the minority leader. 
phrase I often share with my fellow Members: In a negotiation, you are always going to get less than you want and give up more than you would like. I think that is a fitting way to describe the bill we find ourselves presented with today. In an era of divided government, that is the reality we find ourselves in. 
the President demanded a clean debt ceiling increase with no changes and no conditions. In addition, he wanted more spending and higher taxes. Given that, I think the deal that we have before us is a testament to our leadership’s ability to negotiate. 
As I said yesterday, Mr. Speaker, nobody is going to be popping champagne corks at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue over this bill. It is what most things are in divided government, in a system of checks and balances, and in an era of polarized politics. It is a deal that leaves both sides unsatisfied, but it is a deal that avoids default, prevents a government shutdown, and adequately funds our military. Moreover, it reforms and funds the Social Security Disability Insurance Fund, saving 
it from bankruptcy, and prevents a crippling increase in the premiums paid by many people who receive Medicare part B. 
that Members on both sides can point to as reasons to oppose this legislation. I, myself, would have negotiated a different deal. But in determining one’s support for this legislation, I encourage Members to look at what the alternative would be, and that is this: the first default on our Nation’s debt in the history of this country, significant cuts to our military in a time when we need our military the most, and an almost 50 percent increase in Medicare premiums for many of our seniors. That is the reality of what happens if we do nothing. 
number of provisions in this legislation. First, just like the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, this legislation sets forth 2 years of budget certainty for the Appropriations Committee. That certainty puts us on a path to ensure consideration of fullyear spending bills for the next 2 years, just as we were able to accomplish this past fiscal year. 
provides the needed investment for our military. With the ongoing conflicts across the Middle East, Russian activity in Eastern Europe, and Chinese claims in the South China Sea, it is clearer now than ever that America needs a robust military. 
these discretionary spending increases are fully paid for by offsets in mandatory programs. 
In addition to these critical investments, the legislation before us makes a number of commonsense, structural reforms to SSDI, like requiring a medical review before awarding benefits, and expanding Cooperative Disability Investigations units to investigate sophisticated fraud schemes before benefits are awarded. These reforms both ensure that the disability trust fund will be able to pay full benefits and ensure that those who truly are disabled have access to this important program. 
Beyond that, Mr. Speaker, this legislation realizes over $30 billion in Medicare savings within the budget window and countless billions in years to come. 
about the real drivers of our debt: the twothirds of our government spending that is on autopilot. If we are unable to deal with these mandatory programs, they will end up bankrupting us. 
suspends the debt ceiling through March 15, 2017. Since its inception in 1917, 20 debt limit laws also included a change in fiscal policy. I am pleased that this debt limit increase is yet again accompanied by mandatory reforms. 
preferred stronger reforms, but, in this era of divided government with a 
Congress, no one will be able to get everything they want. 
limit increase. Congress wanted significant entitlement reforms. What we are left with is a compromise which lowers the trajectory of our debt, but also assures the world that the United States will pay its bills. 
While not a perfect piece of legislation, I believe this moves us in the right direction and funds critical priorities for our Nation. I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
here to do my part of the rule. I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma, my friend, for yielding me the time, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of the Bipartisan Budget Agreement before us. Instead of the brinksmanship and shortterm stopgaps that we have seen, we have, I am glad to say, a 2 year budget agreement that eases the burden of the damaging sequester cuts, protects seniors, affirms the full faith and credit of the United States, and provides muchneeded economic stability and security to our Nation. 
90 percent of the sequester’s cuts for the next 2 years. While we should eliminate the sequester in its entirety, this is a welcome respite from the sequester’s grip, ensuring a renewed investment in research, infrastructure, and early childhood education. 
way to pay the debts that Congress has already incurred and will eliminate the threat of a debt limit standoff for the next 2 years. 
time politics were played over the debt limit, our credit rating was downgraded for the first time in our history and our economy suffered. 
Because of this agreement, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that the certainty that this budget agreement creates will encourage the growth of 340,000 new jobs in 2016 alone. 
Board wrote this morning that the budget agreement will provide ‘‘a welcome measure of stability at a time of increasing anxiety about the global economy.’’ 
the text of the editorial from the Los Angeles Times entitled ‘‘JOHN BOEHNER’s Last Deal Leaves Congress Better 
hectored him out of office, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R–Ohio) negotiated a budget agreement with Senate leaders and the Obama administration that increases federal spending and raises the debt ceiling in exchange for—well, not much that Republicans covet. There are no big changes in entitlements, no defunding of Planned Parenthood. Yet this backroom deal delivers the goods that matter most: It will avert the risk of a shutdown until after the next president takes office, providing a welcome measure of stability at a time of increasing anxiety about the global economy. 
barn’’ for his replacement—most likely Rep. Paul D. Ryan (R–Wis.)—which meant disposing of four divisive issues with rapidly approaching deadlines. The federal government is days away from hitting its borrowing limit. Federal agencies are slated to run out of funding in early December. The Social Security trust fund for disability benefits is expected to be empty by late 2016. And millions of elderly and disabled Americans face a whopping 52% increase in their Medicare Part B premiums at year’s end. 
The compromise negotiated by congressional leaders and the White House would resolve all of these issues in the timehonored way: giving everyone much of what they want, then paying for it with budget gimmicks. The debt ceiling would be suspended until March 2017, the budget caps lifted for two fiscal years, disability benefits assured through 2022 and Medicare premium increases made less dramatic. Without these steps, Congress risks defaulting on debts, forcing a government shutdown and delivering a painful financial blow to vulnerable Americans. None of those outcomes should even be contemplatable, and yet Congress’ record of dysfunction over the last four years makes them all real possibilities absent a deal like the one Boehner negotiated. 
to make real choices about spending instead of relying on accounting legerdemain to make the numbers look good. The proposed fix for disability insurance, for example, would take the money out of a fund for future retirement benefits; that’s a reprieve, not a solution. But when Congress ignores a problem until the last minute, it takes real solutions off the table, leaving lawmakers to choose between pragmatism and the sort of posturing that dissident House Republicans have made their stock in trade. Credit Boehner with opting for one last deal rather than showing the country again that the House GOP’s reach exceeds its grasp. 
agreement avoids the harmful cuts to Medicare and Social Security beneficiaries by reforming tax compliance among hedge funds and private equity funds, ensuring that people in the top bracket pay their fair share. 
The agreement also limits any increase in the Medicare part B premiums for 2016, protecting millions of seniors from a roughly 50 percent rate hike. It does this by spreading out the cost of replenishing the Medicare trust fund over a number of years, and it prevents this kind of rate hike from happening again in 2017. 
agreement focus on welldocumented areas of overpayment and improved program integrity, clearing out waste in the system. 
the deep cuts to Social Security Disability Insurance benefits that would occur at the end of next year, ensuring it continues to pay benefits without reducing benefit levels or imposing new eligibility restrictions. Social Security Disability will survive, but with reforms to ensure accountability and fiscal prudence that are long overdue. 
agreement represents significant progress for hardworking American families, and for the next 2 years, we have come out of the sequester’s shadow. Together, we have found a way forward to confront the challenges we face as a nation. 
budget bill we have seen in quite awhile. It serves as a roadmap that will lead us through the appropriations process; but until we finish that process, we are still on the path toward a government shutdown. 
the ExportImport Bank yesterday and now the introduction of this budget 
agreement, I am hopeful that this House can make progress on issues that are important to America and to our economy. We have sort of grown accustomed to governing by crisis with stopgap measures that do harm to the Nation. 
Speakership, he promised an open process for all Members; but what we have seen is that one party has been consistently shut out and only allowed to participate in fits and starts, which silences half the voices of our Nation. We have seen politicized select committees and political maneuvers, and we hope that the cries to the Speakerinwaiting for open legislative process will include both parties and include all voices. 
This agreement, with a 2year outlook, with input from leadership from both Chambers of Congress and the White House, has, perhaps, marked a turning point. Only time will tell. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
points. First, I want to thank my good friend for her work on this and her cooperation. I agree with many of the points she made, certainly about the fact that I hope this heralds a new beginning. 
agreement 2 years ago, and that worked pretty well for a couple of years. I am pleased to see that this followon agreement is here before us today. I think it will give us 2 years of stability. 
mild exception with some of her remarks about being shut out of the process. Those of us who were here in the minority on the Republican side of the aisle certainly remember not being allowed to offer amendments to the Affordable Care Act, seeing the stimulus act come to the floor with no committee, and, frankly, having the long time practice of appropriations bills coming under open rules totally suspended. 
today, I will leave it at that. Let’s look 
right when she suggests this bill not only solves some important issues that are in front of us in a bipartisan way, a giveandtake way, but creates an opening and an opportunity going forward. 
passed—and I am sure we will—and we get the underlying legislation passed— I am sure we will be able to do that as well—that next year offers us an opportunity to do what we have not done around here, really, since 2006, and that is see every single appropriations bill come to the floor under an open rule so that Members on both sides can participate in the most important process of governing ourselves, and that is the appropriation of the taxpayers’ dollars for the functioning of government. 
that, I think a lot of people on both sides of the aisle who are concerned about regular order and who, frankly, have never seen it work will have an opportunity to watch it work. 
I would suggest the fact that we already have an agreement as to what the topline number will be on what we spend in the normal appropriations process might make it easier for a lot of the votes to be more bipartisan. 
possible in my committee, the Appropriations Committee, and I think that is something that Members are genuinely looking for: an opportunity to debate priorities and discuss, but also to come together when there is common ground. 
Again, I want to look at this bill. I 
know there will be some controversy about it today and there will be some people who would have liked to have done some things differently. Frankly, I suspect every Member would like to do things differently. 
But the reality is we are in a period 
of divided government. We do operate in a system of checks and balances. It has been an exceptionally polarizing political environment. The fact that, with all of those challenges, the Speaker, the majority leader, the President, and the respective minority leaders of both Chambers could come together and find enough common ground to accomplish the things that this accomplishes is something that we ought to laud, not to disparage. 
friend. I look forward to this becoming the foundation for a much more productive 2016, where we can do something we have not done for a long time, and that is operate under regular order throughout the entire appropriations process. That is going to be my New Year’s resolution after we get an omnibus done. 
getting that done by early December and we can have stability next year and an opportunity to legislate the way I think most Members, regardless of party or philosophical point of view, want to legislate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C AROLYNB. M ALONEY ). 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and the ranking member on the Rules Committee for yielding to me and for her extraordinary leadership for the State of New York and for so many issues before this body. 
strong support for this 2year budget bill and the exemplary bipartisan cooperation that made it possible. Although this bill is by no means perfect, it is a good bill. It is good for the economy and good for the country. 
the full faith and credit of global financial markets. It protects millions of Americans from an enormous Medicare premium increase. It frees us from the uncertainty that roils markets and worries businesses, both big and small. 
would like to raise some concerns about its impact on hospitals in the district that I represent. 
hospitalaffiliated facilities can be considered outpatient departments and reimbursed at hospital rates. 
Under the bill going forward, acquired facilities that are a certain distance from the main campus of hospitals will be reimbursed, but at a lower rate. They will be reimbursed for services as a regular doctor’s visit. Existing sites will be grandfathered, but those that are under construction will be exempted and charged the lower rate. 
the district that I represent, where increasing demand collides with the lack of physical space to cause scattered hospitalaffiliated facilities. I hope to work with my colleagues to improve the changes made to these outpatient services Medicare payments. 
such goodwill on this budget. I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to say I think my good friend 
from New York makes an excellent point. There are going to be some issues like this that I think we need to look at very carefully in the coming weeks and perhaps find some common ground on. In an agreement of this magnitude, occasionally we are going to have some problems. 
some of the offsets, agricultural crop insurance being one of them. I suspect, in the coming weeks, perhaps we can find some common ground on these issues. I certainly hope so. 
spending bill done, which this is the foundation or the predecessor for, then we will have a vehicle where perhaps we can address some of the concerns 
that my friend raises and as I know others have in different areas with respect to this agreement. 
bringing the issues forward. I think they are important to air and make note of. I just pledge that I will do what I can to see if we can find some common ground here and iron out some 
York. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would like to underscore my appreciation to you and the ranking member for your willingness to work on correcting this. 
save taxpayer dollars and be more efficient. The willingness to work together for better government for our country is, I think, a good step forward. 
of the aisle for approaching this in a bipartisan, cooperative spirit, as you are showing on the floor today. It is better for our country and certainly better for the budget in all respects. 
Thank you very, very much. I am extremely appreciative. 
Speaker, I want to thank my friend again. I again express my appreciation for the point that she raises and the willingness to work together. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. My scheduled speakers have not arrived, and I am prepared to close. 
a 2year budget agreement that protects seniors, invests in job training, and eases the burden of the sequester. 
through with the appropriations process, we are still on a path toward shutdown, which is not what the American people want from Congress and what the economy can’t stand. 
this bipartisan agreement, for the rule, and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
a number of points that I opened my remarks with. 
bill. I doubt that anybody on this floor does. However, it is the only deal that can be considered in the timeframe we have before the debt limit is breached. 
Secondly, the deal ensures an appropriate level of discretionary government spending for the next 2 years, a level that robustly funds our military and ensures America’s security. 
includes mandatory offsets that will build over time, further decreasing the trajectory of our expanding debt, shifting the burden to where the true drivers of the debt are and where the supercommittee was intended to actually 
Speaker, I also want to add a personal tribute, if I may, to our Speaker. This is probably the last significant piece of legislation that this body will pass under Speaker BOEHNER ’s leadership. 
are critical of particular aspects of this deal or about the process. Indeed, our Speaker himself has used rather colorful language in expressing his opinion of the process by which we arrived at this agreement. 
that, in the finest traditions of this House and the institutions that we all cherish, the Speaker, the President, the majority leader, the minority leader in the House, the minority leader in the Senate, came together, put aside differences, and found common ground. 
difficult issues for us. They dealt with an impending default to make sure that didn’t happen. They dealt with a potential government shutdown or at least bought us the time to deal with it between now and December 11. 
discretionary spending that they both agreed to was offset by a variety of means. They included a really important reform in the Social Security disability system that, again, will keep it from going bankrupt and help millions of Americans who need help. 
millions of Americans who are facing literally 50 percent rate increases under Medicare part B will not have those increases. That is no small achievement. 
this institution, from a freshman to the highest pinnacle that we have, the Speakership, has operated with integrity and has operated from principle, but has never been afraid to try and find common ground for people with different points of view. I, for one, appreciate the manner in which he has led our House, the manner in which at the very last minute he continues to work for the good of the American people and to reach across the aisle to find common ground with those with opposing views and opposing partisan affiliations. 
has dealt with our own Conference, which is the largest since 1928, and, consequently, probably the most fractious. He has worked with Members of differing opinion and found common ground and brought us together. 
want to say how much I have enjoyed, throughout my entire career, having had the opportunity to serve with Speaker BOEHNER , first as a freshman 
member on his committee when he chaired Education and the Workforce, then at the leadership table when he became the leader of our party, and, finally, just as another Member who admires and appreciates his many, many 
accomplishments, his character, and the manner in which he has led. 
again thank the Speaker of the entire House, Mr. BOEHNER , for his distinguished service to this institution and to this country and for being a valued friend and a person that I genuinely admire and I think people on both sides of the aisle genuinely admire. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 
of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at 2 o’clock 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 392, noes 37, not voting 5, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings 
Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Doggett Fleming Fudge Gohmert Gosar Griffith 
Harris Hastings Hice, Jody B. Huelskamp Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Lee Massie McDermott Mooney (WV) Mulvaney 
Perry Peters Ribble Salmon Sanford Stutzman Titus Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Yoho 
ON RULES REGARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR THE DRIVE ACT 
Tuesday evening, the Rules Committee circulated a Dear Colleague outlining the amendment process for the Senate amendments to H.R. 22, the DRIVE 
Act. This will be the vehicle for consideration of H.R. 3763, the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act. An amendment deadline has been set for Friday, October 30, at 2 p.m. 
This is an unusual amendment process; so, I ask all Members to please read the Dear Colleague, which can be found on the Rules Committee Web site, very carefully and refer any questions to the Rules Committee staff or myself, as the chairman. 
I would also like to point out that, in 
consultation with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, several changes were made to the bill, as ordered reported. A summary of those changes can also be found on the Rules Committee Web site. Please feel free to contact me or any of our staff members if we can be of assistance. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Sherman Williams, one of his secretaries. 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 495 and as the designee of the majority leader, I call up the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. ROS 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
taxpayers electing to exclude foreign earned income from tax. 
of the United States for agreements subject to the provisions of section 103 are— 
barriers and distortions that are directly related to trade and investment and that decrease market opportunities for United States exports or otherwise distort United States trade; 
standards, enhance the competitiveness of the United States, promote full employment in the United States, and enhance the global economy; 
policies are mutually supportive and to seek to protect and preserve the environment and enhance the international means of doing so, while optimizing the use of the world’s resources; 
under which parties to those agreements ensure that they do not weaken or reduce the protections afforded in domestic environmental and labor laws as an encouragement for trade; 
small businesses equal access to international markets, equitable trade benefits, and expanded export market opportunities, and provide for the reduction or elimination of trade and investment barriers that disproportionately impact small businesses; 
compliance with ILO Convention No. 182 Concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labor; 
and facilitate the increasingly interrelated, multisectoral nature of trade and investment activity; 
the Internet as a trading platform in international commerce; 
United States domestic objectives, including, but not limited to, the protection of legitimate health or safety, essential security, and consumer interests and the law and regulations related thereto; and 
religious freedom of any party to negotiations for a trade agreement with the United States. 
access through robust rules on sanitary and phytosanitary measures that— 
standards and require a sciencebased justification be provided for a sanitary or phytosanitary measure if the measure is more restrictive than 
use of systemsbased approaches, and appropriately recognize the equivalence of health and safety protection systems of exporting countries; 
developed and implemented, are based on risk assessments that take into account relevant international guidelines and scientific data, and are not more restrictive on trade than necessary to meet the intended purpose; and 
tariffs or other charges that decrease market opportunities for United States exports— 
subject to significantly higher tariffs or subsidy regimes of major producing countries; and 
for United States import sensitive products, in close consultation with Congress on such products before initiating tariff reduction negotiations; 
as or lower than those in the United States; 
support family farms and rural communities but do not distort trade; 
programs, so that production that is in excess of domestic food security needs is sold at world prices; 
rules to eliminate practices that unfairly decrease United States market access opportunities or distort agricultural markets to the detriment of the United States, and ensuring that such rules are subject to efficient, timely, and effective dispute settlement, including— 
trading enterprises and other administrative mechanisms, with emphasis on requiring price transparency in the operation of state trading enterprises and such other mechanisms in order to end cross subsidization, price discrimination, and price undercutting; 
requirements, such as labeling, that affect new technologies, including biotechnology; 
(iii) unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary restrictions, including restrictions not based on scientific principles in contravention of obligations in the Uruguay Round Agreements or bilateral or regional trade agreements; 
trade in perishable or cyclical products, while improving import relief mechanisms to recognize the unique characteristics of perishable and cyclical agriculture; 
perishable and cyclical agriculture are as accessible and timely to growers in the United States as those mechanisms that are used by other countries; 
the negotiations has failed to adhere to the provisions of already existing trade agreements with the United States or has circumvented obligations under those agreements; 
subject to market distortions by reason of a failure of a major producing country to adhere to the provisions of already existing trade agreements with the United States or by the circumvention by that country of its obligations under those agreements; 
for calculating the Aggregated Measurement of Support (as defined in the Agreement on Agriculture) as the end of each country’s Uruguay Round implementation period, as reported in each country’s Uruguay Round market access schedule; 
United States law on the whole provides a high level of protection for investment, consistent with or greater than the level required by international law, the principal negotiating objectives of the United States regarding foreign investment are to reduce or eliminate artificial or trade distorting barriers to foreign investment, while ensuring that foreign investors in the United States are not accorded greater substantive rights with respect to investment protections than United States investors in the United States, and to secure for investors important rights comparable to those that would be available under United States legal principles and practice, by— 
equitable treatment, consistent with United States legal principles and practice, including the principle of due process; 
public input into the formulation of government positions; and 
mechanism to provide coherence to the interpretations of investment provisions in trade agreements; and 
(II) all hearings are open to the public; and (iii) establishing a mechanism for acceptance 
of amicus curiae submissions from businesses, unions, and nongovernmental organizations. 
negotiating objectives of the United States regarding traderelated intellectual property are— 
agreement governing intellectual property rights that is entered into by the United States reflect a standard of protection similar to that found in United States law; 
emerging technologies and new methods of transmitting and distributing products embodying intellectual property, including in a manner that facilitates legitimate digital trade; 
with respect to matters affecting the availability, acquisition, scope, maintenance, use, and enforcement of intellectual property rights; 
enforcement keep pace with technological developments, and in particular ensuring that rightholders have the legal and technological means to control the use of their works through the Internet and other global communication media, and to prevent the unauthorized use of their works; 
(vi) preventing or eliminating government involvement in the violation of intellectual property rights, including cyber theft and piracy; 
Agreement and Public Health, adopted by the World Trade Organization at the Fourth Ministerial Conference at Doha, Qatar on November 14, 2001, and to ensure that trade agreements foster innovation and promote access to medicines. 
CROSS BORDER DATA FLOWS .—The principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to digital trade in goods and services, as well as crossborder data flows, are— 
disciplines, and commitments under the World Trade Organization and bilateral and regional trade agreements apply to digital trade in goods and services and to crossborder data flows; 
receive no less favorable treatment under trade rules and commitments than like products delivered in physical form; and 
(ii) the classification of such goods and services ensures the most liberal trade treatment possible, fully encompassing both existing and new trade; 
implementing traderelated measures that impede digital trade in goods and services, restrict crossborder data flows, or require local storage or processing of data; 
negotiating objectives of the United States regarding the use of government regulation or other practices to reduce market access for United States goods, services, and investments are— 
based on sound science, cost benefit analysis, risk assessment, or other objective evidence; 
seek other commitments, as appropriate, to improve regulatory practices and promote increased regulatory coherence, including through— 
rules, regulations, and laws for government procurement and other regulatory regimes; 
and convergence of standards development processes, and enhance cooperation on standards issues globally; 
through harmonization, equivalence, or mutual recognition of different regulations and standards and to encourage the use of international and interoperable standards, as appropriate; 
measures such as price controls and reference pricing which deny full market access for United States products; 
(ii) protect such information against disclosure, except in exceptional circumstances to protect the public, or where such information is effectively protected against unfair competition. 
of the United States regarding competition by stateowned and statecontrolled enterprises is to seek commitments that— 
unfair competition favoring stateowned and statecontrolled enterprises to the extent of their engagement in commercial activity, and 
or prevent discrimination and marketdistorting subsidies and that promote transparency. 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to localization barriers is to eliminate and prevent measures that require United States producers and service providers to locate facilities, intellectual property, or other assets in a country as a market access or investment condition, including indigenous innovation measures. 
(iii) does not fail to effectively enforce its environmental or labor laws, through a sustained or recurring course of action or inaction, 
in a manner affecting trade or investment between the United States and that party after entry into force of a trade agreement between those countries; 
trade agreement retain the right to exercise prosecutorial discretion and to make decisions regarding the allocation of enforcement resources with respect to other environmental laws determined to have higher priorities, and a party is effectively enforcing its laws if a course of action or inaction reflects a reasonable, bona fide exercise of such discretion, or results from a reasonable, bona fide decision regarding the allocation of resources; and 
the distribution of enforcement resources are not a reason for not complying with a party’s labor obligations; a party to a trade agreement retains the right to reasonable exercise of discretion and to make bona fide decisions regarding the allocation of resources between labor enforcement activities among core labor standards, provided the exercise of such discretion and such decisions are not inconsistent with its obligations; 
States trading partners to protect the environment through the promotion of sustainable development; 
health, or safety policies and practices of the parties to trade agreements with the United States do not arbitrarily or unjustifiably discriminate against United States exports or serve as disguised barriers to trade; 
construed to empower a party’s authorities to undertake labor or environmental law enforcement activities in the territory of the United States. 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency practices is to seek to establish accountability through enforceable rules, transparency, reporting, monitoring, cooperative mechanisms, or other means 
to address exchange rate manipulation involving protracted large scale intervention in one direction in the exchange markets and a persistently undervalued foreign exchange rate to gain an unfair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to a trade agreement, consistent with existing obligations of the United States as a member of the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization. 
AND MULTILATERAL TRADE AGREE MENTS .—Recognizing that the World Trade Organization is the foundation of the global trading system, the principal negotiating objectives of the United States regarding the World Trade Organization, the Uruguay Round Agreements, and other multilateral and plurilateral trade agreements are— 
the coverage of the World Trade Organization and multilateral and plurilateral agreements to products, sectors, and conditions of trade not adequately covered; 
enhancement of the Information Technology Agreement, the Government Procurement Agreement, and other plurilateral trade agreements of the World Trade Organization; 
to which the United States is not a party fully achieve the high standards of, and comply with, WTO disciplines, including Article XXIV of GATT 1994, Article V and V bis of the General Agreement on Trade in Services, and the Enabling Clause, including through meaningful WTO review of such regional trade agreements; 
with their obligations as WTO members through active participation in the bodies of the World Trade Organization by the United States and all other WTO members, including in the trade policy review mechanism and the committee system of the World Trade Organization, and by working to increase the effectiveness of such bodies; and 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to transparency is to obtain wider and broader application of the principle of transparency in the World Trade Organization, entities established under bilateral and regional trade agreements, and other international trade fora through seeking— 
playing field for United States persons in international trade and investment; and 
the United States with respect to dispute settlement and enforcement of trade agreements are— 
Trade Policy Review Mechanism of the World Trade Organization to review compliance with commitments; 
under the Dispute Settlement Understanding and by the Appellate Body to— 
the Uruguay Round Agreement involved in the dispute, including greater deference, where appropriate, to the fact finding and technical expertise of national investigating authorities; 
upon a party to a dispute under the agreement that— 
(ii) is appropriate to the parties, nature, subject matter, and scope of the violation; and 
parties or interests not party to the dispute while maintaining the effectiveness of the enforcement mechanism; and 
(ii) the availability of equivalent dispute settlement procedures; and 
to enforce rigorously its trade laws, including the antidumping, countervailing duty, and safeguard laws, and avoid agreements that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international disciplines on unfair trade, especially dumping and subsidies, or that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international safeguard provisions, in order to ensure that United States workers, agricultural producers, and firms can compete fully on fair terms and enjoy the benefits of reciprocal trade concessions; and 
that lead to dumping and subsidization, including overcapacity, cartelization, and market access barriers. 
of the World Trade Organization with respect to the treatment of border adjustments for internal taxes to redress the disadvantage to countries relying primarily on direct taxes for revenue rather than indirect taxes. 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in textiles and apparel articles are to obtain competitive opportunities for United States exports of textiles and apparel in foreign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in textiles and apparel. 
partners that directly or indirectly prejudice or otherwise discourage commercial activity solely between the United States and Israel. 
to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel and to seek the elimination of politically motivated nontariff barriers on Israeli goods, services, or other commerce imposed on the State of Israel. 
unsanctioned foreign boycotts against Israel or compliance with the Arab League Boycott of Israel by prospective trading partners. 
‘‘actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel’’ means actions by states, nonmember states of the United Nations, international organizations, or affiliated agencies of international organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in Israelicontrolled territories. 
principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to ensuring implementation of trade commitments and obligations by strengthening good governance, transparency, the effective operation of legal regimes and the rule of law of trading partners of the United States is through capacity building and other appropriate means, which are important parts of the broader effort to create more open democratic societies and to promote respect for internationally recognized human rights. 
States competitiveness in the global economy, the President shall— 
United States trading partners to carry out obligations under trade agreements by consulting with any country seeking a trade agreement with the United States concerning that country’s laws relating to customs and trade facilitation, sanitary and phytosanitary measures, technical barriers to trade, intellectual property rights, labor, and the environment; and 
among parties to trade agreements to strengthen the capacity of United States trading partners to develop and implement standards for the protection of the environment and human health based on sound science; 
Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate an annual report on capacitybuilding activities undertaken in connection with trade agreements negotiated or being negotiated pursuant to this title. 
as the President determines to be required or appropriate to carry out any such trade agreement. 
Congress of the President’s intention to enter into an agreement under this subsection. 
rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of the enactment of this Act) to a rate of duty which is less than 50 percent of the rate of such duty that applies on such date of enactment; 
that applied on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
may round an annual reduction by an amount equal to the lesser of— 
(ii) the imposition of any such barrier or distortion is likely to result in such a burden, restriction, or effect, 
(ii) the prohibition of, or limitation on the imposition of, such barrier or other distortion. 
entered into under this subsection and approving the statement of administrative action, if any, proposed to implement such trade agreement; and 
(ii) if changes in existing laws or new statutory authority are required to implement such trade agreement or agreements, only such provisions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement such trade agreement or agreements, either repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title, and a statement that such progress justifies the continuation of negotiations; and 
been made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(ii) a statement of its views, and the reasons 
with the blank space being filled with the name of the resolving House of Congress. 
(ii) shall be referred, in the House of Representatives, to the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules. 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consideration of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to extension disapproval resolutions. 
any extension disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules; 
(ii) the Senate to consider any extension disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Finance; or 
order to contribute to the continued economic expansion of the United States, the President shall commence negotiations covering tariff and nontariff barriers affecting any industry, product, or service sector, and expand existing sectoral agreements to countries that are not parties to those agreements, in cases where the President determines that such negotiations are feasible and timely and would benefit the United States. Such sectors include agriculture, commercial services, intellectual property rights, industrial and capital goods, government procurement, information technology products, environmental technology and services, medical equipment and services, civil aircraft, and infrastructure products. In so doing, the President shall take into account all of the negotiating objectives set forth in section 102. 
the course of negotiations conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall— 
Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any requirement of, amendment to, or recommendation under, that agreement; 
provide access to pertinent documents relating to the negotiations, including classified materials; 
and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; 
with jurisdiction over laws that could be affected by a trade agreement resulting from the negotiations; and 
agreement relating to agricultural trade, also consult closely and on a timely basis (including immediately before initialing an agreement) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. 
Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(ii) the sharing of detailed and timely information with Members of Congress, and their staff with proper security clearances as appropriate, regarding those negotiations and pertinent documents related to those negotiations (including classified information), and with committee staff with proper security clearances as would be appropriate in the light of the responsibilities of that committee over the trade agreements programs affected by those negotiations. 
Congress, any Member of the House of Representatives may be designated as a congressional adviser on trade policy and negotiations by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, after consulting with the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be selected. 
of the Senate may be designated as a congressional adviser on trade policy and negotiations by Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2643) to direct the Attorney General to provide State officials with access to criminal history information with respect to certain financial service providers required to undergo State criminal background checks, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015’’. 
originators’’ the following: ‘‘and other financial service providers’’; and 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
good friend and fellow Texan, Mr. WILLIAMS , is commonsense bipartisan legislation that will address the unintended consequences of the SAFE Act. 
This bill passed the Committee on Financial Services by a vote of 57–0. Before I get into the details of this bill, I would like to thank the Texas Banking Commissioner, Charles Cooper, for his help and guidance as the committee considered this legislation. 
safe consumer financial marketplace by facilitating the licensing of certain financial services providers. 
the National Mortgage Licensing System and Registry, the NMLS, to provide a mechanism for licensing nationwide of financial services providers. 
interstate coordination information sharing among regulators, increasing efficiencies for industry and enhanced consumer protection. 
is frustrated by the FBI’s current statutory incapacity to enhance the platform by allowing additional financial service providers, other than mortgage loan originators, to be licensed under this system. 
State regulating agencies should have access to the most uptodate criminal background information from the Federal Bureau of Investigation. For certain classes of financial providers, that is not occurring. 
bringing the same efficiency to the criminal background checks of financial services personnel that the NMLS brought to the mortgage loan originators. 
By enabling the State license agencies to obtain these background checks, this bill will make the licensing process more efficient and potentially help qualified businesses get up and running more quickly. 
By enhancing the authority to process criminal history records for licensing of financial service providers beyond mortgage loan originators, this bill ensures that State financial regulators have the necessary tools to exercise effective oversight. 
this bill only affects financial services businesses which are already required to conduct background checks and which cannot currently use the NMLS system by Federal law. 
the time it takes to complete background checks from anywhere between 2 days and 2 weeks to 24 hours under the expanded NMLS. 
professionals registered in the system. Nationwide there was a need to conduct over 105,000 background checks outside of the system. 
It is estimated that this bill will reduce the number of background checks conducted outside the NMLS system by 80 percent and reduce the administrative and regulatory burden of State banking examiners to conduct them. 
points. First, no authority to conduct background checks is created by this legislation. Second, no new licensing requirements are created by this legislation. 
concerning H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015’’ which was referred to your Committee as well as the Committee on the Judiciary. 
us on provisions in H.R. 2643 that fall within 
the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 2643 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
your October 27th letter regarding H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015.’’ 
forgo action on H.R. 2643 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving action on the bill, the Committee on the Judiciary is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
letter and this letter in our committee’s report on H.R. 2643 and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the same. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 2643, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation. 
This legislation is extremely important. I am proud that this bill is a product of a bipartisan effort, a bipartisan effort that, in the last Congress, I was privileged to work with the Committee on Financial Services chair emeritus, Chairman Bachus, on this legislation. 
the last Congress. So I am very pleased that Mr. WILLIAMS has taken up this 
world to streamline criminal background checks. I want to thank Mr. WILLIAMS and thank my colleague, Mr. 
I urge adoption of this bill. I have no 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), the primary author of this bill. 
the gentleman for yielding. I would also like to thank my colleague, Ms. MOORE , for her hard work on this. I appreciate it. 
H.R. 2643, the State Licensing Efficiency Act, will expand the State’s ability to use a federally accepted registry, the Nationwide Multistate Licensing System, to expedite background checks. 
service providers, the current background check process is inefficient, but this registry has a proven track record of being effective while also reducing regulatory burden. 
NMLS, developed by State banking commissioners, has been used to oversee the mortgage industry since 2008. To date, the Conference of State Bank Supervisors has channeled over 1.3 million fingerprint checks of mortgage loan originators. 
FBI has prevented its use to conduct background checks for other financial services, including money transmitters, debt collectors, pawnbrokers, and check cashers. 
criminal background check through traditional means may wait several weeks and sometimes even months for their response, NMLS communicates directly with the FBI and often receives the same results, as we have heard, in just 24 hours. 
system to include those financial service providers who are already licensed by the State and require a Federal background check. 
The NMLS provides increased collaboration between State banking departments, reduces the risk of bad actors by preventing them from continuing to operate, and improves the safety and soundness of the financial system as a whole. In short, NMLS provides an added level of assurance to community banks that their business customers and vendors are operating legally. 
Bank Supervisors, expanding the use of NMLS provides State regulators a secure and efficient means by which to conduct background checks on license applicants. 
I want to be clear. As we have heard 
in the past, this bill does not create any requirements for background checks or fingerprints, but greatly increases efficiency and transparency. 
bill encourage States to require or mandate States to license or register any additional class of financial service providers. 
This act authorizes only Statelicensed loan originators and other Statelicensed financial service providers to be processed through NMLS for background checks authorized under the laws of the State. Simply put, by expanding its use, NMLS will save industry and, ultimately, the consumer money. 
20,386 professionals registered in the NMLS system. Those individuals, as we have heard, required over 105,000 background checks outside the NMLS system. If our bill becomes law, we would reduce that number by 80 percent because we would be using one system instead of 50, saving industry $1.1 million by removing duplicate background checks. 
the expansion of NMLS is supported by State Banking Commissioner Charles Cooper, who we talked about tonight. I want to take a moment to thank Commissioner Cooper for his leadership on this issue. 
staff and the staff of CSBS, who have worked tirelessly to support our efforts in pushing this legislation through. Without them and the support of my colleagues on the committee and Chairman HENSARLING , none of this 
would be possible. I thank Chairman NEUGEBAUER , and I thank Ms. M OORE . Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 623) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Social 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
shall be composed of a cross section of subject matter experts from Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and nongovernmental organization practitioners, including representatives from the following entities: 
designate, on a rotating basis, a representative from a State or local government who is a member of the Group to serve as the cochairperson of the Group. 
shall appoint, on a rotating basis, qualified individuals to the Group. The total number of such additional members shall— 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Group shall hold its initial meeting. 
Group meets, the Group shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
emerging social media technologies being used to support preparedness and response activities related to natural disasters and acts of terrorism and other manmade disasters. 
learned on the use of social media technologies during the response to natural disasters and acts of terrorism and other manmade disasters that occurred during the period covered by the report at issue. 
awareness of the type of information disseminated through social media technologies, and how to access such information, during a natural disaster or an act of terrorism or other manmade disaster. 
private sector to discuss and resolve legal, operational, technical, privacy, and security concerns. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) and the 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 623, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
and severe, it is critical that emergency managers and citizens take advantage of new technologies to send and receive critical information. 
tool in the preparedness, response, and recovery for all hazards, whether natural or manmade. We saw how critical social media was in relaying information following Hurricane Sandy, the Boston Marathon bombing, and, just a few weeks ago, during Hurricane Joaquin and the historic flooding in South Carolina. Social media helps reach people in need, helps get the right information into the hands of the public, helps organize volunteers, and can be a source of critical ontheground information to decisionmakers. 
would require DHS to establish a social media working group to enhance the use of social media to support preparedness, response, and recovery of all hazards. This group will be required to report to Congress on an annual basis on its findings, emerging trends, and best practices. 
I commend the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) for sponsoring this 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 623, the DHS Social Media Improvement Act of 2015, was introduced by my good friend and colleague from Indiana, Congresswoman SUSAN  
the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and to the Committee on Homeland Security. This bill codifies the Department of Homeland Security’s Social Media Working Group to enhance the use of social media during disasters and other events, and to provide guidance and best practices in emergency preparedness and response. Social media, especially Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, can play a critical role in preparedness, response, and recovery operations during emergencies. 
social media to warn those in harm’s way of impending natural hazards. Social media is also used to inform survivors on how to access disaster assistance and tips for speedier recoveries. Equally important, Mr. Speaker, social media has been used to coordinate and manage assistance from nonprofits and volunteers who want to help in recovery efforts. 
More and more, we are seeing individuals take to social media during emergencies. Individuals have used social media to help identify locations where assistance may still be needed and to raise awareness of impending hazards. They have also used it, Mr. Speaker, to communicate with loved ones who may be impacted by an event as well as reconnect pets with their owners. This has certainly been the case in the great Hoosier State. 
go down as the wettest summer in Indianapolis history. Rainfall in July broke a 140yearold record in our great city, making it the wettest month ever recorded, and social media helped keep residents informed in real time. In Indianapolis, the National Weather Service, Department of Homeland Security, and local broadcasters routinely used social media to post updates on ever changing weather conditions. 
media alerts is that you don’t have to be right next to a radio or TV to be informed; you can virtually be anywhere. This summer, when dangerous flooding covered many roads in our city, social media exploded with pictures of flooded roadways and stranded motorists. This nontraditional tool enabled people to know where major problems were located and to avoid danger with the famous catchphrase, ‘‘Turn Around Don’t Drown.’’ 
Working Group provides recommendations on how to use social media before, during, and after emergencies. This working group, Mr. Speaker, consists of emergency responders, NGOs, nonprofits, and Federal agencies. 
bill to broaden the group’s membership to include private sector representatives and to require consultation with nonmembers. 
To ensure accountability, this requires an annual report to Congress on important issues, such as best practices and lessons learned. It would also provide recommendations on how to improve the use of the social media 
the importance of this platform for emergency management. I would be remiss not to remind our colleagues of the need to authorize the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, also known as IPAWS. 
As the committee of primary jurisdiction over IPAWS, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee unanimously approved the Barletta Carson IPAWS authorization bill back in April and ordered the bill reported. It is past time for this bill to be considered in the House. 
omission of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I support this bill, Mr. Speaker, and I urge our colleagues to do the same to approve this measure. 
Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 623, the DHS Social Media Improvement Act of 2015. 
Pennsylvania for his management of the bill and, also, my good friend and colleague from the State of Indiana, Congressman CARSON . Both of us have 
served in public safety in the past, and so it is especially gratifying that he is managing the bill as well this evening. 
transforming the way the Nation is communicating before, during, and after terrorist attacks, natural disasters, and other emergencies. There are countless examples from recent events of how citizens are turning to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and even Snapchat for public safety information, to comfort survivors, tell loved ones they are safe, and request assistance. 
As has already been mentioned, citizens of South Carolina used social media to communicate with first responders, friends, and families after heavy rainfall caused destructive flash flooding across the State. 
Additionally, a quarter of Americans—let me repeat, a quarter of Americans—got information about the devastating terrorist attack at the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing from Facebook and Twitter. 
social media during and after an emergency. First responders are proactively using social media as a force multiplier to get vital information out. For example, immediately following the terrorist attack and during the manhunt, the Boston PD utilized social media as a way to communicate with and solicit information from citizens and visitors. 
of examples that demonstrate the prevalence of social media use before, during, and after an emergency. In the 113th Congress, I served as the 
chair of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. The subcommittee held two hearings that focused on this new phenomenon, and I learned at that time that while the Nation is making great strides in this area, gaps and challenges remain. 
was that during and after a terrorist attack, natural disaster, or other emergency, there is still a need for better communication between the public and the private sectors, specifically, with how to utilize social media as a communication tool. 
with the ranking member, Congressman PAYNE , to find ways to better utilize social media during disasters by leveraging both public and private resources and experiences. 
support last Congress and, after reintroduction this Congress, I am pleased to say, in February, the House again resoundingly agreed to its passage. 
H.R. 623, while authorizing and enhancing the Department of Homeland Security’s existing social media group, essentially what it does is it ensures that best practices and lessons learned on the use of social media during terrorist attacks or disasters are being discussed and shared with Federal, State, and local first responders, nongovernmental organizations, academia, and the private sector. 
Working Group is made up primarily of State and local officials, and they are doing great work and developing guidance. However, this bill will increase the group’s stakeholder participation, particularly among the private sector and the Federal response agencies. 
like Google and Twitter and Facebook, we know it will improve coordination and relief efforts. Also, as we have already heard, it will require the group to submit an annual report to Congress highlighting best practices, lessons learned, and any recommendations. Finally, this bill will require the group to meet, in person or virtually, at least twice a year, and will not be a financial burden on the Department. 
Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. I especially want to thank Chairman JOHNSON for 
his leadership on this issue. Their thoughtful additions have served to further improve the bill. 
I also want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Chairman B ARLETTA of the 
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for working with me to get this bill to the floor, and also my successor at EPRC, Ms. MCSALLY , for continuing to make this issue a priority. 
Finally, I want to thank the staff, because we know that this bill and the improvements with technology will save lives, and it will make our first responders and those in danger safer. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 623. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 455) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a northern border threat analysis, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a Northern Border threat analysis that includes— 
criminal threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking to— 
by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across the Northern Border; 
international agreements, or tribal agreements that hinder effective and efficient border security, counterterrorism, antihuman smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and 
Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
455, the Northern Border Security Review Act, and urge its passage. This legislation would require the Department of Homeland Security to conduct a muchneeded threat analysis of current and potential threats along our Nation’s vast northern border. 
both the northern border in New York and the southern border in El Paso, Texas, not to mention my time as a Federal prosecutor on the island of Puerto Rico, I have seen firsthand the challenges our Nation faces to counter violent drug trafficking organizations, organized crime syndicates, and human trafficking that transit across our Nation’s border. 
given to the challenges of securing our southern border, ensuring the safety of our vast northern border is also critical to our Nation’s security. It has been well documented that several major terrorist plots have been discovered and disrupted along the northern border in recent years. 
Ahmed Ressam, the socalled millennium bomber, was entering Washington State from Canada with a concealed 
bomb intended to detonate at LAX Airport when he was arrested by alert Customs agents in 1999. 
allies, the FBI and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police thwarted an attempt to derail and kill passengers on a train between New York and Toronto, which became known as the VIA rail plot. 
As chairman of the Homeland Security Committee’s bipartisan Foreign Fighters Task Force, I recently examined other vulnerabilities at our border associated with foreign fighter travel. Unfortunately, neither the United States nor Canada is immune to the threat of foreign fighters who may be inspired by groups like ISIS or otherwise radicalized online from others abroad. 
Task Force was the identification of security weaknesses that are putting the U.S. homeland in danger by making it easier for foreign fighters to migrate to terrorist hotspots and for jihadists to return to the West. One such vulnerability stems from our vast northern border that we share with Canada. Along this border, we face a number of unique challenges both geographically and jurisdictionally. 
Complicating the current understanding of the security needs along our northern border is the administration’s decision to stop providing metrics to Congress in 2010 that identified the number of miles under operational control. 
In that year, the Government Accountability Office reported that only 69 miles, or about 2 percent of the northern border’s 4,000 miles, were under operational control. Let me repeat that. Only 2 percent of our northern border is under operational control. 
with regard to the state of northern border security, this legislation requires that an assessment be conducted to analyze a variety of issues facing the northern border. These include potential terrorist threats, potential improvements, gaps in law or policy, and illegal border activity. 
This analysis is intended to better inform any resources that are needed along the border to increase operational control and legislation that can result therefrom. 
spend time with CBP officers and agents at the Port of Oswego in my district. I am continually impressed with their ability to carry out their duties in incredibly difficult situations. 
our Nation’s borders, as it will give our agents and officers the tools and information needed to better do their jobs. 
border have largely focused on drug trafficking and lack a holistic security approach to the issues that are unique along the northern border. 
provide Customs and Border Protection with the foundation needed to address 
all threats at and between ports of entry along the northern border. It will also provide Congress with the information necessary to conduct proper oversight. 
worked vigorously to address known challenges that the Department of Homeland Security faces. Since January, I, along with both my Republican and Democratic colleagues, have introduced seven pieces of legislation that address transportation and border security issues and hope that this will be the third bipartisan bill that we send to the President’s desk. 
This final product embodies the essence of bipartisanship, and I am proud to say that all Americans will benefit from the work my colleagues and I have done to secure our northern border. 
have a lot more work to do, and I promise we will continue to provide diligent oversight of the Department of Homeland Security. When we see a problem at this agency, we work swiftly together in a bipartisan manner with our Democratic brothers and sisters to address it. 
on Border and Maritime Security Chairman CANDICE MILLER for her support, along with my fellow northern border colleagues who have joined as cosponsors. 
of H.R. 455, the Northern Border Security Review Act, introduced by my friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). 
Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a northern border threat analysis. There has long been an intent focus on the southern border and the many challenges faced there. While this is undoubtedly justified, the northern border has often been neglected in this process. 
The Northern Border Security Review Act takes steps to correct this disparity by requiring an analysis of terror threats posed by individuals entering through the northern border as well as improvements needed at and between ports to prevent their entry. 
I was pleased that two of my amendments were adopted in committee. The first required an analysis of whether the implementation of preclearance and preinspection at additional ports of entry would enhance our security and prevent terrorists from entering the United States. 
Bridge in Buffalo was conducted in early 2014 and was deemed a success. It demonstrated the potential to efficiently process cargo while also enabling Customs and Border Protection 
reached between the United States and Canada earlier this year paved the way for implementation of permanent preinspection and preclearance at the Peace Bridge and other locations. 
an analysis of the number of additional Customs and Border Protection officers and agents needed to properly staff the northern border. Persistent staffing shortages have resulted in wait times that discourage economic activity while also leaving us vulnerable to a number of threats. 
this language was weakened during negotiations with the Senate. Having accurate information on the number of personnel required to detect illicit activity while facilitating legitimate trade and travel is vital. It is my hope that analysis on staffing requirements is included in forthcoming legislation. 
H.R. 455 will help ensure that we better understand the threats facing the northern border so we can understand how best to address them. With that in mind, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from New York has no further speakers, I am prepared to close once the gentleman does. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ), 
and the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) for their great leadership. 
we on the Committee on Homeland Security work together very well on many of these issues. 
Security Review Act, H.R. 455. My colleague from Texas (Mr. VELA) is the 
ranking member. I am delighted to be able to support a bill that captures all of what we have been speaking of over the years. 
there are two borders. There is the southern border, for which I certainly have concern, as a Representative from Texas, but there is also the northern border. I am glad to say I have been to the northern border, walked along the northern border. 
of this bill. H.R. 455 directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a classified northern border threat analysis on terrorism threats posed by individuals seeking to enter the United States, improvements needed at ports of entry, gaps in law, policy, international agreements, illegal crossborder activity, and the scope of the border security challenges. 
This is a complete picture of the Nation’s border, including whether additional preclearance and preinspection 
by CBP at ports of entry along the northern border could help prevent terrorists and their instruments from entering the United States. 
friend. I believe anytime that we can enhance both the relationship and the security of the U.S.Canadian border, the northern border, it is a very positive step forward for the Nation’s security. 
join me in supporting H.R. 455, the Northern Border Security Review Act. 
Homeland Security, a former ranking member of its Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, and a cosponsor, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 455, the ‘‘Northern Border Security Review Act.’’ 
Ranking Member V ELAof the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee for their work on this vital legislation. 
members of the Homeland Security Committee and the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, have helped make this common sense legislation a reality. 
together on many border security initiatives over the past several years. 
important area of concern in the effort to secure our homeland and keep it safe from those who would do us harm. 
Security to submit a classified northern border threat analysis, which shall include analyses of: 
seeking to enter the United States through the northern border; 
along the northern border to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States; 
3. gaps in law, policy, international agreements, or tribal agreements that hinder the border security and counterterrorism efforts along the northern border; 
of entry, including the maritime borders of the Great Lakes; 
that shall include the terrain, population density, and climate along the northern border; and 
inspection by the CBP at ports of entry along the northern border could help prevent terrorists and their instruments from entering the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, at 5,524 miles, the border separating Canada and United States is the longest contiguous international border in the world. 
States and Mexico is only Mexico border is only 1,951 miles long. 
The border with Canada is significantly easier to cross, due to less Border Patrol personnel. The United States has approximately 1,000 
Border Patrol agents assigned to the northern border but more than 11,000 patrolling its southern border with Mexico. 
In 2009, there were 39,254,000 trips by Canadians to the United States. 
600,000 undocumented Canadian immigrants working in the United States. 
visas; instead as Canadian citizens they are eligible for visa waivers which do not expire for six months. 
Mr. Speaker, the security of homeland requires that we have increased situational awareness and resources to respond to threats on the nation’s northern, as well as southern border. 
this effort and I urge all Members to join me in voting for its passage. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I briefly just want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
They echo the sentiments that I believe firmly, that the Homeland Security Subcommittee is probably the most bipartisan committee in Congress. It is an honor to be a part of it. It is an honor to serve with my colleagues I just mentioned and the others. 
Every single bill we have has bipartisan support. Every single bill seems to be like we are all on the same page, and that is really important when we have national security issues at hand. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
our debate on border security is long on political rhetoric and short on substance. Development of a substantive and thorough analysis of border security threats is essential to decisionmaking at all levels about how best to respond. This bill will help us do just that. 
455, the Northern Border Security Review Act, to help us understand and ultimately address any threats along our border with Canada. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
colleagues to support H.R. 455. This bill is going to form the foundation for properly securing the northern border once and for all. 
While our Canadian brothers and sisters are indeed our friends, the fact remains that bad people in Canada are intent on coming to the United States and vice versa and are intent on doing 
Canada is absolutely unacceptable. This bill is the first step in moving towards securing that border in a proper manner by making sure that we do a proper analysis once and for all, which I am not sure has ever been done in this manner. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 455, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Congress voted on the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. Moments ago we just cleared a bipartisan budget, which now makes its way to the Senate. Through this budget, we lift our debt ceiling and increase our defense and nondefense spending equally for 2 years and we avoid a government shutdown. 
that we must reduce our Nation’s growing debt, but we need to make sure that we do not do so at the expense of our country’s future and our ability to compete in a changing global economy. 
We, as Congress, need to come together to find longterm, bipartisan, commonsense solutions rather than play politics with our national security, economy, and the wellbeing of its people. 
Tomorrow the House of Representatives votes for a new Speaker. I hope that, under this new leadership, we see a change in how we govern. I hope Congress will no longer shy away from addressing the tough issues. I hope we can come together, both Republicans and Democrats, to get the people’s work done. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to congratulate the students, parents, staff, alumni, and supporters of Head Start as they celebrate Head Start Awareness Month and 50 years of service to our Nation’s most vulnerable children. 
Johnson launched Project Head Start as an 8week summer demonstration project to teach lowincome students essential skills to prepare them for 
served 32 million children and families across the country, providing them with the tools they need to build successful futures, helping to ensure a quality education and access to health care and social services. Head Start is a critical investment in the education of our Nation’s youngest children. 
we reaffirm our investment in the children who are the future of this country. I urge my colleagues to support bipartisan efforts to give all of America’s children a head start in life and an open door to opportunity. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise in support of President Obama’s Clean Power Plan, and I would like to applaud the 10,000 men and women, African American faith leaders, who are engaged, involved, and committed to clean air. These faith leaders represent 13 million African American churchgoers who remain steadfast and unmovable in their cause to combat the negative impact of climate change. 
Mr. Speaker, members of the Congressional Black Caucus tomorrow will receive the signatures and public statements of those demanding that this body fully support President Obama’s Clean Power Plan. Nearly 40 percent of the 6 million Americans living close to coalfired power plants are people of color and disproportionately African Americans. 
these plants are responsible for thousands of premature deaths, higher risk of asthma attacks, respiratory disease, and hundreds of thousands missed workdays. 
Black church and work together. The Black church and their fearless leaders for generations have stood united on critical social, economic, and moral imperatives that are meant to strengthen the communities they represent. They have been in the forefront, like Dr. Martin Luther King, who walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with our colleague, JOHNLEWIS, 
the Clean Power Plan is no different. They are in the forefront. As they state in their letter to us, ‘‘The Bible speaks passionately about the importance of stewardship for God’s creation,’’ and they believe that Obama’s Power Plan calls them to action. 
and gentlemen in their dedication to saving lives. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support 
These faith leaders represent 13 million African American churchgoers who remain steadfast and unmovable in their cause to combat the negative impact of climate change. 
Black Caucus to receive the signatures and public statements of those demanding that this body fully support President Obama’s Clean Power Plan. 
Nearly 40 percent of the six million Americans living close to coalfired power plants are people of color and disproportionately African American. 
plants are responsible for thousands of premature deaths, higher risks of asthma attacks, respiratory disease, and hundreds of thousands of missed workdays. 
The Black Church and their fearless leaders, for generations, have stood united on critical social and economic moral imperatives that are meant to strengthen the communities they represent. 
As they state in their letter to us: ‘‘The Bible 
speaks passionately about the importance of stewardship for God’s creation. And President Obama’s Clean Power Plan echoes God’s call.’’ 
and women of God and for the vital work they are doing on this important issue. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the subject of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? 
Speaker, about 1 year ago, Speaker BOEHNER and Senate Majority Leader 
114th Congress. It included ‘‘focusing first on jobs and the economy.’’ They looked forward to helping middle class Americans ‘‘frustrated by an increasing lack of opportunity, the stagnation of wages, and a government that seems incapable of performing even basic tasks.’’ 
nothing but protect big businesses enjoy record profits, attack immigrants, and help polluters continue the destruction of our environment. 
support of the Confederate battle flag, but we have taken no votes on legislation that will level the playing field for 
voted against a solid, longterm transportation and infrastructure bill five times, and we have taken no votes on legislation to boost American wages. This body has voted countless times to undermine the Affordable Care Act or endanger women’s access to health care, but we have taken no votes on legislation to help families balance the needs of work and their personal lives. That is in spite of statements from Members like the Republican nominee for Speaker who just last week indicated he wouldn’t run for the position unless he would be allowed to set aside time to spend with his family. 
here on the floor tonight to call for a shift in focus. We were elected to ensure everyday Americans have a fighting chance and opportunities to succeed. We need to change gears to get to work on an agenda for working families. We need to pass legislation that would give workers the ability to balance work and family needs, bills like the Healthy Families Act, the Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act, the Schedules That Work Act, and the Strong Start for America’s Children Act. We need to pass legislation that will give workers paychecks that actually give them a chance to make ends meet, bills like the Raise the Wage Act, the WAGE Act, and the Payroll Fraud Prevention Act. 
give every American a chance to succeed and climb into the middle class regardless of gender, sexual orientation, or any other quality, bills like the Paycheck Fairness Act, the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, and the Equality Act. 
stories from across the country of working families who have played by the rules and worked for long hours and still can’t seem to make it work. These experiences are shared with countless others from my district in New Jersey all the way across the Nation to California. 
to listen, and, more importantly, I hope they are ready to act. 
It is my pleasure to yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
the gentlewoman for yielding. I also would like to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN) for her tireless support of the progressive message and her long work in New Jersey, but also here in Congress. Thank you, ma’am. 
of Action, the day when we came together to talk about the agenda for working people, is a far cry from what my Republican colleagues like to talk about on a daily basis. But working people in this country need an advocate; they need somebody in Congress to care. 
I want to tell a quick story about a 
young lady in my district. Her name is Randa Jama, and she is a member of 
SEIU Local 26, who took a job as a wheelchair attendant at the MinneapolisSaint Paul Airport last fall with AirServ, a Delta Airlines subcontractor. It was supposed to be a full time position, but her employer suddenly cut her hours to only 12 hours a week. She explains to me: ‘‘They told me that you are working only Saturday and Sunday from now on.’’ Her supervisors would still sometimes ask her at the last minute to stay late or do an extra shift, but she can’t work at such short notice even though she needs the hours because it is hard to get access to babysitters. She is a young mom. 
many other people, I just want to make a few reflections here today, and that is that things are absolutely out of balance. They are out of balance, and the gap between rich and everybody else is wider now than it has been in decades; and working people, consumers, and environmental advocates are starting to come together to demand good jobs and shared prosperity. 
about income inequality. We all know that. But what we may not know is how Americans all over this country are moving, shaking, and doing what they need to do. Whether it is the workers of the Restaurant Opportunities Centers or whether it is WorkingAmerica or whether it is the people in the labor movement, the Fight for $15, people all over this country—Americans—are not taking this situation lying down. 
working families need and what they are doing. They face stagnating wages and struggle to balance the demands at home and on the job. I am very pleased that when it was announced that PAUL 
accepting the role of Speaker of the House, he insisted that he would have proper worklife balance and was not going to give up home time. I hope that is a signal that we can pursue a shared agenda of the worklife balance for all families all across America. 
leave and affordable child care. For workers who don’t have a reliable work schedule, it is often impossible to plan and to pay for child care, rent, transportation, and groceries. People are not working enough hours in many cases, and when they get those hours, they often have to choose between leaving their kids at home or taking the hours that they so desperately need. Workers are seeing their right to organize erode. 
you a good story, which is true, about a friend named Kipp Hedges. Kipp Hedges worked as a baggage handler for 25 years for Delta. He did an awesome job day in and day out and was a member of his union. The people at the MinneapolisSaint Paul Airport said: Hey, we want to form a union. 
The people who pushed the wheelchairs, the folks who drive the disabled around the airport, and the folks who 
clean up the airport wanted a union. He said: Well, that is a good effort, and I want to support it. 
He got fired. He got fired. A lot of people who try to organize 
unions today get fired for engaging in union activity. That is wrong, and it is against the National Labor Relations Act, but people get fired for it anyway. The fact is it takes them a long time to ever get any kind of satisfaction. 
that the percentage of workers belonging to unions was about 33 percent. But between 1973 and 2007, private sector union membership plummeted all the way down from about 33, 34 percent down to about 8 percent for men and about from 16 percent to 6 percent for women. It is a devastating situation. 
unions they make more. People of color in unions make more than people of color not in unions. Women in unions make more money than women not in unions. Even White men in unions, working men, make more money than White men not in unions. The union factor makes a big difference. 
at least onethird of the growth in wage inequality among men and one fifth of the growth in wage inequality among women. The decline of union density has resulted directly in Americans of all backgrounds having less money in their paychecks. 
Now, the American economy is growing. This is the richest country in the world, and it is actually doing pretty well. But the share of that growth has only been going to the very richest few, and it has not been distributed equally. 
This is a pivotal moment in our history, and Americans are stepping up to do something about it. We can see clearly now that tax cuts for big corporations won’t help working people. We hear all the time, day in and day out, that if you cut taxes for the wealthy and you don’t make them obey any health and safety rules, then they will use all that extra money to start businesses, buy inventory, start plants, and buy equipment, and that will give the rest of us jobs. That kind of philosophy has a name. It is called trickle down economics. It doesn’t work now, and it didn’t work then. It never works. As a matter of fact, Americans all over are starting to see that a tax cut for a big corporation or a wealthy individual and allowing them to abandon health and safety rules is not going to benefit anybody but them. In fact, it is going to hurt us quite a bit. 
Mr. Speaker, we know that deregulation won’t help consumers, and we know that it is not going to help the environment. It will leave our consumers at the tender mercies of the business community, and it will leave our communities at the tender mercy of polluters. We can’t afford that. 
together to push back for shared prosperity. We in Congress need to stand with them. One thing we can do is support policies and priorities outlined in the Day of Action. One thing we can do is stand in support of the policy priorities outlined in this Working Families Day of Action, #workingfamilies. We in Congress need to stand with them. 
would: one, raise wages; two, protect the right to unionize and organize; three, increase access to paid sick leave, family leave, and affordable child care; and, four, promote fair scheduling at the workplace and fight workplace discrimination. 
Let me just mention a few steps before I turn it over. On the issue of fair scheduling, this is a big deal. There are more than 23 million workers in low wage jobs, and twothirds of these workers are women. Workers in these jobs often face schedules that are rigid, unpredictable, and unstable, which can make it impossible to successfully juggle responsibilities on and off the job. 
I just want to say to any small business who worries about fair scheduling: We want to be in conversation with you. We want to talk it out and work it out. We know that sometimes things do come up in unexpected ways. But for sure, we can discuss, as Americans, how to work out a schedule that is a familyfriendly schedule and that meets the needs of the business. What we have now is a completely unpredictable environment where people are left either choosing between leaving their kids at home or abandoning those hours that are available. 
about unions. A typical union worker makes 30 percent more than a nonunion worker. This is a fact. The companies they work for are thriving and growing. There are tons of union companies all over this country that are making a lot of money. The question is: How big is the CEO’s bonus? If we can have some union representation, the company can thrive, but the workers can share in that thriving. Right now, workers are eking a living hand to mouth and paycheck to paycheck, and the CEO bonuses are out of control. 
make 36 percent more than nonunionized African Americans. Unionized Hispanic women make 46 percent more than nonunionized Hispanic women. 
quick story because this really is about people, Mr. Speaker. It is about people. It is not just about the stats. It is about people. 
have open availability and still can’t get the hours. She is required to get open availability and still can’t get the hours. Her name is Jill, and she works for JCPenney. 
She writes: My name is Jill Ernst. When I interviewed 
at JCPenney in Minnesota, part of how I got the job was that I had to have a very flexible schedule. 
I was open all 7 days of the week, but now 
they only give me less than 35 hours. If they give me less than 34.5 hours, it’s a struggle to pay rent and my bills. If they put me on the schedule for 28 hours, I have to figure out how to convince my manager to give me more hours or find someone who is willing to give up hours. 
need to take paid time off for 1 day, I know that I’ll have to take the entire week off or I’ll be scheduled a bunch of short days and not be paid for that 1 day off. 
working families, who had a day of action yesterday: #workingfamilies. We know there is inequality. We know the wages have stagnated. We know that it is tough out there for working Americans. 
But working Americans aren’t sitting around taking it on the chin. They are out there demanding a fair share of this economy, and Congress should stand there with them. 
Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. ELLISON , who has been a very strong 
and consistent voice on behalf of all working families and, indeed, all of those that are least among us couldn’t have a better advocate. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). 
want to start by thanking Congresswoman BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN for 
Progressive Caucus I hope will be coming down and joining us this evening for a tribute to this Working Families Day of Action, the Working Families Agenda. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN listed 
some of the bills that we have on that agenda. 
are facing are not intractable. We know that many working women and men are struggling today, but these problems are not unsurmountable. In fact, they could be solved relatively easily if the Republican majority would work with us to pass legislation that would bring U.S. labor policies in line with the rest of the industrialized world. We have the legislation. We have the public support. We just need action. 
workers to join unions. We know that union members earn more and have better benefits. A study by the Center for Economic and Policy Research found that unionized women earn, on average, $2.50 more per hour, are 36 percent more likely to have an employ sponsored benefit plan and 18 percent more likely to have paid sick leave. 
airport workers who came to Washington, baggage handlers, passenger transporters—the people who push the wheelchairs—and others. They are hired by contractors like Prospect Company. Now, they are wearing uniforms, and 
it looks to me like they are hired by either the airline or the airport. But, no, they are hired by a private contractor. They don’t have paid sick leave or health insurance. One woman in the group earned only $8.25 an hour after 14 years on the job. 
miscarriage after her employer refused to give her light duty. The next time she became pregnant, they offered her light duty, but only if she agreed to work only one afternoon a week. 
experience. One of the workers in the group was a cabin cleaner hired by Skyline, a union company. He earned fair wages, a pension, and benefits. 
solved. But I want to talk a little bit about how unstable work schedules contribute to the chaotic life of many workers by telling you about Tanya in a letter I received. 
My name is Tanya and I work in an assembly line in a frigid 36degree warehouse chopping lettuce and other items to create grab’n’go foods destined for display cases in Starbucks, Costco, and Walmart. 
I will work, which hours, or even how long my shift will last. Sometimes I may be scheduled for an 8hour shift, but get only 4 hours of work because my line’s order is completed early. Other times I am at work and on my feet for 12 hours. 
it impossible for me to go back to school, which I desperately want to do, because I can’t commit to any class schedule. I can’t even plan a budget for rent, food or transportation because I have no idea how much money I will make in any given month. 
It is terrible when I finish the order early 
and am sent home without working my full shift. It is even worse when I punch out and hear my supervisor say, ‘‘We don’t need you tomorrow.’’ My heart sinks. It is the last thing I want to hear. I only make $9.25 an hour and sometimes I get only 25 hours a week. That isn’t even enough to pay my rent. 
These are stories that all of us in this 
Congress need to hear, to digest, to understand what the life of people in our districts is like, and we need to offer solutions that can improve their lives. 
for much. They want good schedules. They want fair wages. They want some benefits. And, yes, even a little retirement security would be good. We could do that. We are the richest country in the world at the richest moment in history. 
Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois. She is always a progressive voice and no greater advocate can we have. 
someone who has been a friend for a very long time and whose work I respect and admire tremendously. 
of her work, particularly the work she has done in New Jersey when she was in the State legislature and now in 
Congress. I want to thank the Congressional caucus for holding this Special Order on the Working Families Agenda. 
House in January 2011, they have held hearing after hearing to make it harder for workers to form a union, they have attempted over 60 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act, they have been giving tax cuts to the wealthy, and all that time they have been wasting millions of dollars on the Benghazi Committee. 
people deserve better. We know that families across America are struggling to make ends meet. Today I am calling on my colleagues across the aisle to get to work on the responsible solutions that hardworking Americans want and need, solutions that would boost wages, help workers achieve a better balance between work and family, and level the playing field so all workers can get a fair shot at success. This is the Working Families Agenda. 
India Ford, who is from my district. During the Working Families Day of Action yesterday, she spoke to Members about how she worked nights and weekends for nearly a dozen years in the restaurant industry. As a single mom, this meant not being home for her child to help her with her homework, missing PTA meetings, and not being able to spend time with her daughter before she went to bed. 
Finally, she got a new job at a new 
restaurant with a manager who offered to give her a schedule that worked for her family. And do you know what she did? She selected the lunch shift. This simple change was profound because now she is at home with her daughter at night. She is able to attend school events and able to help with homework. 
But basic protections like fair schedules and paid sick leaves shouldn’t depend on winning the boss lottery. They should be fundamental rights of every American. 
than ever, but it has been a long time since most people got a raise. We need to pass legislation to raise the minimum wage. We also need to improve the National Labor Relations Act because, when workers try to organize and form a union to negotiate for a fair share, more than onethird of the time somebody gets fired during the organizational drive. 
Labor Relations Act so that employers might think twice before they retaliate. That is what the Workplace Action for a Growing Economy, or the WAGE Act, would do. 
We need to help workers better balance work and family. We need Federal paid sick days and paid family and medical leave laws, which 80 percent of the public supports. Workers need flexible schedules, schedules that work. 
It is also past time that we level the 
playing field so that all working families have a fair shot. It is shameful 
that, in 2015, discrimination still shuts many workers out of goodpaying jobs. 
breadwinner being fired for being gay, but Federal law still does not provide explicit workplace protections on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. Working people deserve more than just a paycheck. They deserve a decent life. It is time to rewrite the rules to make the economy work for everybody. 
Democrats stand ready to take up responsible solutions, like the Working Families Agenda, to boost wages, help workers balance family and work, and level the playing field by eliminating discrimination so that everybody has a fair shot. 
In honor of National Work and Family Month, on Thursday, we will introduce a resolution calling on Congress to hold hearings and votes on the Working Families Agenda. 
resolution, and we won’t stop there. For as long as it takes, we will continue to call on our colleagues across the aisle to take up the responsible policies that will help people make a better life for themselves and their families. 
COLEMAN and the Congressional Progressive Caucus for coordinating this Special Order hour and thank all of my colleagues in the Democratic Caucus who are standing up for working families. 
you very much. As always, you have shared information with us which is illuminating and edifying and, hopefully, convincing of our colleagues that they shall adhere to those things that you were suggesting and recommending. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the stories tonight that I have comes from Armando in New Brunswick, New Jersey. For 3
years, Armando worked at a gas station 7 days a week on the night shift. He got one day off every 3 months. Despite working 46 hours each week, he didn’t get overtime pay. 
In 2007, when his wife Silvia developed eye problems that required a number of doctors’ appointments, Armando’s request to leave work early to help with her treatment and recovery was denied. 
Armando would come in from work at 6 a.m., leave at 7 a.m. to head to the hospital with Silvia, return home at 7 p.m., and sleep for just 2 hours before doing it all over again. 
Department of Labor, Armando lost his job. On his way out the door, Armando’s employer told him he was a good worker. He liked his work, but not the complaint. 
endure this. No one should have to work endlessly with just 4 days off each year just to make ends meet. No one should have to choose between caring for a loved one and losing his or her job. 
and share another story with you from New Jersey. This story comes from 
Josefa, also from New Brunswick, New Jersey. She works in a restaurant in the kitchen and occasionally as a cashier. 
had to take 2 months off of work without pay. When she returned, she asked for the morning shift so that she could go home to be with her newborn baby. 
later they moved her to a 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. shift. With so few hours and traveling long distances to get to the restaurant, Josefa was stuck. She asked her boss for more hours, not a raise or a handout, but the chance to work enough hours to make ends meet. 
told that, if she didn’t like it, she could leave. 
mom, so it was very difficult; and things like this don’t just happen to me—they happen to many others. We just make enough to pay the babysitter and rent, but there are so many expenses.’’ 
in the world, which we are, we can— and we must—do better. We must stand up for those hardworking Americans who don’t want a handout but who simply want a level playing field. We have got to stand up for those working Americans who have to work 46 hours a week, who get 3 or 4 days a year off, who are not able to make the decision to be able to care for a sick child, a sick spouse, or a sick parent. 
take a lot for us to simply be decent to those who hold up our economy, who do the jobs that we take for granted every single, solitary day; but without those jobs, we would see what is lacking in our lives. 
So I ask, Mr. Speaker, that our colleagues in this House—and particularly on the other side of the aisle—spend some time reflecting on what little it is they need to do to simply give our working Americans a fair shake, a fair chance, time with their families, and time to be able to bring their families into the middle class. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I feel compelled to speak tonight on an issue that impacts the safety and the security of our country. There is a grave 
one seems to want to talk about or to address—we talk around it; we allude to it; we look the other way or vainly hope that it will just go away—but sticking our heads in the sand will not make it go away. Instead, the threat is growing, and a lack of knowledge, foresight, and action on our part could jeopardize the future of our children and our grandchildren. The threat that I am referring to is the Refugee Resettlement Act. 
Today, I want to share with my colleagues and the Nation some very important aspects of the Refugee Resettlement Program, which, I hope, will result in serious debate and in an effective reevaluation of our current refugee resettlement policies. 
Marathon bombing, you would think that America would have implemented a more rigorous screening process for allowing entry into the United States. On the contrary, as the world becomes increasingly more dangerous, significant security gaps remain. 
President Obama has recently announced his plans to increase from 70,000 to 85,000 the number of refugees allowed into the United States in 2016, next year, and, for 2017, he plans to bring in 100,000. Most of the increase is from Syria and western Iraq, a direct result of the conflict of ISIS and of Mr. Obama’s own weak, disjointed foreign policy. 
security concerns the resettlement program poses, there are significant costs that will be placed on the U.S. taxpayer and on State and local governments. The numbers that we have seen suggest a large economic burden on Americans, and we don’t even know the full extent of all of the costs of this program. 
3314, the Resettlement Accountability National Security Act of 2015. My bill places an immediate moratorium on the U.S. Refugee Resettlement Program until the Government Accountability Office conducts a study to determine the economic costs to the American taxpayer and until Congress analyzes the risks to our national security. 
According to the U.S. Refugee Admissions’ database, nearly 500,000 new refugees have come into the United States under the Refugee Resettlement Program since President Obama first took office. As a firstterm Representative from Texas, I immediately began to investigate this issue because the State of Texas and its taxpayers have been asked to take in more refugees than any other State. 
much less answering—the questions of who, how, when, where, and how much regarding these refugees. I also found out that aspects of this program are very hard to determine even by the government agencies supposedly overseeing it, mainly because these agencies contract and provide funding to 
nongovernmental organizations to administer the program and because the United Nations gets to choose the majority of the refugees who enter the United States. 
signed into law by thenPresident Jimmy Carter in 1980, more than 3 million refugees from Third World countries have been permanently resettled in the United States; and as I said earlier, nearly 500,000 refugees in just the last 6
1⁄2years of the Obama administration have been resettled by private Federal contractors across this country in over 190 towns and communities whose local citizens have little to no say in the matter. 
organizations that administer the Refugee Resettlement Program and choose the locations of resettlement within the United States are nonprofit groups. However, these nonprofits are paid, literally, millions of Federal dollars. I am very troubled by the Refugee Resettlement Act’s cost to America. 
nearly $19 trillion national debt argue against asking the American taxpayer to take on the further financial burden of tens of billions of dollars for refugee resettlement. According to official statistics published by the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement, or ORR, more than 90 percent of recent refugees from the Middle East are on welfare. This is alarming from a budgetary standpoint alone. 
memo that was issued to the Senate Judiciary Committee on the Office of Refugee Resettlement Admissions from the Department of Health and Human Services revealed that 74.2 percent of all refugees up until the year 2013 received food stamps while 56 percent received some sort of medical assistance. The very next year, in 2014, the ORR reported that 92 percent of Middle Eastern refugees were on food stamps, and over 68 percent received direct cash assistance. 
According to the ORR’s annual report to Congress for fiscal year 2013, the majority of the refugees who enter the United States are without any income or assets to support themselves and are given benefits paid for by Stateadministered programs. 
age of 18 are eligible for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, or TANF, program. Refugees who are older, blind, or disabled are eligible for Medicaid benefits and Supplemental Security Income, or SSI, whose trust fund right now is nearing insolvency. The Federal Government does not reimburse States for the costs or for Medicaid programs, which places a huge economic drain on the State governments. As a former mayor and local school board member, I know of the strain this places on local municipalities and school systems as well. 
not meet the specifications listed above, such as single adults, childless 
couples, and twoparent families, are still eligible to receive benefits under the Refugee Cash Assistance, or RCA, and Refugee Medical Assistance, or RMA, programs for up to the first 8 months that a refugee is in the United States. While the States are reimbursed for these programs, they cost U.S. taxpayers about $302.4 million each year. 
For 2013, the Office of Refugee Resettlement allocated $400 million for transitional and medical services, $150 million for social services, and nearly $50 million in targeted assistance. Along with several other allotments, the total refugee appropriation was over $620 million. 
is that refugees are eligible for lawful permanent residence, or LPR, status and for all Federal benefits after being here 1 year in the United States. In addition, if they have children born here in the United States, they are eligible for benefits as well. Robert Rector of the respected Heritage Foundation puts the cost of accepting just 10,000 Syrian refugees at more than $6.5 billion for a lifetime of costs. 
Again, I ask: Is this wise for a country that is nearly $19 trillion in debt? 
It sounds noble for the Obama administration to propose bringing in more refugees next year, yet there is no full accounting or transparency over what this will cost the taxpayers at the Federal, State, or local level. In a critical time when we must be economically responsible and prioritize our finite resources accordingly, allocating over a half a billion dollars for a program with unknown consequences is not the best use of our government resources. 
The question at the end of the day is: 
Can we really afford not to take a further look at the resettlement program? 
Let’s also take a few minutes to examine the national security threats of this. 
than the enormous costs are the numerous security risks posed by accepting refugees without properly screening or vetting them. As entire regions of the Middle East dissolve into chaos, the ability to conduct the proper vetting of refugees by verifying places of origin, political orientations, criminal records, or sometimes even basic identities is, all too often, simply nonexistent. 
Already, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, FBI Director James Comey, and Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson have testified under oath that they cannot properly screen the refugees who are streaming out of these wartorn areas of the Middle East. 
had serious concerns about bringing in refugees from conflict zones. We cannot just call up the Damascus or Libyan police department and run background checks on these refugees from conflict zones. There is already a very 
per year coming into the United States, terrorists and ISIS followers who are posing as refugees may have slipped through the gaps. 
this refugee crisis, and it has already, indeed, been caught attempting to do so. According to a senior Lebanese official, at least 20,000 jihadists have already infiltrated the Syrian refugee camps and are plotting to enter Western Europe. According to the Council on Foreign Relations, jihadist groups typically target European countries that have generous and liberal immigration policies and that are allies of the United States. 
News, in Turkey, stated this past February that the Turkish intelligence service had warned police that 3,000 trained jihadists were attempting to cross into Turkey from Syria and Iraq and then make their way into Western Europe to target countries involved in the U.S.led antiIslamic State coalition. What is even more alarming is that the news publication reports that some of the members of the group, including their leaders, have already entered Turkey and have already established cells of terrorist operation. 
who are between the ages of 17 to 25 have entered Turkey as refugees and plan to travel to Europe through Bulgaria in order to attack antiISIS coalitionmember countries. In fact, one ISIS operative has claimed more than 4,000 covert ISIS gunmen have been smuggled into Western nations and are currently hiding amongst innocent refugees. He then warned ‘‘just wait,’’ according to the International Business Times. 
Times also cited Libyan Government adviser Abdul Basit Haroun, who warned that ISIS operatives were being smuggled into Europe by boat. Haroun said that ISIS militants are taking advantage of the crisis by using boats for their own operatives whom they want to send to Europe, and the European authorities can’t differentiate between those from ISIS and the actual refugees. If this is not disturbing, then I don’t know what is. 
refugees who have settled in Europe over the past several decades now going to join ISIS in the Middle East. According to Gilles de Kerchove, the European Union’s counterterrorism chief, nearly 4,000 Europeans are estimated to have left Western Europe and gone and joined ISIS. 
States refugee settlement communities as well. In Minneapolis, Minnesota, there have been 22 young Somali men that we know of since 2007 that left their new refugee home in the United States to join the terrorist organization al Shabaab. In Somalia, they are fighting against 
U.S. allies and U.S.trained troops. There are 27,000 Somali refugees in the Minneapolis area, and President Obama’s plans call for thousands more. 
an Iraqi American who is suspected to have come to the United States as a refugee or an asylum seeker in the year 2009. When the FBI went to his home, they found evidence of ties with ISIS, including pledging an oath to its leader, Abu Bakr alBaghdadi. 
Liban Haji Mohamed, who came to the United States as a Somali refugee, is on the FBI’s Most Wanted Terrorist list for providing material support to al Qaeda and al Shabaab. He is considered particularly dangerous because he worked to recruit other U.S. terrorists for these terrorist organizations. He lived in Alexandria, Virginia, just a few miles across the river from where I am standing right now. 
of homeland security and national security analyst at the Clarion Project, a poll was conducted in November of 2014 of 900 Syrian refugees. In this poll of recent refugees, 13 percent, or roughly one out of seven, claim to have sympathies toward ISIS. Alarmingly and incredibly, that amounts to a potential 130 ISIS sympathizers. 
Act, known as the INA, specifies that applicants for the resettlement program be subject to various grounds of inadmissibility, including criminal, security, and public health grounds. 
The grounds of inadmissibility applying to refugee applicants include the broad terrorismrelated inadmissibility grounds, or TRIG, in section 212 of the INA, the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
Very disturbing is the fact that, beginning in 2005, the Department of Homeland Security, the State Department, and the Department of Justice began exercising their discretionary authority to waive these categories of inadmissibility for refugee applicants. 
Homeland Security began implementing new additional exemptions for individuals if they only provided insignificant or certain limited material support to terrorists—this includes routine commercial and social transactions—or provided humanitarian assistance to undesignated terrorist organizations. 
States Government has granted more than 15,560 TRIG exemptions to refugee applicants. That is right. More than 15,000 times the Government of the United States has waived past participation with terrorist organizations so that refugees could come and enter into the United States. This must stop. 
the potential of terrorist suspects posing as refugees while President Obama redoubles his efforts to bring these people in the United States and put at risk the lives and safety of the American 
gunmen in Garland, Texas, who linked themselves to ISIS; the shooter in Chattanooga, Tennessee, who killed five U.S. servicemembers, recruiters; and the Tsarnaev brothers in the Boston Marathon bombing, who killed three spectators and injured an estimated 260 others. What we need to ask ourselves is: How did the Federal Government fail the American people with respect to vetting these refugees? 
Of course, not all refugees are Islamic jihadists. Indeed, most are not. But the few that are pose a very real threat to the safety and security of the American people. The 9/11 terrorist attackers numbered 19, the Boston terrorists only 2. 
As elected representatives, our responsibility to the American citizens and our communities should be our number one priority. 
has long operated under the radar of most Americans. The average American has no idea that this resettlement program is a U.N. plan that chooses which refugees come to the United States and that the United States taxpayer foots the bill. 
But as it has grown over the last few 
years and its implementation has become a threat to small communities, saddling them with the problems that refugee resettlement brings without their sayso and often even without their knowledge, residents in several States, including Texas, are starting to ask hard questions. 
No longer satisfied with past answers, they are showing up at townhall meetings, starting blogs and email lists, digging up information and informing their friends and neighbors of what is really going on with refugee resettlement in such diverse American communities as MinneapolisSt. Paul, Minnesota; Lewiston, Maine; Amarillo, Texas; the State of Idaho; and many other locations, just to name a few 
will be, we have to look no further than western Europe, which has taken in over half a million refugees just this year, not to mention the millions over the past decades. 
A very popular destination for refugees coming to Europe is Sweden. The country is currently facing a large scale refugee crisis, and the government does not know where these refugees will live, how they will work, and who will foot the bill for them. 
National Board of Housing, Building and Planning, Sweden needs to build half a million homes by the year 2020. This costly housing initiative will cost about $387 million a year and will only fund half of this by 2020. 
rape numbers. Recent refugees—and now their Swedishborn children—are responsible for more than half of those convicted of rape, murder, and robbery. 
Clearly, the existing approach to addressing the plight of refugees is simply not working. Are these really the sort of problems that we want here at home and the United States? 
rapes, gang violence, and domestic terror are the norms, but, rather, they are the risks that have been seen in Europe that come along with accepting large numbers of refugees without proper vetting and screening. 
crimes committed by transplanted people against unsuspecting, unprotected victims in their own country are even more tragic. 
Arabian Peninsula—Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, and Bahrain—have not taken in a single refugee that we know of. 
Instead, they have argued that accepting large numbers of Syrians is a threat to their safety, as terrorists could be hiding within an influx of people. 
The only help so far from Saudi Arabia is an offer to build 200 mosques in Germany. It is quite apparent that the fear of importing terrorists is real for American communities if Syria’s own neighbors will not admit these refugees. 
My investigation of the refugee resettlement policies have also led to a concern for the most persecuted religious minority in the entire Middle East region: Christians. 
Of the nine nongovernmental organizations which receive Federal grants and contracts to resettle refugees, six are designated religious charities. However, I could find no mission statements from any of them about saving Christians. 
why so many nonChristian refugees are chosen to be brought into the United States while persecuted Christians in Syria, Iraq, Egypt, and other nations there have a very hard time getting within sight of the Statue of Liberty. 
the U.N. refugee program is that it falls short of helping one of the most persecuted groups around the world, and that is Christians. 
and Elliott Abrams, the United Nations High Commission on Refugees refuses to classify Christians as a persecuted group eligible for resettlement on this basis. 
State chooses to adhere to a definition of refugees as people persecuted by their own government. The murders of Christian men, the rapes of Christian women, and the butchery of Christian children apparently do not count. These people are routinely beheaded, crucified, burned at the stake, sold into slavery, or have their property confiscated. 
churches, kidnapped Christians and held them for ransom, even after they 
have already murdered them. Last summer they started marking Christian homes with a red letter ‘‘N’’ for ‘‘Nazarene’’ before they took the homes and exiled the owners. 
exile is a better option than the inhumane atrocities that many in the region are currently facing. Many are sexually enslaved by ISIS, like Kayla Mueller. 
Kayla Mueller was a Christian American human rights activist from Prescott, Arizona. She was taken captive in August 2013 by ISIS in Syria after leaving a Doctors Without Borders hospital. After she was taken by the terrorist group, she was repeatedly raped by Abu Bakr alBaghdadi, who is the leader of ISIS. 
ISIS prisoners, including 460 taken from Syria and many more who have already been killed. Many have been taken by al Shabaab in Africa. Pope Francis has even gotten involved and is calling this targeting of Christians a form of genocide. 
persecution face the difficult decision of where to turn and where will they be safe. 
mode of transportation to take can be critical to Christian families. It was reported this past April that 12 Christian migrants trying to get to Europe by boat were simply thrown overboard by fellow Muslim migrants and drowned. 
Most are afraid to go to the U.N. refugee camps and fear the actions taken by some of their more radicalized Muslim neighbors within the camps. There are very few Christians in these camps and other nonMuslims because they fear for their own personal safety. 
religious minorities, the only persons able to qualify easily for U.N. refugee 
resettlement are those people who are in these U.N. refugee camps. There in the camp they can be designated as priority 1 eligible by the United Nations High Commission on Refugees, and then they qualify for resettlement. 
U.N. refugee camps are the only source from which the U.S. will accept U.N. refugees under this resettlement act. Since very few Christians feel safe in these camps, it is apparent that this is the reason that less than 4 percent of the U.N. resettled refugees are Christians. 
Canterbury said it best when he stated that this inadvertently discriminates against the very Christian communities most victimized by the inhuman butchers of the socalled Islamic State. 
this part of the world right now. They are so desperate to leave that they have said that they will go almost anywhere except the U.N. camps to try to rebuild their lives. 
other than the resettlement act by which it is possible to admit Christians 
and other groups into the U.S. as refugees. The U.S. State Department has the authority to designate certain groups like Christians as priority 2 refugees, which would enable them to enter the United States without having to be living in a U.N. refugee camp. 
act on this immediately. It defies logic that we would want to potentially import the problems of the Middle East into the very heart of America. 
The recent terrorist attacks in Garland, Texas; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Oklahoma City, and the Boston Marathon should serve as a dire warning. 
A report submitted by the Obama administration for proposed refugee admissions says that in the year 2014 the median age of refugees from Iraq and Syria was 28 and 23, respectively, and over half of these refugees were of working age, between 16 years and 64 years of age. In fact, according to U.N. statistics, 65 percent of these Syrian refugees are militaryage males, who should be defending their own country and pose a risk of having ISIS infiltrators among them. 
Again, we don’t need to look any further than Europe for all the evidence that we need to see the dire consequences for this program to American safety and security. 
half a million known migrants and refugees came to the European Union in 
the first 8 months of 2015. This number will most likely reach 1 million by the end of this year, and this does not include the number of individuals who slipped in undetected. 
the top countries of origin are Syria, Afghanistan, Eritrea, Nigeria, Albania, Pakistan, Somalia, Sudan, and Iraq. For the refugees who arrived by land, the top three countries of origin are Syria, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. 
There has been much criminal activity, including multiple cases of rape, among refugee camps. On August 6 of this year, police finally reported that a young 13yearold girl was raped by another asylum seeker at a refugee facility in Detmold, Germany. The rape actually had taken place in June, but the police had kept quiet about it for several months, not wanting to alarm the German local population. It was only after a local media outlet had published this story about the crime that it came to light. 
According to German social work organizations, large numbers of women and young girls housed in refugee shelters in Germany are being raped, sexually assaulted, or forced into prostitution by male asylum seekers. 
newspaper WestfalenBlatt said police are refusing to go public about the crimes involving refugees because they don’t want to give legitimacy to criticism of the dangers of mass, unchecked migration from the Middle East. 
many elements that neither Europe nor the United States would ever invite in, and the challenge is separating them. Europe is dealing with a stark reality that it does not want to face and would prefer to turn a blind eye. 
Mering have issued a warning to German parents not to allow their children to go outside unaccompanied. In another Bavarian town of Pocking, administrators at the WilhelmDiess Gymnasium have told parents not to let their daughters wear revealing clothes to avoid ‘‘misunderstandings’’ by the large number of refugees in their town. 
These are not the only troubling actions unfolding in Germany, a country which has pledged to take more refugees than any other country in the European Union. Levels of violent crime brought about by the groups from the Balkans and the Middle East have turned certain cities such as Duisburg into nogo zones for police, according to a police report from their headquarters in the North RhineWestphalia region. This is the most populous state in Germany. This report states that the ability of the police to maintain public order ‘‘cannot be guaranteed over the long term,’’ according to Der Spiegel, the newsmagazine which leaked the report. 
gangs are taking over entire metro trains for themselves. Local residents and businesspeople are being intimidated and silenced. People taking trams during the evening and nighttime describe their experiences as living nightmares. Policemen, and especially policewomen, are subject to high levels of aggressiveness and disrespect. 
Unassimilated refugees and immigrants have turned large sections of Europe’s great cities into nogo zones where even the police will not go. Jewish emigration from France is the highest since World War II. 
change, according to this report. The reasons for this: the high rate of unemployment, the lack of job prospects for immigrants without qualifications for the German labor market, and ethnic tensions among the migrants themselves. The Duisburg police department now wants to reinforce its presence on the streets and track offenders much more consistently than before. 
I am not suggesting that every refugee or even the majority of these refugees are engaged in such criminal activity. It is a very small number. But what I am suggesting is that there are some among them who have terrorist intentions that have infiltrated these communities, and it is difficult to screen them out. Even one is too many. 
national disaster waiting to happen. No one is saying that we should not help those who are in refugee camps. We should. America is the most generous and compassionate country in the world. We already are spending $4.5 billion in humanitarian aid, food, shelter, and medicine for these displaced persons in these refugee camps. What we should not do is endanger the American people and the safety of our children and our grandchildren. 
an oath to support and defend the Constitution against enemies, both foreign and domestic, and ISIS has already exploited this U.N. program to infiltrate Europe. We have a sworn duty to prevent foreign enemies from entering the United States and allowing them to become domestic enemies, particularly at taxpayer expense. The President’s plan and the current policy of the Refugee Resettlement Act defies all logic. 
I am sure that I will be criticized and 
attacked for making this speech and sharing these very disturbing facts with you today, but I am compelled by the oath of office that I took when I was sworn in as a Member of the United States Congress to put the safety and security of the American people above political correctness. 
I didn’t come to Congress to be politically correct. I came to uphold the U.S. Constitution and to protect our national security. Protecting our American way of life, the greatest experiment in liberty and freedom in all human history, is our highest calling as elected leaders of this great Nation. 
Those who criticize me for these remarks should instead turn their criticism toward those who are exploiting refugees and to the terrorists who are infiltrating these very refugees who are entering Europe and the United States. 
investigate the Federal Refugee Resettlement Program and to join me in calling for a moratorium on the President’s proposal while we fully examine the costs to the American taxpayer and the national security implications of his policies. 
Let us reassert our congressional authority over the refugee program and put the safety and security of the American people above all else. It is crucial that Congress take a look at the results of my proposed reassessment of the Refugee Resettlement Program, its cost to the American taxpayer, its threat to our national security, and its impact on our small towns and communities by passing H.R. 3314, the Resettlement Accountability National Security Act of 2015. 
THE HONORABLE FRANK M. JOHNSON, THE HIDDEN HAND OF JUSTICE 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the leadership for allowing us to have this time to discuss H. Con. Res. 84. This recognizes the works of 
of the civil rights movement, a lawyer par excellence, a great student of jurisprudence, and, I would daresay, he was the hidden hand of justice in the civil rights movement. 
just thank some additional persons. It is appropriate that I thank the six original cosponsors of this resolution. Of course, we would mention the Honorable ALCEE HASTINGS of Florida, and 
we thank him for signing on to this resolution. We also would like to thank the Honorable SHEILA JACKSON LEEof 
and I especially want to thank the Honorable TERRI SEWELL of Alabama, 
because Judge Johnson was from Alabama. She has signed on to this resolution, meaning that she has given her approval. I am grateful to her. She is a great, great Member of this body and has done quite well in representing the people of her district and, indeed, her State and her country. And, finally, the Honorable FREDERICA WILSON of 
Florida. All of these Members have signed on to this resolution honoring the Honorable Frank M. Johnson. 
was a unique person in American history, unique in that he was one of those people that made real the great and noble American ideals: liberty and justice for all; government of the people, by the people, for the people. He truly—he truly—made justice more than a word. It meant something to him, and, as a result, people were able to benefit from justice. Justice was more than a word for the Honorable Frank Johnson. 
was appointed to this Federal District Court by the Honorable President Dwight Eisenhower in November of 1955. After being appointed, he immediately had a very difficult case come before him. This is when we learned of the character of Frank M. Johnson. His character was such that he refused to allow himself to be intimidated. 
Over the course of his life, he had a 
cross burned on the lawn of his yard. Over the course of his life, and he lived for 80 years, his mother’s house was bombed. It was thought that it was his home. It was bombed by the KKK. He was a person who had, as a classmate in law school, Governor George Wallace. 
not have been predicted to be one of the most significant persons in the civil rights movement at the time he was appointed to the bench. There are people who, for whatever reasons, decide that they are going to do the just and honorable thing, and Frank M. Johnson was such a person. 
those who saw him as a threat to the way of life that existed at that time. They wanted to end his life because of his being perceived as a threat to their way of life. 
What is it about him that caused people to want to burn a cross on his lawn, that caused persons to bomb his mother’s house thinking that it was his? What was it about this man that caused people to believe that he was such a huge instrumentality that was moving the South in a direction that they did not want to see it move into? 
actually proved, Mr. Speaker, that Black lives matter. He proved that Black lives were as important as any other lives, that all lives matter, but he proved that Black lives matter by his decisions that he made. 
first decisions, Mr. Speaker, was a difficult one. It was a case that involved the bus boycott in Montgomery, Alabama. It was a case wherein Rosa Parks, the Alabama female of African ancestry, took a seat on a bus; and after taking that seat, she was required to move because, as others came on the bus who were White, she would have to move, as would any other Black person, and give White persons an opportunity to have seats on the bus. She would either have to move back or, if all of the other seats were filled, she would have to stand. She refused. 
Speaker, a civil rights movement was born in Montgomery, Alabama, and a protest movement was led by the Honorable Dr. Martin Luther King. As a result of this protest movement, many people galvanized. They came together, and they decided that they would not ride the buses and that they would transport themselves to and from work. 
Well, one might think that this boycott was the reason that the bus line was eventually integrated after about a year of protestations. But, Mr. Speaker, the hidden hand of justice was the Honorable Frank M. Johnson, because he, on a threejudge panel, concluded that the Brown decision, which applied to schools, should be applied to public accommodations, should be applied to public transportation. He convinced another judge to do so, and, as a result, they issued an order that desegregated the buses in Montgomery, Alabama. 
The protest movement was absolutely necessary, but he showed that Black lives mattered when he decided that he was going to stand for justice and that he was going to issue that order integrating the bus lines. 
Lightfoot, this is a case that invalidated the City of Tuskegee’s plan to dilute Black voting strength. 
Black voting strength to be diluted such that Blacks could not get representation. We were not represented in Congress to the extent that we are today. 
At that time, gerrymandering was almost commonplace to make sure that Blacks did not have the opportunity to represent constituents in city councils, and not only city councils, but in county government, as State Representatives, as State Senators, gerrymandering. 
Johnson that invalidated that plan that they had and ordered the redrawing of the lines. 
1961, literacy tests were required for Blacks, but they weren’t required for Whites. Blacks had to take the test, which was impossible to pass, in many cases. How many bubbles are there in a bar of soap, all sorts of ridiculous things, were required of Blacks. 
justice, the man who believed that Black lives mattered, required Black people be registered to vote to the same extent as the least qualified White person was registered to vote. Allowing Black people to register allowed more Black representation to manifest itself in the years that followed. 
1961, this case involved the Honorable JOHN LEWIS, who is now a Member of 
Congress. It involved protesting at a bus station. It involved being seated at a counter and involved desegregating the bus lines and the bus stations. JOHN 
It was the Honorable Frank M. Johnson that required the desegregation of the bus depots across the length and breadth of the country. By directly doing it in Montgomery, Alabama, it 
lives mattered to him, and he moved on it. He didn’t just believe it. He acted on his beliefs. 
In the case of Sims v. Frink, in 1962, 
this had to do with Alabama reapportioning. Alabama had not reapportioned since 1900. The lines had been left as they were because, by leaving them as they were, they could keep certain people from having a right to vote or having their vote really count in the scheme of one man, one vote. 
It was Frank M. Johnson who required that one man, one vote, principles be utilized, giving Black people a greater voice in voting. 
Education, in 1963, this was the first statewide desegregation of schools, and it happened in Alabama. It happened because Frank M. Johnson concluded that Black lives mattered. He ordered the desegregation of these schools, and it was the beginning of something that would spread across this country. 
the civil rights movement, but he did so with a pen from the bench. As a 
matter of fact, he did not wear a robe when he was on the bench and he did not have a gavel. He believed that, if you are a just judge and you are going to follow the law, you didn’t need the robe and you didn’t need the gavel. You just needed to follow the law. And he did so. 
He did so in the case of Williams v. 
Wallace. This is a landmark case in that it involved the Honorable Dr. Martin Luther King. 
at the Edmund Pettus Bridge. They assembled there for the purpose of marching from Selma to Montgomery. When they assembled at the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they decided that, in marching from Selma to Montgomery, they would assemble themselves at a church, and they marched from that church to the bridge. 
Pettus Bridge, you should do so because, as you do so, you will see that that bridge has an arch. As you move across the bridge, you can’t see from the start of your movement to the bridge what lies on the other side. 
Pettus Bridge were men, members of the constabulary. They were on horses. They had clubs. And these men on horses, with clubs, confronted the marchers, who were peaceful. They were unarmed. 
They were multiethnic in terms of their ethnicity. They were persons of goodwill who only wanted to exercise their freedom of movement to demonstrate, to move from one city to another, protesting the way African Americans were being treated in the South in terms of their voting rights, in terms of their inability to receive the same treatment as others under the law. 
Selma to Montgomery, when they encountered these officers with clubs, these officers beat them. 
of the march. He has said on many occasions that he thought he was going to die. 
the church where they started—all the way back to the church—blood on their heads, on their bodies, on the ground, on people, as they tried to flee and tried to fend for themselves against these members of the constabulary. 
march again, but this time they had gone to court and they had appeared before the Honorable Frank M. Johnson. He issued an order requiring the constabulary to get out of the way and allow the marchers to move from Selma to Montgomery. 
Sunday was followed by an order from the hidden hand of justice, the Honorable Frank M. Johnson. I would daresay that that order and that movement, that march, were the basis for 
a result, many people who are in Congress today are here because that march took place and because the Honorable Judge, the hidden hand of justice, Frank M. Johnson, signed an order requiring the constabulary to get out of the way. 
Mr. Speaker, is that it was issued by his classmate, whom I mentioned earlier, Governor George Wallace. Governor George Wallace and Frank M. Johnson were at constant odds with each other. They were at odds with each other not only as it related to this march, but as it related to the integration of schools. 
people in Alabama who were of goodwill who started to call Frank M. Johnson the real Governor of Alabama because he stood toe to toe with Governor Wallace and, in so doing, made real what the Governor had the opportunity to do, but refused to do. 
the hidden hand of justice in Alabama and the United States of America. 
Blacks should be allowed to and must serve on juries in Alabama. Black people have not always had the opportunity to serve, even when the law said they had the right to serve. 
As a result of not having the right to 
serve by virtue of the way people interpreted the law, they were denied service on juries. It was the Honorable Frank M. Johnson that permitted this to happen by his ruling. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 14 minutes remaining. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Frank M. Johnson, in making this ruling that allowed Blacks to serve on juries, was taking a giant step forward in that he was bringing Black people into the courthouse and they were now allowed to come right in and go right in and sit up front. 
able to go into the courthouse and sit on the front row. They haven’t always been respected when they have been in the courtroom. 
American lawyers referred to as ‘‘Boy’’ in the courtrooms of this country. 
American lawyers required to wait while White lawyers were being served. In my lifetime, I have seen some things that I am not proud of. 
changes take place, and many of these changes took place because of people like Frank M. Johnson, unsung heroes, people who have not received the kinds of accolades, the kinds of kudos, that they merit for the actions that they took and the bravery that they exhibited. 
at least one person who was an unsung hero gets the notoriety that he deserves. Of course, I am speaking of the Honorable Frank M. Johnson. 
ruled that the poll tax was unconstitutional, the poll tax. At one time, you had to pay a tax to vote. Unfortunately, that time has returned. 
now have a poll tax. That time has returned. Frank M. Johnson declared it unconstitutional, giving Black people the right to vote without having to pay a fee. 
Texas, we find now that, if you want to vote and you don’t have a license to carry a gun and you don’t have certain other IDs, well, you will have to then acquire an ID to vote. And while the State of Texas will provide at no cost a certain type of ID, these IDs are predicated upon your having proof of birth, a birth certificate. 
I took the test myself. I went to the 
polls to vote, and I went to the polls without my voter registration intentionally, I might add, and I voted a provisional ballot. 
I was given time to go out and acquire the proper identification. I did it knowing that I would bring the proper identification, and I did so. And I voted timely. But I did this because I wanted to see what does one go through to simply get a birth certificate. 
Well, I applied for my birth certificate. I was born in the State of Louisiana. I applied for it and, to this day, I have not received my birth certificate. This was about a year ago that I applied for it. I still have not received it from the State of Louisiana. I applied for it, paid the fee. 
Now, why am I saying it is a poll tax? 
Because in the State of Texas, if you get your birth certificate from the State of Texas, then there is a provision for indigent persons to acquire the certificate and the ID and you can do this without a fee. 
But if you are from out of state, you 
have got to pay that fee to that outof state agency to get your birth certificate so that you can get it to the State of Texas and you can get your ID. 
vote is a poll tax. No one should have to pay to vote, no one. Frank M. Johnson outlawed the poll tax in the State of Alabama. 
Frank M. Johnsons on the bench who will eventually outlaw the poll tax in the State of Texas because, to Frank M. Johnson, Black lives mattered. They mattered. 
who understand that invidious discrimination still exists, that people are finding clever ways to keep people from voting today, just as they did many, many years ago. b1945 
human dignity, civil rights is not over. There are still challenges before us. There are still people who are in high places who are making it difficult for people to vote. 
I thank God for the Frank M. Johnsons of the world who are willing to stand for justice and make it possible for people to have the same right to vote as other people have had in this country for many years. 
would say: ‘‘Well, you have got the right to vote; you ought to have an ID.’’ Well, I don’t have a problem with people having an ID. I do have a problem when you have to pay for that ID so that you can vote. Voting is separate, and it is sacred in this country. We ought not require people to have to pay a fee to acquire an ID so that they can vote. 
So he declared the poll tax unconstitutional in 1966. 
Montgomery, he ordered the desegregation of the Montgomery chapter of the YMCA. 
doors open to Blacks, and many of the institutions in this country who did open doors opened only the back door. I know. I have been to the back doors. I know what it is like to go to a bus station and have to go to the back door. I know what it is like to go to a food service establishment and have to go to the back door to get your food. I have been there. I know what it is like to travel across country and to have to pick your places to stop because in certain places it was known that you were not permitted to stop; and in those places where you were permitted to stop, you would have to use back doors a good amount of the time. 
like. I have seen the face of discrimination, and I understand how it hurts people. I understand the pain that is inflicted upon people. I am proud that we can now go through front doors because of judges like Frank M. Johnson, who had the courage to order the desegregation of public accommodation facilities in this country. I am so proud that there are unsung heroes who took a stand when others would simply conclude that this is not the right time, the country is not ready. 
could have taken the same position that Frank M. Johnson took, but they didn’t do so. It takes courage to do the righteous thing. Frank M. Johnson was a righteous person, and he had the courage to do the righteous thing. 
which required Alabama to hire one Black State trooper for every White State trooper, which was to be done until parity was achieved, it was the Honorable Frank M. Johnson that ordered this be done. 
Frank M. Johnson understood the necessity to have the DPS in Alabama 
that if you have a diverse police department, Department of Public Safety, that you are going to get people 
there who can help other people be better people. It was by doing this that we got more Blacks into the Department of Public Safety in Alabama and, as a result, across the country later on. He had the courage to do this because he knew that Black lives matter. 
Now, this is not to say that only a 
certain color of person is going to make a good peace officer, not true. People of all hues, of all ethnicities, of all races, of all creeds can make good peace officers. But there are some who are not good, and those have to be removed from their positions. You ought not have people who don’t respect all people, but especially at this time when we are seeing so many things happen to Black people, that don’t understand that Black lives matter. 
avoid speaking about what happened to that young girl in South Carolina. I think the sheriff did the right thing. He has removed that officer from his department. But there is something about that case that I think we need to talk about very briefly, tersely, this: If the camera’s eye had not been there, I conclude, I prognosticate, he would not have been fired. He would not have been fired without the camera’s eye. 
adults who were there, who saw what happened—two adults, one a teacher— said they thought the officer’s behavior was correct. They didn’t have a problem with the officer’s behavior. It was the eye of the camera, Mr. Speaker, that made the difference. The camera brings to us what we cannot acquire when we get people with conflicting stories about what happened. We had an opportunity to see for ourselves what happened. 
I have introduced the CAM TIP Act in this Congress, so that people across the length and breadth of this country can be protected who are officers. If they have the body camera on, you have the evidence of what occurred. Citizens are protected. Officers can’t have these frivolous charges made real. They will help both officers and citizens. 
They are not the panacea; they are not the silver bullet; they won’t be the end all; but they will be a means by which we will have additional evidence of what actually occurred. And many times that evidence is going to be much more potent, much more revealing than what people will say when they have conflicting stories. 
I believe we ought to do all that we 
can to help the municipalities, the police departments across the length and breadth of this country acquire these body cameras, because these body cameras will make a difference in the lives of people. 
but for the eye of the camera, I conclude we would have different results 
because you had two adults who proclaimed the actions of the officer to be appropriate. 
It was Frank M. Johnson who declared that there should be parity in the DPS in Alabama. 
It is the case of a 39yearold White female, Viola Liuzzo, who came down to Alabama to do what she thought was the righteous thing and help in the civil rights movement. She was murdered by the KKK. And after an informant in the KKK revealed the identities of the culprits, and when they were brought to trial with overwhelming evidence, in the first trial, there was a hung jury. In the second trial, an all White jury acquitted the officers. In the third trial, before the Honorable Frank M. Johnson, they were all found guilty, but they were not found guilty without the judge requiring the jury to deliberate at length. He may have been one of the first to give what is known as an Allen charge today, requiring the jurors to continue to deliberate notwithstanding their belief that they had exhausted all of their options. He required them to continue to deliberate; and, as a result, these three members of the KKK were found guilty. After having been found guilty, they were each sentenced to 10 years. 
brought to the attention of this august body, to the attention of our State of Texas, to the attention of the United States of America the many, many exploits positive of Frank M. Johnson. I pray that this resolution will pass in the Congress of the United States of America for this unsung hero who understood that Black lives matter. 
and I am honored that you were gracious enough not to remove me from the microphone. Thank you for the additional time. God bless you. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of attending a funeral. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3819. An act to provide an extension of 
Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, October 29, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2643. A bill to direct the Attorney General to provide State officials with access to criminal history information with respect to certain financial service providers required to undergo State criminal background checks, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–316, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2510. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and make permanent bonus depreciation; with an amendment (Rept. 114–317, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2510 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
The Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2643 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself and Mrs. T ORRES ): 
H.R. 3842. A bill to improve homeland security, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3843. A bill to authorize for a 7year 
period the collection of claim location and maintenance fees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Minerals Reclamation Foundation to encourage, obtain, and use gifts, devises, and bequests for projects to reclaim abandoned mine lands and orphan oil and gas well sites, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: 
H.R. 3845. A bill to amend the Federal Crop 
Insurance Act to repeal the changes regarding the Standard Reinsurance Agreement enacted as part of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
TIBERI , Mr. N EAL, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
Mr. K IND, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 3846. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. PETER SON, and Mr. H UNTER ): 
H.R. 3847. A bill to provide for reforms of 
the ExportImport Bank of the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3848. A bill to reaffirm and clarify the 
Federal relationship of the Burt Lake Band as a distinct federally recognized Indian Tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3849. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to ensure access to qualified acupuncturist services for military members and military dependents, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure access to acupuncturist services through the Department of Veterans Affairs, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of qualified acupuncturist services under the Medicare program; to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the appointment of qualified acupuncturists as officers in the commissioned Regular Corp and the Ready Reserve Corps of the Public Health Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Veterans’ Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. J ACKSON  
Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , 
protections and disclosures to consumers when financial products or services are related to the consumers’ military or Federal pensions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, Armed Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Health Service Act to authorize appointment of Doctors of Chiropractic to regular and reserve corps of the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3852. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Energy to conduct a study on the benefits of solar net energy metering, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
General with greater discretion in issuing Federal firearms licenses, and to authorize temporarily greater scrutiny of Federal firearms licensees who have transferred a firearm unlawfully or had 10 or more crime guns traced back to them in the preceding 2 years; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3854. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to require all political committees to notify the Federal Election Commission within 48 hours of receiving cumulative contributions of $1,000 or more from any contributor during a calendar year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 3855. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide each individual taxpayer a receipt for an income tax payment which itemizes the portion of the payment which is allocable to various Government spending categories; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3856. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a safe harbor for de minimis errors on information returns and payee statements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H. Con. Res. 88. Concurrent resolution reaffirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstone of United StatesTaiwan relations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
RUSSELL , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. P ALMER , 
STUTZMAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. W ALKER, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the State of Israel has the right to defend itself against Iranian hostility and that the House of Representatives pledges to support Israel in its efforts to maintain its sovereignty; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
sense of the of House of Representatives that the United States postal facility network is an asset of significant value and the United States Postal Service should take appropriate measures to maintain, modernize and fully utilize the existing post office network for economic growth; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
legacy, and example of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on the 20th anniversary of his death; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3842. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3843. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, clause 2 and Article I, 
H.R. 3844. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, clause 2 and Article I, 
H.R. 3845. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the United States Constitution, Congress has the authority to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3846. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. he Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3847. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3848. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 3 of the Constitution 
H.R. 3849. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article of the 
H.R. 3850. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 3851. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3852. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3853. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3854. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 4 of Article I of the Constitution: The times, places and manner of holding 
elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators. 
H.R. 3855. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce; as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3856. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 546: Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. W HITFIELD , and 
H.R. 703: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. T URNER and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M OONEY of West 
H.R. 1516: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
H.R. 1728: Mr. F ATTAH , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. K IND, Ms. E DWARDS , and 
H.R. 1814: Ms. M ENG, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
COOPER , and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2515: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. E MMER of 
H.R. 2657: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. 
H.R. 2660: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. S PEIER , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. R USH, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. V ARGAS and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 2880: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
FATTAH , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. D ANNY K. 
PLASKETT , Ms. B ASS, Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. H OLDING and Mr. D ANNY K. 
H.R. 2962: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G RAYSON , and 
H.R. 3183: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
H.R. 3216: Mr. O LSON and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3229: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T IPTON, and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. B LUMand Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3339: Ms. M OORE , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
H.R. 3399: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 3423: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. 
H.R. 3471: Ms. M CSALLY , Ms. K USTER , and 
H.R. 3488: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. R IGELL , and 
H.R. 3514: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. P INGREE . 
GROTHMAN , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3542: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3556: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P IERLUISI , and 
H.R. 3632: Ms. T SONGAS and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3658: Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3664: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3666: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
H.R. 3696: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas and Ms. 
H.R. 3751: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 3770: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. W ELCH . 
DELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. R OYBAL  
Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 3804: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
H.R. 3841: Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , 
H.J. Res. 70: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. B YRNE , 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L AMALFA , 
H.J. Res. 71: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. H UDSON , 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. H ARPER, Mr. L ONG, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. C RAMER , 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. H UDSON , 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. H ARPER, Mr. L ONG, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. C RAMER , 
H. Res. 32: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. P AYNE , and 
H. Res. 346: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S IRES, and Ms. F RANKEL of 
H. Res. 393: Mr. N ADLER and Ms. K ELLY of 
H. Res. 428: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. F ARR, and 
H. Res. 467: Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7551 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2015 No. 159 