to recognize a man who has literally walked the walk in support of our Nation’s wounded warriors. 
Albero, a former Naval officer and math teacher from Dunedin, Florida, recently completed an 86day, 1,150 mile walk from home plate at Steinbrenner Field in Tampa during a spring training game to home plate at Yankee Stadium in New York City. He 
did so to honor his fallen nephew. Richard’s nephew, Gary, worked at the World Trade Center and lost his life in the 9/11 attacks. 
Richard also chose to do something very special. He walked to raise money for the Wounded Warrior Project. His goal was to raise $25,000. 
Coast, which began on March 2, he went through six pairs of shoes. He suffered blisters on his feet and traveled over countless hills and endured the many elements, yet Richard never gave up. 
he completed his walk, arriving at Yankee Stadium to a cheering crowd. Along the way, Richard blew past his goal for raising money and raised $55,000 for the Wounded Warrior Project. 
be most proud and the Members of this body should be most proud as well as we reflect on and remember those who lost their lives and those who pay tribute to them today, those like Richard Albero. 
bless our men and women in uniform who protect us each and every day. And may God bless these United States. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
there is a tremendous crisis facing America, but it is not one you hear much about on Capitol Hill. It is killing hundreds of people a year, injuring thousands more. It is crippling America’s global standing, as we have fallen in the world ranking from number 1 down to 27 and falling further. It is having a profound effect on our global 
economic competitiveness, while costing American families hundreds of dollars a year in extra expenses. 
of American business and families by losing millions of hours that otherwise could be put to productive work, at exercise, or with their families, and on the job. 
would be cries of outrage and alarm and calls for action. You would see a flurry of action here on Capitol Hill. 
damage is the result of our very real infrastructure crisis, a crisis to which Congress has been indifferent at best and negligent at worse. 
crying need for infrastructure investment, Congress has been paralyzed, trying to pay for 2015 costs of infrastructure with 1993 dollars. Congress has not taken any systematic action since 1993, and the time has long since passed for action. 
of transportation finance is not a substitute for action. No nation became great building its infrastructure 9 months at a time. 
To be fair, there are people on Capitol Hill who do care about this and have proposed action: 
My friend and colleague PETER DEFAZIO, the ranking member on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, has proposed a barrel tax on petroleum. He has proposed a financial fee on transactions, both of which would go a long way toward solving this problem. 
RENACCI and B ILLPASCRELL have proposed a mechanism that would be a failsafe, that if Congress didn’t act to fund infrastructure, the gas tax would be indexed and increased. 
could be made available for infrastructure investment in the United States if it were returned for that purpose. 
dozen of my colleagues, that we simply bite the bullet and do what Ronald Reagan did in 1992—raise the gas tax for the 1st time in 22 years. 
this Congress, it was supported by the widest array of groups on any major contested issue on Capitol Hill. It was supported by the top echelons of business, of organized labor, of the building trades, construction companies, local government, transit, bicycles, truckers, AAA, all in alignment that Congress should step up and remedy this situation. 
who think about it. We need to have the same level of courage and urgency that has been shown by people at the State and local level where they don’t have the luxury of living in a Capitol Hill bubble. They have to deal with the consequences, and they have stepped up, 19 States since 2012—in fact, 6 States already this year. Idaho, Utah, Iowa, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Georgia, deep red States, have all raised the gas tax in 2015. 
and Means Committee will have its first hearing on transportation finance in the 56 months since my Republican colleagues took over. It is no substitute for Congress rolling up its sleeves and acting, but it is an important start. And I hope it will signify a fullcourt press in that committee to finally get down to cases and solve this problem. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms. Wanda Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 8 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
House with the spirit of understanding, which might lead them to their best judgment. We live in a world of human 
failure and broken promises; may they be tolerant of the faults of others because they are aware of their own shortcomings. 
diversity of opinions to be found here. Through honest dialogue and contemplative listening, may Your servants search all the avenues open to them to meet today’s challenges with integrity and justice. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the House approved part of a legislative package on trade promotion authority, or TPA. 
mischaracterizations of what TPA is. Every day I hear from constituents who want me to hold President Obama accountable. Well, TPA does just that by providing accountability to the 
President’s trade negotiation efforts through enhanced congressional oversight and additional transparency. The allegations that TPA is something for President Obama is false. 
more than 95 percent of the world’s customers live beyond U.S. borders, and 1.2 million jobs in North Carolina rely on trade with them. Traderelated employment in North Carolina grew 3.8 times faster than total State employment from 2004 to 2013. 
While I heard many different perspectives on TPA from my constituents, the argument from North Carolina families, farmers, and employers that negotiating these trade agreements is in the economic best interest of our State was a deciding factor for my vote 
past time for Congress to come together and pass a bold, bipartisan plan to rebuild our Nation’s infrastructure. 
times as a percentage of GDP what we are on infrastructure. They are making huge investments in roads, bridges, ports, and rail. Meanwhile, Congress has simply not acted to put us on a competitive path in this global economy. 
here in the last weeks and days about our position in global trade, and we should have a trade deal that protects American jobs. 
China outspending us on infrastructure, which makes us less competitive? How are we supposed to compete with them when we haven’t done anything to deal with our crumbling roads and bridges that are essential to making our manufacturers competitive in delivering their products to market? 
on infrastructure, like the development of a national infrastructure bank that would leverage public capital with private capital to rebuild our crumbling roads and bridges. 
action. There is bipartisan support for this. We need to bring a big infrastructure bill to the floor of the House. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. Speaker, a recent poll conducted by Robert Morris University reveals that 57.1 percent of Pennsylvanians support natural gas production and hydraulic fracturing, with nearly half 
saying they would welcome the industry into their hometown. This poll comes just 2 weeks after the Environmental Protection Agency released a report indicating that fracking poses ‘‘no widespread systemic harm to drinking water.’’ 
third largest natural gas producer in the Nation and continues to drive recordbreaking oil and natural gas production. The Marcellus shale, which extends through most of Pennsylvania, has grown from less than 2 billion cubic feet per day in 2007 to 16 billion in 2014 and has jolted Pennsylvania’s economy. 
As cochair of the bipartisan Congressional Natural Gas Caucus, I will continue to explore and promote best practices so that we can highlight the safety and the positive impacts of natural gas. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
as we celebrate national Men’s Health Week, I urge all Americans to take action to reduce health risks and prevent disease. It can be as simple as exercising, eating right, or setting up an appointment for a checkup. 
Braintrust chair to bring awareness to the critical state of Black men’s health and the need to expand educational opportunities and treatment options to reduce incidence of disease in communities of color. 
from many chronic and infectious diseases, many of which are preventible. Today, almost 40 percent of Black men are obese, which contributes to stroke, heart disease, and diabetes. In 2015, Black men were found to be twice as likely to die from prostate cancer as White men and have a higher incidence and death rate from colorectal cancer. Your skin color and ZIP Code shouldn’t determine your health outcomes. 
community engagement, we can reduce health inequities and provide a healthier and more prosperous life for all Americans. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act, that will be considered on the floor this week. 
what is known as the Affordable Care Act is trying to offset the trilliondollar price tag by imposing an arbitrary 2.3 percent tax on lifesaving medical devices, such as pacemakers and heart valves. It actually discourages the type 
of innovation that will improve our healthcare system for people needing these devices. 
our small businesses are finding it increasingly difficult to innovate, curtailing medical advancements and often delaying the availability of new treatments and cures for patients. I personally visited a number of these companies and understand how important their work is to improving our healthcare system. 
Taxing innovation is not a 21st century healthcare solution. This devastating tax is reported to have already caused a net loss of over 33,000 jobs. 
American families and small businesses deserve better, and the House is committed to advancing commonsense ideas to ease the burdens of the President’s healthcare law. H.R. 160 is one of those solutions. 
support of repealing this job and innovationkilling tax that only limits options for those who really need these lifesaving devices. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
we rally around the obvious in the need for criminal justice reform and, in essence, the rehabilitation of our criminal justice laws as we deal with the interaction of law enforcement and civilians, having a pathway for respect for both, one of the most forgotten aspects is dealing with the treatment of juveniles in the criminal justice system. 
weeks, to introduce a series of legislative initiatives that address that form of the criminal justice system, which we find, as parents and family members, touches all juveniles. 
One of the things that the bill recognizes is that a young person’s brain is still developing into his or her early twenties, and that those who commit crimes before this point should be treated differently by the criminal justice system. 
The purpose of this effort is to improve the treatment of young offenders within the Federal criminal justice system and to put them on a path toward successful reentry by providing options for the sentencing judges: a safety valve for young offenders which would, in essence, break through the mandatory minimum; an early release for young offenders; and, particularly, alternatives such as massive use of home arrest. 
on the wrong path. Let’s not celebrate that wrong path and force them to live that wrong path. Let’s save their lives. AXING THE TAX 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today on behalf of the estimated 145 million Americans who are at risk of losing their employersponsored healthcare insurance due to an excise tax included in the President’s healthcare law. Beginning in 2018, employers will be required to pay a 40 percent tax on their employees’ healthcare plans due to ObamaCare. 
I am already hearing from constituents back home who hear from their employers and employees alike that are preparing for this devastating tax by looking at increasing deductibles, reducing benefits, and shifting costs to consumers and property taxpayers alike. This tax is set to cost New Hampshire’s largest city, Manchester, over $5 million. 
Americans simply can’t afford another costly tax, and that is why I introduced H.R. 879, a bill to repeal the socalled Cadillac tax. As we prepare to vote on a series of healthcare bills this week, I urge my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring this commonsense bill. 
H.R. 879 is a win for employers. It is 
also a win for municipalities. And, most importantly, it is a win for all those hardworking Americans who expected the President to keep his promise that, if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it. 
legislative days, the charter of the ExportImport Bank will expire. 
The ExIm Bank has proven an important tool in expanding U.S. exports and creating American jobs. It has done that with bipartisan support at zero cost to the taxpayers. 
I would like to mention two companies in particular that have received support from the ExIm Bank: Able Industrial Products in Ontario and Desiccare in Pomona. These aren’t giant, faceless corporations. They are very small businesses that provide jobs for the Inland Empire residents. 
competitive, and the ExIm Bank is helping to level the playing field for American companies. If my colleagues truly want to protect U.S. jobs and U.S. workers, we can’t afford to let the ExIm Bank expire. It is time to allow a vote. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to pay tribute to Dorella Alexis Anderson, a resident of Riverside, California, who passed away last month. 
worked at the Riverside Community Settlement Association, which provided a number of services for residents in the Eastside area of Riverside. 
African American Historical Society, Dorella worked to preserve the rich African American history in Riverside. She worked on numerous charitable endeavors in Riverside, including Toys for Tots, and gave back to the community in countless ways. 
grandmother, a greatgrandmother, a sister, an aunt, and a friend. Her dedication toward our community cements her legacy as one of our greatest residents. She will be missed. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the International Air Transport Association recommended a new guideline that would reduce the size of carryon luggage. The new carryon size limit is 21 percent smaller than the size currently permitted by most major domestic airlines. 
have already adopted the new size limits, and the trade association is suggesting more airlines will be adopting it soon. If implemented by our domestic carriers, this will force consumers to spend more on checked baggage fees and/or purchase new luggage to meet this new guideline. 
are tired of getting squeezed by airlines, both physically and fiscally. The seats are smaller, the legroom is less, the prices are more, and the profits are more. 
on Freedom Act. The bill would prohibit airlines who charge for checked baggage from reducing the size of carryon baggage from the current size standards and would protect consumers from even more cost to travel. I urge my colleagues to stand up for consumers and pass the Carryon Freedom Act. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
prostate cancer is a national epidemic, the most common cancer in men. One in seven men will be diagnosed, with more than 220,000 new cases each year, and 28,000 men will die from prostate cancer this year. Prostate cancer, Mr. Speaker, disproportionately impacts African American men, who have the highest prostate cancer rates of any racial or ethnic group. Black men are twice as likely to be diagnosed with prostate cancer, nearly 2
Prostate Cancer Plan Act along with Congressmen MIKE MCCAUL, E LIJAH  
CUMMINGS , and W ALTER JONES . The bill 
would establish the National Prostate Cancer Council and direct them to develop and implement a national strategic plan to accelerate the innovation of diagnostic tools to improve early detection and reduce unnecessary treatment. 
Many of us have either been personally affected by this disease or have lost a loved one. Enactment of this bill would be a giant step forward in our battle to combat this treatable disease so that men can live longer and healthier. 
My bill, Mr. Speaker, has been endorsed by the American Urological Association, American Medical Association, Prostate Cancer Foundation, ZERO, and PCRI. 
join me in this effort by cosponsoring H.R. 2730. 
American people have spoken. I join over 1 million Americans who voted in an online poll conducted by Women on 20s, a nonprofit grassroots organization, to put a woman on the $20 bill. 
To celebrate the amazing achievements of women throughout our history, I introduced the legislation to Put a Woman on the Twenty Act, H.R. 2147, which would empower the Secretary of Treasury to put a woman on the face of a $20 bill as soon as possible. 
paper currency in this country, no woman has ever held the honor of being featured on paper money, and I would say to Secretary Lew that you need look no further than the people’s choice winner, Harriet Tubman, for inspiration. In her words, ‘‘Every great dream begins with a dreamer.’’ In her dreams, she always had a vision. More than ever, my vision is a redesign of the $20 bill. 
join me and support putting a woman on the $20 bill. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to congratulate the Guam men’s national soccer team, Team Matao, as they lead group D in the second round of the FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers. It was a David versus Goliath moment yesterday when Team Matao defeated India with a 2–1 victory. This follows Team Matao’s 1–0 victory over Turkmenistan last week. 
I congratulate Guam Football Association President Richard Lai, coach Gary White, and all of Team Matao on their great victory. Biba Guam. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today for myself and on behalf of my colleague Congresswoman LOIS 
FRANKEL to honor one of south Florida’s most respected leaders in higher education. 
Dr. Dennis Gallon is retiring as president of Palm Beach State College. Under his watch, Palm Beach State College has become the eighthlargest producer of associate degree graduates in America. From expanding STEM education programs coveted by local employers to creating an honors college for highachieving students, Palm Beach State College flourished under Dr. Gallon’s leadership. 
Just last year, the United States Department of Education reported that Palm Beach State College offers the sixthlowest tuition rates nationwide. Dr. Dennis Gallon’s commitment to highquality, affordable higher education is truly admirable, and his tenure as president of Palm Beach State College deserves our praise and gratitude. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, there are just 6 more working days before the ExIm Bank expires, and given the critical importance of this program, I thought it would be useful to provide a quick index of hard numbers showing what this would mean to the United States economy: 
Sixty—the number 60. That is the approximate number of ExIm credit agencies that are competing with us around the world that are waiting for our Bank to expire so they can grab that American export business. 
businesses that are supported right now by the ExIm Bank, helping them to export their goods and provide jobs. 
164,000. That is the number of American jobs that are provided right now this year by the ExIm Bank that we would lose immediately. 
1.3 million. That is the number of private sector jobs that have been created by the Bank since 2009, with no additional cost to the American taxpayer. In fact, it makes money to help us pay down our debt. 
gain by killing our Bank. Zero. We don’t get the revenue. We don’t get the jobs. We don’t get to export our goods. Let’s renew it. 
come to the floor of the House with a heavy heart. This past weekend, the city of Lynn lost a dedicated public servant, a tireless local volunteer, and an inspiring advocate for the people of our community. Domenic D’Ambrosio, known by many as Dom, was loved by many for his uncanny ability to connect with people. Whether they were old friends or someone he was meeting for the first time, Dom’s compassion for others was contagious, encouraging all of us to be better members of our community. 
Congress is at an alltime low, Dom’s belief in this institution and the power of the democratic process could not have been stronger. I thank him for bringing a reinvigorating energy to our Nation’s political dialogue and for reminding us why we are so fortunate to have a free and democratic government, and why we should all take part in making it better. 
wife, Kelly, his family, and friends. The Sixth District of Massachusetts lost a true champion, but I know that his legacy will live on through our shared commitment to public service. Dom, you will be missed. 
the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of June as Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Approximately 340,000 Texans and 5.4 million Americans currently have Alzheimer’s disease. One in nine Americans over 65 is projected to develop Alzheimer’s, and it is the sixthleading cause of death in the United States. 
Americans will lead to a corresponding rapid growth in the prevalence of Alzheimer’s disease. The devastating emotional and financial impact of this debilitating disease is known by too many. My motherinlaw battled this disease, so I know firsthand how difficult it can be for patients and their loved ones. I strongly support efforts to advocate 
and raise awareness and robust funding for research to find treatments and cure for this disease. Congress has a real opportunity to dramatically impact the lives of millions of Americans by funding research and outreach programs for Alzheimer’s. 
recognizing the month of June as Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Together we can help turn the world purple for Alzheimer’s, and by doing so, promote care, support, and research of this terrible disease. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to urge Republican leadership to stop blocking the will of the House and immediately call for a vote to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank, set to expire June 30. 
chairman of the ExIm Bank, in my district to tour Innova Technologies, a leader in civilstructural engineering and one of 32 Nevada companies working with the Bank. At a time when our local economy was fighting to recover from the recession and unemployment was rampant, the Bank provided critical support that allowed Innova not just to survive but nearly double its workforce. 
164,000 jobs and reduced the Federal deficit by $675 million. In Nevada, it helped increase our export value by $165 million. Now is the time for a longterm reauthorization to renew, reenergize, and reform the Bank so it can continue supporting businesses and creating jobs in Nevada and across the country. 
CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 55, REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES FROM IRAQ AND SYRIA 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order at any time to consider H. Con. Res. 55 in the House if called up by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs or his designee; that the concurrent resolution be considered as read; and that the previous question be considered as ordered on the concurrent resolution to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question, except for 2 hours of debate equally divided among and controlled by Representative ROYCE of 
New York, and Representative M CGOVERN of Massachusetts or their respective designees. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate passed S. 565. With best wishes, I am 
OF H.R. 2596, INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 315 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
XX, further proceedings on the recorded vote ordered on the question of reconsideration of the vote on the question of concurring in the matter comprising the remainder of title II of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314 may continue to be postponed through the legislative day of Thursday, July 30, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on House Resolution 315, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring forward today this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. This rule provides for a robust amendment debate on a wide variety of issues related to the authorization of funds for 16 intelligence agencies. 
This rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 2596, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. The Rules Committee met on this measure yesterday evening and heard testimony from both the chairman of the committee and the ranking member, in addition to receiving amendment testimony from multiple Members. 
committee is a structured rule. There were 29 amendments in total submitted to the Rules Committee. Of those 29, I am pleased that the full House will debate and vote on 16 of those amendments, over half that were submitted. 
made in order are bipartisan, a fact demonstrating the unity of this body in advancing funds that will go directly to fighting against terrorism proliferation and weapons of mass destruction. ‘‘To provide for the common defense’’ 
is a common phrase to us all, and one that clearly sets forth the more basic responsibility of our government, a responsibility that the members of the Rules Committee, the Intelligence Committee, and, yes, I believe the entire House do not take lightly. 
This rule provides for 1 hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. 
As most of the intelligence budget involves highly classified programs, all Members were given the opportunity to review the classified annexes to the underlying legislation prior to Rules Committee consideration. 
section 2 of the rule provides that the motion to reconsider the vote on Trade Adjustment Assistance, or title II of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, may continue to be postponed through Thursday, July 30, 2015. 
allow House and Senate leadership, in addition to the President, sufficient time to consider legislative options related to this action on trade promotion authority and Trade Adjustment Assistance. 
by the Intelligence Committee to advance this vitally important legislation whose consideration is provided for by this rule. 
want to ensure Members are aware of because I believe they speak to the overwhelming awareness the Intelligence Committee possesses of the responsibility of Congress to protect this Nation from terrorism, and also of our unwavering fidelity to the United States Constitution. 
legislation provides that the authorization of appropriations by this act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity that is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
elements of the executive branch to provide Congress with timely notifying requirements on key intelligence activities. Congressional notification requirements generally remain a vitally important mechanism to ensure that Congress is able to conduct robust oversight. 
the intelligence community are even more essential, given the classified and delicate nature of the situations our intelligence agencies face every day. 
the decisionmaking factors that go into such classification have historically been an area of great interest and, at times, concerns by Members of this body and the citizens that we represent. 
interest by Members and the public at large, in the Intelligence Committee’s 
report on H.R. 2596, they specifically state that the committee ‘‘seeks to improve its visibility into the classification process and better understand how the intelligence community determines the classification level of especially sensitive reporting and analysis.’’ 
committee carries out this goal by directing the Director of National Intelligence to provide, within 60 days of the enactment, a report to the congressional intelligence committees outlining each instance in the past 5 years that the Office of Director of National Intelligence or any other entity within the executive branch directed an element of the intelligence community to begin disseminating existing uncompartmented intelligence reporting or analysis through a compartment or subcompartment. 
This requirement is just one of several additional reporting requirements in the legislation to serve to enhance Congress’ role in and understanding of the classification process, again, emphasizing Congress’ oversight role. The committee has done a good job in clarifying that. 
The underlying legislation also directs the Central Intelligence Agency to provide the congressional intelligence committees with all intelligence reports based on the documents collected in the May 1, 2011, raid that killed Osama bin Laden. 
constant and evolving threats from terrorist groups like al Qaeda, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, and ISIS. These groups successfully use the Internet to anonymously build their resources, both human and financial. 
maintain and enhance their ability to counter extremists online. By understanding how and where terrorist groups operate, we can more effectively fight for freedom at home and abroad. I am pleased to see strong provisions in the legislation that will further this goal. 
These provisions that I have just spoken of are just a few examples of the thoughtful and difficult work the Intelligence Committee undertook to bring forward this legislation that authorizes critical national security functions while staying within the funding constraints of the Budget Control Act, or BCA. 
Committee and their staff for their hard work on the authorization measure. 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman, my friend from Georgia, for yielding the customary 30 minutes for debate. 
consideration of H.R. 2596, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, as well as provides that the 
motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the Trade Adjustment Assistance measure may continue to be postponed until the end of the legislative day on July 30. 
First, I commend the efforts of Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member 
with largely bipartisan support that provides our Nation’s intelligence community with the resources they need to keep us safe. Our national security relies on the continued strength of our intelligence community. 
As we face ongoing security challenges both at home and abroad from threats such as ISIL, lone wolf attacks, the emergence of cybercrime, as well as the specter of unknown challenges that may be awaiting us, a strong intelligence apparatus is of the utmost importance. 
those challenges. Specifically, this bill supports investments in cuttingedge technology like spy satellites, enhances our Nation’s human intelligence capabilities, provides resources to safeguard valuable signals intelligence collection, and partners with our foreign allies to maximize the reach of our intelligence efforts. 
This investment in our country’s intelligence infrastructure comes at a critically important time. As you know, the Office of Personnel Management recently suffered a disastrous breach. Hackers were able to target OPM and gain access to personnel data, including employees’ names, addresses, Social Security numbers, and numerous other personal details. 
houses the applications and files submitted by those applying for security clearances, with data going back until 1985. These files were compromised as well, leading some experts to argue that the compromise of these files could have tremendous negative effects for our human intelligence gathering capabilities. 
These cyber attacks represent a critical threat to our national security. We all love the convenience that technology provides us, but we must also be prepared to invest in technologies that will protect us from those who wish to sabotage our security in the virtual world. It is time for the OPM to implement and abide by best practices so that we never face a data breach like the one we saw last week. 
a role in securing our virtual infrastructure, we should work as quickly as possible to ensure that our employees and our most sensitive material are not needlessly exposed to those who wish to do us harm. 
strong national security protections this authorization provides, I am extremely disappointed yet again in how my Republican colleagues have skirted the fiscal cuts imposed by sequestration in order to fund the things that they care about, while ignoring the effects such foolheaded cuts have on the 
vital domestic programs that they don’t seem to care about. We have people hurting all over this Nation because of this irresponsible and senseless policy of sequestration. 
policy as an important tool to rein in outofcontrol government spending; yet, when sequestration affects programs and areas of the budget they care about, they magically get around this dilemma by using accounting gimmicks. 
here in this measure. The majority has yet again used the overseas contingency operations account to evade sequestration spending caps. 
wanted to evade spending caps for the Department of Education so that we can get around sequestration and properly educate our children? Or if they could use accounting tricks to get around sequestration to fully fund and repair our crumbling infrastructure? Or if they were also inclined to use their budgetary magic to get around sequestration caps to properly fund critically important agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency so that our children and grandchildren can continue to have access to clean water and clean air? 
standard, using tricks to get around spending caps on things you like to spend money on and then cry, ‘‘sequester, sequester,’’ on things you don’t like to spend money on. 
plan to rein in government spending. That is just spending taxpayer money on things you deem worthy of unfettered spending and ignoring programs, for political reasons, that you don’t even like, even though such programs remain vital to our country’s success. 
aisle have taken issue with the detention facility in Guantanamo Bay since day one; I certainly have. Once again, the Republicans look to continue the operation of this prison, when we should be working to bring about its orderly closure. 
country dedicated to the rule of law, as a country that inspires people the world over to work for and even die for the establishment of democratic rule, we are better than this prison. This prison is an exercise in Kafkaesque justice, which has long worked to undermine our standing with our allies and helped terrorist organizations recruit more and more fighters. 
Look, I don’t think that anyone is arguing that, if we close the prison, then the myriad terrorist groups who use it as a recruiting tool will no longer have people joining their ranks, but it would be one less arrow in their quiver. 
For that reason, we need to work together to close the prison as quickly as possible. In doing so, we will not jeopardize the safety of our country, but will act more fully to reflect our commitment to democracy and the rule of law. 
the judiciary, that our justice system is more than capable of handling the prosecution of terrorists, no matter where they are, including those held in Guantanamo Bay. 
Reid, Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, Faisal Shahzad, and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev—the Boston bomber—and we have either sentenced them to death or life imprisonment in our most secure prisons. 
meeting, my friends on the other side of the aisle decided to make a last minute change to today’s rule—or, I might add, to further pollute today’s rule. That lastminute change allows for the postponement of the motion to reconsider TAA. 
Over the course of my tenure in Congress, I voted to support thousands of pieces of legislation. In the 20plus years that I have served in this body, I can think of only three votes which I deeply regret making, and one of those was in support of NAFTA. 
NAFTA a decrease in American jobs, a rollback of critical environmental protections here and in Mexico, where I was promised that the environmental circumstances in the maquiladoras would be cleaned up and they were not and a stagnation of wages that has prevented the financial upward mobility of working class and middle class Americans and has ground poor Americans into poverty beyond belief. 
that is worthy of future generations, then we must ensure that that policy strengthens, not weakens, labor rights. It must strengthen, not weaken, environmental protections. It must ensure other countries’ responsibility to adhere to basic human rights. It must expand and strengthen our middle class, not squeeze hardworking Americans in favor of corporate interests. 
today is part of a trade package that does nothing to bolster these important priorities. 
again, I take issue with the manner in which these important measures are being considered. Legislation as important as the ones at hand deserve an open and transparent process where Members of both parties and both Houses of Congress may debate and offer amendments as they please. 
by our Founding Fathers to serve as a safeguard to democracy, continues to be eroded by the majority’s insistence on grouping multiple, unrelated bills together under one rule and limiting the number of amendments that can be made in order, as well as the time available for debate. 
night. For example, Congresswoman SPEIER offered whistleblower protection, not made in order. My colleague Representative SCHWEIKERT from Arizona and I offered a very sensible measure under the intelligence provision to allow for us, as a sense of Congress only, to say that we will participate with Tunisia’s intelligence operation in a more pronounced manner—totally innocuous, but at the very same time, helping a country that may very well make the bridge to democracy and certainly has been an ally in intelligence—and a needed one, in light of the number of people that come up from north Africa through Tunisia and wind up fighting in the Middle East. 
If we are truly to operate as the deliberative body the U.S. House of Representatives was created to function as, we must do more to ensure that our Nation’s most critical pieces of legislation are afforded the time and consideration they rightly deserve. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Florida. One of the things that I, coming on to the Rules Committee, have found is really the vigorous debates that we do have—and the gentleman from Florida, we have had many of those, and that is a good place for it. 
It is a good place for it also here on 
the floor to discuss what really, as was focused on very clearly, is a rule for a bill, and then there is a procedural issue that we are extending the TAA reconsideration until July 30. I am understanding what he is saying, but I do want to make Members clear that is what is happening. 
for a process that is open. Sixteen amendments are going to be made in order, and they are going to be debated right here on the floor of this House and voted. I think that is what the Republican majority is focused on. 
I want it to be clear, Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman brings up a point. It is about priorities. It is about priorities. When we are dealing with authorizations and spending bills, is what we are dealing with in the majority here, we have made it very clear, I believe, from the Republican majority standpoint, although I personally and others may have discussions on how we use overseas contingency funds, and those have been debated on this floor and should be continued to be debated on this floor. 
are doing, and I believe, from our perspective, is we are putting priorities first—priorities for national defense; securing our national interest; and in light of this bill, making sure that our country is safe, abroad and here, from attacks from people who don’t like us. I don’t buy the argument—and the 
debate on Guantanamo is a different issue—but the argument that if we closed it up, it takes away one recruiting piece. I am sorry. Boko Haram, al Qaeda, these others do not hate us only because of a prison; they just hate us because we are free. They hate us because we have a society that is open. 
to have, but let’s make it crystal clear. There was no Guantanamo when they rammed planes into our World Trade Center. There was no Guantanamo at that time. They just don’t like us. Let’s make that very clear. 
Funding is appropriate. We will debate those entirely upon this House and continue to. The Republicans will still look out for jobs and those working in the middle class, and those that are trying to find their families’ priorities in their own economic sphere and looking at it in a country that is in debt and trying to make sure we make good fiscal decisions. 
Our priorities are that we help businesses start, we encourage the creation of jobs, not a government strangulation of jobs, and that is what resources do. 
though. This is about our intelligence community. This is a rule that supports an authorization coming from a very difficult community that does a very difficult job. We are supporting a rule that funds those agencies so that it keeps us safe and does the things that keeps America free. That is the continued argument that we will continue to have. 
debates that we want to have here, but let’s be focused. This rule is about that. It is also about a policy decision or a procedural decision in this rule. 
time, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). 
on Trade Adjustment Assistance failed in the House of Representatives last Friday by a 3–1 margin; yet this rule today would extend the revote on Trade Adjustment Assistance through the end of July. This is one more attempt to play games with the future of hardworking families. 
deserve respect. They deserve a living wage and the right not to have their jobs shipped overseas. That is what we are united in fighting for. 
A vote for this rule is a vote for fast 
track. A vote for fast track is a vote against jobs and against wages. 
failing American workers, failing American consumers and families for 20 years. 
The U.S.Korea Free Trade Agreement has already cost up to 75,000 jobs, and it was just passed 3 years ago. Up to 5 million jobs have been destroyed by currency manipulation; and a number of the signatories to this trade agreement, their policy is to manipulate their currency to have their goods sold at a lower price than American goods, putting American workers out of jobs and lowering their wages. 
in Economics, has written: ‘‘Inequality is not inevitable. It is a choice that we make with the rules that we create to structure our economy.’’ 
If we approve fast track, we throw away our ability, our constitutional authority to represent the people who sent us here in good faith. We throw away that ability to be able to fix the flaws in the trade agreement, like the TransPacific Partnership, to the detriment of millions of American families. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this rule. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
time, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
sent a strong message to the Fast Trackers: Not so fast. 
leaders were telling the world that, at this moment, we would be voting to approve Fast Track; but now, the Fast Trackers have become backtrackers, pushing back the vote. 
postponement in this rule of up to 6 weeks is that they do not have the votes to approve Fast Track today, and the only way they can get those votes today is to use this strange shenanigan of connecting it and cloaking it in a rule for the authorization of our intelligence agencies. 
official said those who ‘‘vote against this Trade Adjustment Assistance are adding their names to the death certificate for [it].’’ Well, let’s play it straight for a change. TAA is not authorized now. It expired last year. Its future depends, not upon this authorization, but upon an adequate level of funding. 
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act, and many more have not been authorized for years, but they continue to operate perfectly well, based upon appropriated funds. This TAA argument is phony. 
Really, it doesn’t take much intelligence to see what is happening here. These FastTrackers are desperate, and this postponement vote for this extent, of this nature, is unprecedented in the history of this Congress. It has never happened before in American history that someone has asked to postpone a vote for up to 6 weeks. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
that means. Understand that they are looking for the ideal time—morning, noon, or night—to muscle through a broken trade policy that a majority of this House and of the American people do not want. 
at any time of day can come with no notice, no debate, and say, we are voting to send this bill to the President’s desk. 
trade assistance but the nocompromise, noamendment attitude on trade that gives us broken trade policies. 
Don’t change the precedents of the House. Don’t let this be muscled through. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), my good friend. 
Speaker, ladies and gentlemen, what is about to happen on this floor with this rule is a direct violation of the United States Constitution; for in the United States Constitution, it clearly says that the United States Congress shall have the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations.’’ And in this rule is a clear violation of that. 
We already voted it down overwhelmingly 302–126, Republicans and Democrats. It was the foremost bipartisan vote in this 21st century, the very thing that the American people are crying for. 
and Thomas Jefferson and James Madison all agree? Very strong, very independent minds. Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson could hardly bear to be in the same room with each other, but they agreed on this because they knew that every State had Representatives in Congress to look out for jobs that could be shipped overseas. This is the primary reason, ladies and gentlemen. 
country has lost over 2 million manufacturing jobs to China as a result of the China deal. Over 150,000 jobs to 
Mexico. Yes, it created jobs—not in the United States. And what kind of jobs? These are jobs that impacted at the lower and middleincome levels of our economy. It is the middle class that is the heart and the soul of America. 
vote. Congress, I am asking you, the American people are asking you: Do what Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson and James Madison asked us to do, and let it be the Congress that regulates commerce with foreign nations. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ). 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, intelligence is critical to our national security. It should not be besmirched by a controversial and unrelated procedural shenanigan, unprecedented in the annals of the House of Representatives. 
United States, It is time to play it straight. TAA and TPA, that package was voted on. It was defeated. We are done. Play it straight. 
new package. Bring it to the floor of the House. See if it has a majority. That is playing it straight. 
vote we took last week is being held in nevernever land to be revoted on as late as the end of July. That is right. Early June votes tabulated in late July. 
If you are against unprecedented shenanigans, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. If you are for playing it straight, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. If you are against TAA, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. If you are against TPA, if you are against fast track, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
If you vote for an unprecedented procedural shenanigan, an unprecedented procedural mutation today, you can be sure it will be used against you and your district and your beliefs tomorrow. And if you are not against fast track, you should be because it gives an enormous gift to China, and we get nothing in return. 
China’s number one tactic for running up the largest trade surplus against us in history is currency manipulation. This deal that is put on the fast track enshrines the view that currency manipulation is just fine. Go to it. A giant gift to China. 
In addition, the rules of origin provisions say that goods that the manufacturer admits are 50 or 60 percent made in China—which means actually 70 or 80 percent made in China—get fast tracked into the United States. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
focus back on the rule and the underlying bill and the procedural issue that has been discussed. It is out in the open. It was not snuck in or anything else. It has been there and has been discussed. 
But also, I want to get back to the 
fact of the rule, itself, which is stand alone. We are going to be voting on an intelligence bill. We are going to have a debate on an intelligence bill. 
fight terrorism and counter the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. That is a separate bill. This is what we are going to be discussing. It has funds to assist our efforts to recover unauthorized disclosures of intelligence capabilities. It sustains activities in Afghanistan and Iraq to continue the fight against ISIS, al Qaeda, and the Taliban. It invests in the resiliency of our national security space architecture. It provides policy discretion on sensitive intelligence operations. It promotes intelligence integration and sharing through investment in intelligence communitywide information technology enterprises. It enhances investment in military intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance aircraft. It funds initiatives to thwart cyber attacks and insider threats. And it requires a report every 60 days on foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq. 
that we are discussing. And I just wanted to make a reminder of that. As we have discussions on different parts of this rule, let’s be reminded also that we are dealing with a standalone bill that we will work. 
the things that the gentleman from Georgia said are in the measure are true. But does he also agree that it is unprecedented that we have included a measure to delay an alreadyvotedon rule? Never before has that been done. 
Or to your knowledge, has it been? Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Well, I 
think it is a fact that it is a part of this rule. The gentleman from Florida states it in whatever adjectival terms he wants to give. But it is in the rule. We have not made it secretive that it is part of this rule. And we can discuss either part. 
I will just simply focus on the intelligence part. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding and for the astute question that he asked, which is one that I would like to follow up on. 
Mr. Speaker, let me say to the gentleman from Georgia that he is quite right. There are very serious and important components of the intelligence bill covered by this rule. 
the last couple of days, we are in and out of intelligence and security briefings because that is the era in which we live. And in most instances, Members draw their concern from the responsibility they have for protecting the American people. 
I am on the Homeland Security Committee and have continued on that committee since the tragedy, the heinous act of 9/11, and before, when the 
have no quarrel with some of the important elements of this legislation. But the gentleman from Georgia should recognize that this is an aberration. 
getting rid of the sequester. This joke was played on Members and the American people only because of the supercommittee—not because of any individual Members, but there was a supercommittee structure put in place, the time ran out, and they could not come to a budget conclusion. So this was the ultimate end. Members didn’t vote on this. They voted on the supercommittee, and then this was the hatchet that fell when the supercommittee did not work. So sequester should be something that Speaker BOEHNER puts on 
And the reason why I say that is because I am going to talk about the shenanigans dealing with the trade bill. But what I am going to say is that the overseas contingency fund is being used to bolster up this bill, the intelligence bill. But I can’t get those resources to be utilized for infrastructure or summer jobs or fixing the education system that we have responsibilities for or providing opportunities for young people to finish their education or criminal justice reform. So this is being 43 percent pumped up when used by funds that are not in the stream. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
funding that other appropriators have to utilize. That is wrong. 
Then I might conclude on the shenanigans of the trade fix, if you will. I am for TAA, the Trade Adjustment Assistance. I want it to be voted on straight up or down, like many Members do, to provide for workers and not have, unfortunately, the addition that was added coming from the other body. So now we know that, whatever shenanigans that will come up, it probably won’t be in the way that will help American workers. 
voted down because we need an opportunity to work on behalf of the American workers, to get rid of sequester, and to find a way to move this country forward. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
the membership of this body that if they vote against this rule, it doesn’t mean that we would not have an intelligence authorization. It simply would mean that those of us—my friend from Georgia and myself—would have to go back to the Rules Committee and fashion a rule that does not include an unprecedented matter that should not be in this Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 in the first place. 
things that were sought to be included, if we were going to include the TAA measure, then the ranking member, Ms. SLAUGHTER , proposed on behalf of 
the minority that we also include a vote on the TransPacific Partnership, TPP, for the reason, one, TAA was overwhelmingly—3–1—defeated; TPP passed by a very thin margin. 
So if we are going to twist arms and 
find methodologies to employ to try to change the minds of Members over a 6 week period of time, then perhaps it would be those of us who are opposed to the measure would have an opportunity to try to persuade some of those people who caused the thin margin of it to pass on TPP. We felt that was a fairness measure. At least if you were going to include it, that should have been included as well. 
Before proceeding, Mr. Speaker, perhaps I should learn how much time each side has at this time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida has 4
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. 
time, I am waiting for one additional speaker, but perhaps I can engage in a colloquy with my colleague from Texas. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
the Intelligence Committee and on the Rules Committee. There is reason to authorize intelligence, but am I correct it has nothing to do with this sneak attack to put in a postponement that has never been done in American history, where never has anyone sought to delay for 6 weeks the consideration of this bill that we are doing today; isn’t that correct? 
Mr. HASTINGS. I think you are absolutely correct, and it is unprecedented. At the very same time, as my friend from Georgia pointed out, they have done so transparently by putting it here, but that does not mean it would not be used at some point in the future. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Does this rule provide any notice to Members of the House, or can this be entirely a surprise attack? Can they come out here on the floor at any time, perhaps when the floor is as empty as it is now, and give no notice to the Members of the House that they are about to move to send this bill to the President’s desk, have absolutely no debate on that rule, but then have a vote here, perhaps a day when some Members are out on important business in their district, basically picking the best time because they are so desperate to force through 
a bill that they know a majority of this House does not support and that the American people don’t support because it will just foist off on us a broken, failed trade policy that does not respect the interests of the American people? Is that what is happening here? 
Mr. HASTINGS. That is certainly allowed. Anytime before July 30, the measure could be brought to the floor, and it could be brought to the floor without any notice to the membership because it is a motion to reconsider. It is a part of this particular rule sought by the Speaker of the House, I might add, and therefore it could be brought at any time under the aegis of the Speaker’s authority. 
present in the Rules Committee when every single constructive improvement to this fasttrack bill was rejected by the Rules Committee—not with your vote, of course—but a majority of the Rules Committee said ‘‘no’’ to telling the Members of this Congress as much about this deal as the Vietnamese Politburo already knows, saying ‘‘no’’ to at least meeting the standards on the environment that the Bush administration agreed to, saying ‘‘no’’ to putting the foreign corporations on the same level as our American corporations and businesses so that foreign corporations wouldn’t have an advantage to come in and attack health, safety, and environmental rules that might be established by the Congress or the State of Florida or a city like San Antonio or Austin? Because under this fasttrack bill, we are headed toward jeopardizing those rules, those State laws, and those Federal laws that deal with the needs of the American family and letting these foreign corporations circumvent them as they did in Canada, recently, to demand millions of dollars of taxpayer money for a decision locally to just prevent the expansion of a quarry. We can’t have that happen. But the Rules Committee would not allow us to address those problems. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Many of those measures in a 5
I would urge that Members understand that we have already voted on this measure, and it was defeated, as I say, 3–1. 
infrastructure is clearly needed and, indeed, welcomed, but enough is enough. It is time for Republicans to stop squeezing important domestic programs through their arbitrary implementation of sequester. We must invest in education in this country; we must invest in our decaying infrastructure; 
we must invest in a clean environment; and we must invest in a strong middle class. 
Republicans want to make investments in our intelligence community. 
Great. So do I. We all do. But at some 
point, we have to start asking: What is it that that community is protecting? Without investments in education, infrastructure, and our middle class, we risk undermining what makes this country so exceptional and worth protecting in the first place. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
had over the last little bit. I appreciate the gentleman from Florida. Again, although we have some differences— those have been evident today—the rule provides for ample debate on the floor and the opportunity to debate and vote on up to 16 amendments offered by a largely bipartisan group of Members. 
look forward to the debate on how best to provide tools for our intelligence community and to combat the dangerous threats that we face while still respecting both the constitutional and budgetary restraints. Those are things that sometimes, I think, in the midst of discussion today, got lost in that this is a separate vote that we are going to be voting on our intelligence bill. There is a procedural issue that is part of this that is, again, not snuck in. It has been posted; it has been online; and it is there for Members to see. 
think, for us, it goes back to, again, in the overall budgetary and authorization process, the Republican majority stands for protecting our national interests, protecting and empowering the voters who actually send us here, not for growing and empowering an ever encroaching Federal Government. This is what the budgets reflect. This is what the authorizations reflect. These are the priorities of the American people, and these are the priorities of the Republican majority. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of House Resolution 315 will be followed by a 5 minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 236, nays 189, not voting 8, as follows: 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Mses. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and SINEMA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA CONCERNING PEACEFUL USES OF NUCLEAR ENERGY—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114– 43) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message 
States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
The proposed Agreement has been negotiated in accordance with the Act and other applicable law. In my judgment, it meets all applicable statutory requirements and will advance the nonproliferation and other foreign policy interests of the United States. 
of the requirements established by section 123 a. of the Act. It provides a comprehensive framework for peaceful nuclear cooperation with the ROK based on a mutual commitment to nuclear nonproliferation. It would permit the transfer of material, equipment (including reactors), components, information, and technology for nuclear research and nuclear power production. It would not permit the transfer of Restricted Data, and sensitive nuclear technology or technology or information that is not in the public domain concerning fabrication of nuclear fuel containing plutonium could only be transferred if specifically provided by an amendment to the proposed Agreement or a separate agreement. Any special fissionable material transferred 
could only be in the form of low enriched uranium, with two exceptions: small quantities of material for use as samples; or for other specified applications such as use in loading and operation of fast reactors or the conduct of fast reactor experiments. The proposed Agreement would also obligate the United States to endeavor to take such actions as may be necessary and feasible to ensure a reliable supply of low enriched uranium fuel to the ROK, similar to terms contained in other recent civil nuclear cooperation agreements. 
Bilateral Commission (HLBC) to be led by the Deputy Secretary of Energy for the Government of the United States of America and the Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs for the Government of the ROK. The purpose of the HLBC is to facilitate peaceful nuclear and strategic cooperation between the parties and ongoing dialogue regarding areas of mutual interest in civil nuclear energy, including the civil nuclear fuel cycle. 
initial term of 20 years and would renew for one additional period of 5 years unless either party gives written notice at least 2 years prior to its expiration that it does not want to renew the proposed Agreement. The proposed Agreement also requires the parties to consult as soon as possible after the seventeenth anniversary of its entry into force to decide whether to pursue an extension of the proposed Agreement. In the event of termination of the proposed Agreement, key nonproliferation conditions and controls will continue in effect as long as any nuclear material, moderator material, byproduct material, equipment, or component subject to the proposed Agreement remains in the territory of the party concerned or under its jurisdiction or control anywhere, or until such time as the parties agree that, in the case of nuclear material or moderator material, such items are no longer usable for any nuclear activity relevant from the point of view of international safeguards or have become practically irrecoverable, or in the case of equipment, components, or byproduct material, such items are no longer usable for nuclear purposes. 
on nonproliferation and its government has consistently reiterated its commitment to nonproliferation. The ROK is a party to the Treaty on the Nonproliferation of Nuclear Weapons, has an International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards agreement and Additional Protocol in force, is a member of the four multilateral nonproliferation export control regimes (Missile Technology Control Regime, Wassenaar Arrangement, Australia Group, and Nuclear Suppliers Group, for which it served as Chair in 2003–2004 and is scheduled to do so again in 2015–2016), and is an active participant in the Proliferation Security Initiative. A more 
detailed discussion of the ROK’s civil nuclear program and its nuclear nonproliferation policies and practices, including its nuclear export policies and practices, is provided in the NPAS and in two classified annexes to the NPAS submitted to you separately. As noted above, the Director of National Intelligence will provide an addendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of the ROK with respect to nuclearrelated matters. 
I have considered the views and recommendations of the interested departments and agencies in reviewing the proposed Agreement and have determined that its performance will promote, and will not constitute an unreasonable risk to, the common defense and security. Accordingly, I have approved the proposed Agreement and authorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favorable consideration. 
submittal for purposes of both sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Act. My Administration is prepared to begin immediately the consultations with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee as provided in section 123 b. Upon completion of the 30 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 b., the 60 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 d. shall commence. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 2596, the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
HOLDING ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 315 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2596. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence related activities of the United States 
Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, with Mr. BISHOP of Utah in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
NUNES ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. S CHIFF ) each will control 30 
the annual blueprint for the work of the intelligence community and America’s military intelligence efforts. The bill sets priorities for our critical intelligence efforts and the legal framework of guidance and oversight for those efforts. As you may recall, the House has passed intelligence authorization bills with strong bipartisan support in the past several Congresses. 
and I worked in a bipartisan manner to draft this legislation in front of you today. Passing annual intelligence authorization legislation is the most effective way for Congress to exercise oversight over the executive branch and helps ensure that the country’s intelligence agencies have the resources and authorities necessary to keep Americans safe. This legislation passed unanimously out of our committee. 
As most of the intelligence budget involves highly classified programs, the bulk of the committee’s recommendations each year are found in the classified annex of the bill, which has been available for Members to review since June 4. Among other initiatives, the bill provides authorization for critical national security functions, including fighting terrorism, countering the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, funding efforts to recover from unauthorized disclosures of intelligence capabilities, and investing in the resiliency of our national security space architecture. 
that the annex for fiscal year 2016 authorizes funding that is slightly below the President’s budget request level. Its funding levels are in line with the Housepassed Defense Appropriations bill for the National Intelligence Program and with the National Defense Authorization Act for the Military Intelligence Program. Overall, this bill sustains today’s intelligence capabilities and provides for future capabilities while staying within the funding constraints of the Budget Control Act and the budget resolution. 
one of the most challenging global environments in our Nation’s history. Nearly 14 years after the 9/11 attacks, the U.S. continues to hunt al Qaeda and its affiliates. We have taken the fight to the enemy and achieved tremendous success. But despite various strategies employed by two administrations to prevent the spread of radical Islam, that threat remains. The Arab Spring civil war in Syria and the emergence of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in places such as north Africa highlight only a few of the many events in the past several years that now define U.S. policy failures in the Middle East. In just over a year, ISIL has exploded from a largely localized force in Iraq to seriously challenge al Qaeda as the vanguard of global jihad. 
and China continue to expand their spheres of influence and diminish U.S. clout worldwide. Russia has taken advantage of indecisiveness in Europe and exploited uneven leadership in the 
U.S. to pressure Ukraine and its neighbors on core Russian interests. China bullies its neighbors in the South and East China Sea and, if left unchecked, will likely exercise de facto control over maritime trade in its perceived territorial waters in the next decade. Meanwhile, North Korea and Iran continue to pose significant proliferation risks and remain strategic threats to the U.S. and its allies. State actors can bring a tremendous amount of resources to counter U.S. policy, placing an immense burden on the intelligence community to collect information on and to assess these activities carefully and accurately. 
nonstate actors alike are developing new ways to project power, particularly in cyberspace. Cyber attacks are becoming so pervasive that network defenders are overwhelmed. Attackers seem to gain access to sensitive systems at will. The most recent attacks on the Office of Personnel Management servers, possibly one of the most significant national security incidents in the past decade, highlight the continued threat to our Nation’s infrastructure. 
authorization bill, the committee has taken a great deal of care in addressing the wide range of issues described above. This bill is an essential tool in supporting our Nation’s efforts to tackle today’s challenges while also directing the intelligence community to make strategic investments in the future. In particular, I believe that the bill goes a long way toward encouraging the intelligence community to make muchneeded investments, such as recovering from unauthorized disclosures of intelligence capabilities. 
Additionally, this year’s authorization bill comes on the heels of the committee’s recent bipartisan successes on key national security issues, like reauthorizing important provisions related to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and overwhelmingly passing bipartisan legislation on cyber threat sharing information. I applaud Ranking Member SCHIFF for his help on 
these issues, and I look forward to working together in the future. 
Finally, I want to thank all the Intelligence Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for their support 
drafting this bill. The committee staff spent countless hours assisting Members and finalizing the legislation. 
In particular, I would like to recognize our Sandia National Labs fellow, Mr. Randy Smith. He has been with the committee for almost 2 years and will be leaving us soon to return to Sandia. He has been a tremendous asset to this committee, and I would like to thank him for all his hard work. 
and women of the intelligence community for all their efforts to continue to protect this Nation. 
is the annual blueprint for the work of the intelligence community and America’s military intelligence efforts. The bill sets the priorities for our critical intelligence efforts, and the legal framework of guidance and oversight for those efforts. As you may recall, the House has passed intelligence authorization bills with strong bipartisan support in the past several Congresses. 
worked in a bipartisan manner to draft the legislation in front of you today. Passing annual intelligence authorization legislation is the most effective way for Congress to exercise oversight over the executive branch and helps ensure that the country’s intelligence agencies have the resources and authorities necessary to keep Americans safe. This legislation passed unanimously out of our Committee. 
highly classified programs, the bulk of the Committee’s recommendations each year are found in the classified annex to the bill, which has been available for Members to review since June 4th. Among other initiatives, the bill provides authorization for critical national security functions, including: fighting terrorism and countering the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, funding efforts to recover from unauthorized disclosures of intelligence capabilities, and investing in the resiliency of our national security space architecture. 
At an unclassified level, I can report that the 
annex for Fiscal Year 2016 authorizes funding that is slightly below the President’s budget request level. Its funding levels are in line with the Housepassed Defense Appropriations bill for the National Intelligence Program and with the National Defense Authorization Act for the Military Intelligence Program. Overall, this bill sustains today’s intelligence capabilities and provides for future capabilities while staying within the funding constraints of the Budget Control Act and the Budget Resolution. 
Mr. Chair, we are currently facing one of the 
most challenging global environments in our nation’s history. Nearly 14 years after the 9/11 attacks, the U.S. continues to hunt alQa’ida and its affiliates. We have taken the fight to the enemy and achieved tremendous success, but despite various strategies employed by two administrations to prevent the spread of radical Islam, the threat remains. The Arab Spring, civil war in Syria, and the emergence of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in places such as Northern Africa highlight only a few of the many events in the past several years that now define U.S. policy failures in the Middle East. In just over a year, ISIL has 
to seriously challenge alQa’ida as the vanguard of the global jihad. 
China continue to expand their spheres of influence and diminish U.S. clout worldwide. Russia has taken advantage of indecisiveness in Europe and exploited uneven leadership in the U.S. to pressure Ukraine and its neighbors on core Russian interests. China bullies its neighbors in the South and East China Sea, and if left unchecked, will likely exercise de facto control over maritime trade in its perceived territorial waters in the next decade. Meanwhile, North Korea and Iran continue to pose significant proliferation risks and remain strategic threats to the U.S. and its allies. State actors can bring a tremendous amount of resources to counter U.S. policy, placing an immense burden on the Intelligence Community to collect information on, and assess, these activities carefully and accurately. 
actors alike are developing new ways to project power, particularly in cyberspace. Cyber attacks are becoming so pervasive that network defenders are overwhelmed; attackers seem to gain access to sensitive systems at will. The most recent attacks on the Office of Personnel Management servers—possibly one of the most significant national security incidents in the past decade—highlight the continued threat to our nation’s infrastructure. 
Mr. Chair, in this year’s intelligence authorization bill, this Committee has taken a great deal of care in addressing the wide range of issues described above. This bill is an essential tool in supporting our nation’s efforts to tackle today’s challenges, while also directing the Intelligence Community to make strategic investments in the future. In particular, I believe that this bill goes a long way toward encouraging the Intelligence Community to make muchneeded investments, such as recovering from unauthorized disclosures of intelligence capabilities. 
comes on the heels of the Committee’s recent bipartisan successes on key national security issues, including reauthorizing important provisions related to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and overwhelmingly passing bipartisan legislation on cyber threat information sharing. I applaud Ranking Member SCHIFF for 
his help on these issues and look forward to working together in the future. 
Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for their support drafting this bill. The Committee staff spent countless hours assisting Members and finalizing the legislation. In particular, I would like to recognize our Sandia National Labs fellow, Randy Smith. He has been with the Committee for almost two years and will be leaving us soon to return to Sandia. He has been a tremendous asset to this Committee and I thank him for all his hard work. I would also like to thank the men and women of the Intelligence Community for all their efforts protecting this nation. I look forward to passing this legislation. 
Chairman NUNES . This Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 is our third major piece of legislation together, and it once again demonstrates the fruits of our commitment to bipartisanship. 
We also have our difference of opinion from time to time, and on this bill, we have some differences. But I know that as long as we continue to work together, there is no end to the good that we can accomplish. 
Through our cyber bill and our surveillance reform bill, we have been guided by two core principles: first, that national security is truly the security of the entire Nation and all Americans; second, that national security can and must coexist with privacy and civil liberties. I believe the bill today largely furthers these principles 
priorities for the U.S. intelligence community; and it is a crucial vehicle by which Congress provides oversight of the IC and ensures that U.S. intelligence professionals and intelligence programs have the funds and authorities they need to keep us safe, as well as our allies and partners. 
of pages of detailed guidance, strict authorizations, and precise limitations, it is also the single most important means by which Congress conducts its oversight of the intelligence community. 
As in past years, this year’s IAA is a 
carefully considered bill and the result of thoughtful oversight. 
intelligence community at about 1 percent below the President’s budget request and about 7 percent above last year’s enacted budget level. 
programs, adds money to underfunded programs, and requires intelligence agencies to regularly inform Congress of their activities, ensuring funds are spent responsibly and lawfully. 
‘‘fences,’’ significant amounts of money to make sure Congress’ direction is followed to the letter and on time. 
I want to highlight just a few particular aspects of the bill. It continues the committee’s longstanding emphasis on counterintelligence and security reforms. It also continues to support our overhead architecture by funding our most critical space programs, investing in space protection and resiliency, preserving investments in cuttingedge technologies, and enhancing oversight of contracting and procurement practices. 
our foreign partner capabilities, which are critical to multiplying the reach and impact of our own intelligence efforts. It enhances human intelligence, or HUMINT, capabilities, which are often the key to understanding and predicting global events. 
oversight of these and other sources of intelligence. It emphasizes collection to monitor and ensure compliance with treaties and potential international agreements. It greatly enhances oversight of Defense special operation forces activities worldwide. 
The bill also incorporates some excellent provisions championed by the Democratic members of the Intelligence Committee, as well as the Republican members. 
HIMES’ provision to enhance the quality of metrics we receive to enable more thorough oversight; Ms. SEWELL ’s 
multiple provisions to enhance diversity within the intelligence community; Mr. CARSON ’s provisions to better 
understand FBI resource allocation against domestic and foreign threats and the role of the FBI and DNI in countering violent extremism, particularly in minors; Ms. SPEIER ’s provision 
to provide greater human rights oversight of the IC’s relationship with certain foreign partners; Mr. QUIGLEY ’s 
provision regarding intelligence support to Ukraine; and Mr. SWALWELL ’s 
provision to ensure that Department of Energy National Labs can work with State and local government recipients of homeland security grants. 
largely reflects sound choices, I am concerned that it uses the overseas contingency operations—or OCO—funding as a way to evade the sequestration levels mandated by the illconceived Budget Control Act. 
levels and the programs which the IAA authorizes, but I cannot endorse how it has funded them. We need to be serious and thoughtful about the budget and undo sequestration—not just employ accounting tricks to evade its levels only for defense and national security related items. 
agencies that contribute to our homeland security cannot qualify for OCO dollars, while vital programs like our children’s education and our social services are left to languish. 
cuts, let’s do what this bill does substantively: make cuts to some areas and add money to others in a deliberate, well thought out manner. It is time to forthrightly deal with sequestration for all of our national priorities, not just for defense. 
this bill which would tie the hands of the administration and prevent the orderly transfer of detainees from the detention center at Guantanamo Bay. These restrictions have never been included in prior versions of the IAA, and there is no reason to introduce them into the IAA process now. 
The bill goes even further than restricting transfer of detainees to the United States and includes a new provision which restricts transfers to ‘‘combat zones,’’ a term that is so 
Guantanamo prison serves as a recruitment tool for militants, undercuts our relationships with our allies, and undermines our international standing. 
With that said, the bill, as a whole, is 
largely a strong product, and I appreciate the close partnership we have enjoyed with the chairman in working on it. But, unfortunately, I cannot support the bill so long as it includes these Guantanamo restrictions and employs the OCO budget gimmick at the expense of our domestic spending priorities. 
I look forward to a robust amendment process today, and I am committed to working with the chairman, the Senate, the administration, the other committees of jurisdiction, and all Members of Congress to make critical improvements to the bill as it moves forward, and to resolve the issues to keep alive the string of consecutive signed IAAs. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. I thank the chairman for his vital leadership on the Intelligence Committee. 
providing the intelligence community the authorization needed to protect and defend the United States and support critical national security programs protecting Americans from nation states and Islamic terrorists. 
Rogers warned that China has the capability of shutting down the U.S. electric grid through cyber attack. Homeland security Secretary Johnson has warned about the threat of attacks launched by sleeper cells in most of our States. ISIS continues to expand into new territory, while Americans are more at risk because President Obama has no strategy for defeating ISIS, whom he initially referred to as the JV team. 
This is not the time to impede our intelligence efforts. America faces grave danger from those who wish to destroy our way of life. Please join me in full bipartisan support of the Intelligence Authorization Act. Let us be united in confronting the perilous threats of our adversaries. 
time I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the ranking member on the 
bipartisan, hard work of Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF , 
but I want to bring to the House’s attention recent reports that this bill makes drastic cuts in our socalled covert support to the moderate Syrian opposition. A headline in the Saturday Washington Post read: ‘‘Secret CIA effort in Syria faces large funding cut.’’ If these reports are true, just as the moderate Syrian forces may be starting to make progress, especially in the south, then I am afraid we may be making a big mistake. 
House don’t know for certain if this legislation will reduce our support for the moderate opposition. Those funding decisions are made behind closed doors. And that is why I believe this bill is not the right place for us to be making decisions that have a major impact on our Syria strategy. 
determined to get the intelligence piece of our Syria response right, but this is not merely an intelligence issue, and our overall strategy in Syria goes far beyond what is included in any covert program. I believe we shouldn’t be dealing with this problem in a piecemeal way. 
Affairs Committee on a bipartisan basis, I urge my colleagues to take a step back, look at the big picture, and address our Syria policy in a way that makes sense and involves all the relevant players. 
I am troubled if it is true that this 
bill makes drastic cuts in our socalled covert support to the moderate Syria opposition. And I commend the hard work of our chairman and ranking member. 
I would urge my colleague, the ranking member on the Foreign Affairs Committee, that we shouldn’t always believe what is in the newspaper. There have been lots of different reports about lots of different things. 
worked in a bipartisan manner to look at all programs across the spectrum of the 17 agencies. And we would be glad to spend some time with the gentleman from New York down in the committee spaces to raise the concerns that he brought up about a newspaper article. As I said, I think there are a lot of things that we read in the newspaper. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the vehicle by which we ensure that U.S. intelligence professionals and programs have the funds and the authorities that they need. It is the single most important means by which Congress can conduct its oversight. We need to pass this legislation, just as the committee has done over the last several years. 
moves forward, we will be able to dispose of the Guantanamo provisions—I will have an amendment to address that in a few minutes—and that we can also resolve the issues regarding the overseas contingency account. I look forward to working with my colleague 
as the bill moves forward to address those issues. 
I want to join the chairman in saluting the members of the intelligence community—the men and women who do such an extraordinary job for us each and every day. They have our sincerest gratitude and full appreciation for their dedication, their patriotism, and their unparalleled skills. I also want to thank again our chairman for his leadership, his commitment to bipartisanship, and his determination to do what is right. I want to thank our colleagues on the committee, who have done an extraordinary job in helping to put this bill together. 
thanking our wonderful staff on our side of the aisle. I want to thank Carly Blake, Linda Cohen, Allison Getty, Robert Minehart, Amanda Rogers Thorpe, Rheanne Wirkkala, as well as Patrick Boland and our shared technical and security staff, including Kristin Jepson, Brandon Smith, and Kevin Klein. We have an extraordinary team on the committee. It is a great pleasure to serve and work with each and every one of them. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
for his continued cooperation to work in a bipartisan fashion. As I think most Americans know, the threats continue to add up every day, and it is up to the men and women in the intelligence community to help keep us safe. I know the ranking member and I are committed to doing just that. 
on the amendments and passage of the final underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–19. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
or release individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to combat zones. 
formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the conduct of the intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the following elements of the United States Government: 
shall not publicly disclose the classified Schedule of Authorizations or any portion of such Schedule except— 
Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2016 the sum of $514,000,000. 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity 
which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
this section, the term ‘‘special access program’’ has the meaning given such term in Executive Order 13526 as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intelligence regarding the tactical use of tunnels by state and nonstate actors. 
30, 2016, the Director of National Intelligence shall establish a formal internal reporting process for tracking requests for country clearance submitted to overseas Director of National Intelligence representatives by departments and agencies of the United States. Such reporting process shall include a mechanism for tracking the department or agency that submits each such request and the date on which each such request is submitted. 
than 30 days after an element of the intelligence community receives a legislative or judicial inquiry from a foreign government related to intelligence activities carried out by the United States, the element shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees written notification of the inquiry. 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is amended— 
the Federal Government for analyzing and integrating all intelligence possessed or acquired by the United States pertaining to cyber threats; 
agencies of the Federal Government have full access to and receive allsource intelligence support needed to execute the cyber threat intelligence activities of such agencies and to perform independent, alternative analyses; 
President, the appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government, and the appropriate committees of Congress; 
operated by an element of the intelligence community as of the date of the enactment of this section.’’. 
table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947, as amended by section 102 of this title, is further amended by striking the item relating to section 119B and inserting the following new items: 
1947 (50 U.S.C. 3100) is amended to read as follows: 
a project that is needed to achieve an essential capability, taking into consideration any alternative solutions for preventing such adverse effect. 
percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index (all items; U.S. city average) as of September of the previous fiscal year. 
The Director of National Intelligence shall develop and implement an enterprise architecture to cover all intelligence community business systems, and the functions and activities supported by such business systems. The enterprise architecture shall be sufficiently defined to effectively guide, constrain, and permit implementation of interoperable intelligence community business system solutions, consistent with applicable policies and procedures established by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(iii) integrate budget, accounting, and program information and systems; and 
‘‘(iv) provide for the measurement of performance, including the ability to produce timely, relevant, and reliable cost information. 
system interface requirements that apply uniformly throughout the intelligence community. 
COMMUNITY BUSINESS SYSTEM TRANSFORMATION .—The Director of National Intelligence shall be responsible for the entire life cycle of an intelligence community business system transformation, including review, approval, and oversight of the planning, design, acquisition, deployment, operation, and maintenance of the business system transformation. 
of the Chief Information Office of the Intelligence Community under such review process. 
review board (consisting of appropriate representatives of the intelligence community) of each intelligence community business system as an investment before the obligation of funds for such system. 
appropriate review of intelligence community business system investments depending on the scope, complexity, and cost of the system involved. 
Executive agency responsibilities in chapter 113 of title 40, United States Code, for any intelligence community business system transformation shall be exercised jointly by— 
the Chief Information Officer of the Intelligence Community; and 
contains the element of the intelligence community involved and the chief information officer of that executive agency. 
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY IN COUNCIL OF INSPECTORS GENERAL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFICIENCY. 
Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ‘‘the Office of the Director of National Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘the Intelligence Community’’. 
such information or assistance as may be necessary for carrying out the duties and responsibilities of the Inspector General provided by this section from any Federal, State, or local governmental agency or unit thereof. 
for information or assistance from a department or agency of the Federal Government, the head 
of the department or agency involved, insofar as practicable and not in contravention of any existing statutory restriction or regulation of such department or agency, shall furnish to the Inspector General, or to an authorized designee, such information or assistance. 
means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any territory or possession of the United States.’’. 
resources allocated by the Director, the Inspector General has final approval of— 
personnel permanently assigned to the Office of Inspector General, including selection and appointment to the Senior Intelligence Service, but excluding all securitybased determinations that are not within the authority of a head of other Central Intelligence Agency offices.’’. 
or joint explanatory statement accompanying an intelligence authorization Act. 
FUNDS IN CONJUNCTION WITH DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL LABORATORIES. 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the intelligence community may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guantanamo for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense. 
detained at Guantanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO COMBAT ZONES. 
the term ‘‘combat zone’’ means any area designated as a combat zone for purposes of section 112 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for which the income of a member of the Armed Forces was excluded during 2014, 2015, or 2016 by reason of the member’s service on active duty in such area. 
of communication, including telecommunications, electronic or technical means, in person, written communications, or any other means of communication, regardless of content, between any individual formerly detained at Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any individual known or suspected to be associated with a foreign terrorist group. 
amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The reports may be submitted in classified form.’’. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 60 days thereafter, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on foreign fighter flows to and from Syria and to and from Iraq. The Director shall define the term ‘‘foreign fighter’’ in such reports. 
have traveled to Syria or Iraq since January 1, 2011, the total number of foreign fighters in Syria or Iraq as of the date of the submittal of the report, the total number of foreign fighters whose countries of origin have a visa waiver program described in section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), the total number of foreign fighters who have left Syria or Iraq, the total number of female foreign fighters, and the total number of deceased foreign fighters. 
Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment and the status of each such foreign fighter in that database, the number of such foreign fighters who are on a watchlist, and the number of such foreign fighters who are not on a watchlist. 
have been processed with biometrics, including face images, fingerprints, and iris scans. 
fighter report since the last report was issued, including updated analysis on foreign country cooperation, as well as actions taken, such as denying or revoking visas. 
fighters flows to and from Syria, with points of origin by country. 
Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
prisoner detained at the detention facility at United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of the date of such report. 
terrorist organizations to recruit individuals released from detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
communication, including telecommunications, electronic or technical means, in person, written 
communications, or any other means of communication, regardless of content, between any individual formerly detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any individual known or suspected to be associated with a foreign terrorist group. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence communities a report on the representation, as of the date of the report, of covered business concerns among the contractors that are awarded contracts by elements of the intelligence community for goods, equipment, tools, and services. 
Act, the Director does not record and monitor the statistics required to carry out this section, a description of the actions taken by the Director to ensure that such statistics are recorded and monitored beginning in fiscal year 2016. 
In this section, the term ‘‘covered business concerns’’ means the following: 
of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3104) is amended— 
NONSTATE ENTITIES .—Section 1055 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (50 U.S.C. 2371) is repealed. 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7383e) is repealed. 
4508 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2659) is repealed. 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–155. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ISRAEL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–155. 
United States and partner countries to address the use of tunnels by adversaries. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment with my very good friend from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and my 
very good friend from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ). This is a bipartisan amendment with respect to tunnels being used as a military tactic, technology, and strategy in asymmetric warfare. 
ago, when war broke out in the Middle East and Hamas attacked Israel, I visited Israel and saw for myself the sophistication of the tunnels being dug from Gaza to Israel through which terrorists traveled. They went to the other side of the tunnels, popped up, and tried to kill innocent civilians. 
that many of us characterize in our own minds. These tunnels are sophisticated. These are expressways underground. It is like the QueensMidtown Tunnel going from Gaza to Israel. They are ventilated. They are lit. They are massive. They are deep. They are huge. They are impenetrable, and they are very difficult to detect. 
Authorization bill properly says that the Director of National Intelligence will designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intelligence regarding the tactical use of tunnels by state and nonstate actors. 
asks for accountability. It requires a report from this new lead intelligence officer for tunnels describing the trends in the use of tunnels by foreign state and nonstate actors and collaborative efforts between the United States and partner nations to address the use of tunnels by our adversaries. 
in the Middle East, but in fact, these tunnels are dynamic force multipliers for our enemies and enemies of our allies around the world. They are used for terrorist attacks, but they are also used to smuggle arms and contraband. 
are being used well beyond Israel. Korea is another example. Tunnels have been found in North Korea. Here at home, more than 150 tunnels have been found since 2009. 
Mr. Chairman, we have plenty of enemies today looking for ways to attack the United States and our interests around the globe. This bill recognizes these threats and, very wisely, creates a lead intelligence officer for tunnels. 
greater oversight by Congress. It allows Congress to make informed decisions on how and where to spend future funds in order to counter this threat and protect U.S. national security interests. 
these reports will help shape the efforts of the newly created position, making it clear that Congress expects accountability and transparency, and that is something that the American people require. 
bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. I yield 2 minutes to the 
ISRAEL and Congresswoman G WENGRAHAM for working together with me on 
this bipartisan effort in the defense bills, as well as now in the Intelligence Authorization Act. I would also like to thank Chairman NUNES and his staff 
for working together with me on this important issue. 
and growing tunnel threat to American bases and embassies around the world, to our southern border, as well as to our ally Israel, both in Gaza, as well as Israel’s northern border. 
Language I offered in the base intelligence bill, combined with this amendment, will ensure that our intelligence community stays focused on this threat. There will be a dedicated person watching on this issue. 
Israel is the best way to address this growing threat. As we have seen with Iron Dome and other missile defense efforts, partnering with a vital ally like Israel enables both countries to learn quickly, while sharing costs and new technologies. It is a winwin situation for Israel and the U.S. and, hopefully, a loss situation for the bad guys. 
my very good friend from Colorado for his bipartisan support of this bill. 
ISRAEL ’s amendment to the Intelligence Authorization Act to provide oversight for the joint U.S.Israel antitunneling defense project. 
which was added to the National Defense Authorization Act in an amendment sponsored by my good friend Representative LAMBORN and myself, will 
help our closest ally in the Middle East, Israel, protect its borders. 
years developing a complex network of tunnels under the Gaza Strip and Israel to smuggle weapons, kidnap Israelis, and launch mass murder attacks. 
This project will develop new technology to detect and destroy these tunnels, and it will send a clear message to our allies and enemies alike. The United States is committed to protecting Israel and to rooting out and destroying the terrorists who wish to do her harm. 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the distinguished 
for yielding, and I thank Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. L AMBORN , and Ms. G RAHAM for this 
This will call for a report on our adversaries’ use of tunnels and an update on our collaboration with international 
in, in much of southern Israel last summer, as Hamas militants used a complex network of tunnels to attack Israeli soldiers from the Gaza Strip. This was not the first use of tunnels by Hamas. Crossborder tunnels were used in the capture of IDF soldier Gilad Shalit in 2006. 
military targets, Israel has uncovered evidence that the tunnels are being prepared for largescale attacks against Israeli civilians. 
Israel. For decades, the North Korean military has also been digging tunnels under the DMZ to facilitate infiltration of South Korea. 
According to press reports, four tunnels from the north have been found in all, although none since 1990. The South Korean Defense Ministry believes there may be 20 in all, and they could pose a mortal threat to Koreans and American service personnel in the region. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, all that 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . ISRAEL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–155. 
after the date of the enactment of this subsection, and annually thereafter for three years, the Director of the Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center shall submit a report to Congress that includes the following: 
the report, a detailed description of cyber threat trends, as compiled by the Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center. 
the report, a detailed description of the coordination efforts by the Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center between departments and agencies of the Federal Government, including the Department of Defense, the Department of Justice, and the Department of Homeland Security. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I will attempt to continue my winning streak on the floor this morning. 
distinguished friend and partner from New York (Mr. HANNA ). 
an issue that has concerned many of us for some time, and that is the fact that, when it comes to cyber defense and cyber war, many Federal agencies are doing something; it is just that they may not be aware of what each of them is doing. We need closer coordination and collaboration among all the Federal agencies and entities dealing with cyber war. 
that the United States Office of Personnel Management suffered a cyber attack impacting millions of Federal workers. This attack, in my view, highlights a disconnect between agencies tasked to provide cyber defense, a foreign government hacking into a Federal government system, taking the records of millions of government employees, spanning the jurisdiction of several Federal agencies. 
need for greater collaboration between these agencies to create a credible defense and, if needed, a deterrent to those wishing to attack through the cyber domain. 
February of this year when the President directed the DNI to establish the Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center, CTIIC. This bill very properly authorizes that position. 
CTIIC will serve as the primary organization within the Federal Government for analyzing and integrating all intelligence possessed or acquired by the U.S. pertaining to cyber threats and coordinate cyber threat intelligence activities. 
Chairman, simply ensures congressional oversight of CTIIC by requiring an annual report detailing three things: number one, cyber attack trends identified by the CTIIC; number two, an assessment of the collaborative efforts between the CTIIC and various Federal agencies tasked to defend this 
country against cyber attacks; and number three, recommendations for better collaboration between these agencies. 
era of warfare. Our networks are being attacked daily. We need to do a much better job of coordinating, collaborating, and cooperating at the Federal level. This amendment ensures oversight and accountability. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
several years, cyber attacks have become a pressing concern for the United States. The recent breach of the Office of Personnel Management has put the personal information of millions of current and former Federal employees, 
including many of the men and women of our intelligence community, at risk. 
Every day, cyber thieves attack private companies, stealing credit card numbers, accessing medical records, leaking proprietary information, and publishing confidential emails, affecting tens of millions of Americans. 
worked to improve our cyber defenses by improving information sharing between the private sector and the Federal Government through the support of H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. 
this bill, the legislation we consider today will help improve the Federal Government’s ability to detect and defeat cyber attacks by creating the new Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center. 
the Center produce a report on cyber threat trends and coordination on cyber threats between different government agencies. 
York for their work on this issue and urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the ranking member of the committee. 
and I thank him for his excellent amendment and support in the intelligence process. 
With each passing day, we are learning more about the cyber breach at the Office of Personnel Management. The volume of personal information lost during these events is of tremendous concern. Mr. ISRAEL ’s amendment will 
help us better inform Congress on the effectiveness of the government’s collaborative efforts to defend against future cyber events. 
on it, and I urge support of Mr. ISRAEL ’s amendment. 
to thank the distinguished chairman for his bipartisan leadership and the distinguished ranking member. I appreciate their support for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–155. 
an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, like many of my colleagues, I am focused on growing educational opportunities for young Hispanic Americans, particularly in the areas that will be so critical to our Nation’s success in the years ahead. 
Last month, the House approved a bipartisan amendment to the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act designed to increase opportunities for Latinos in the STEM fields. 
Our proposal would allow the Director of National Intelligence to offer grants to HispanicServing Institutions of higher education for advanced foreign language education programs that are in the immediate interest of the intelligence community. 
and cultural immersion programs in those areas, which we all know are crucial to truly understanding the intricacies of other languages and other cultures. This is a time when we need to be encouraging more of our young people to enter careers aimed at making our Nation safer. 
Of the nearly 2 million Latino students enrolled in college today, the majority attend HispanicServing Institutions. With these targeted grants, HSIs would be able to help increase the ranks of Latinos going into the intelligence community, where they are underrepresented today. 
This amendment would not only promote diversity in national security and intelligence communities, but it would 
also strengthen our youngest and fastest growing minority, Hispanic Americans. 
people are prepared with the knowledge and skills that will contribute to our Nation’s future strength, security, and global leadership because, when education is available to everyone, our entire Nation is a stronger nation. 
have worked with me on this issue, Mr. SERRANO and Mr. C URBELO , who have 
time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. 
to include HispanicServing Institutions in the grant program to improve recruitment efforts for the intelligence community. 
support of this amendment and thank my colleague from New York for allowing me to join in leading on this important issue. 
This amendment would allow the Director of National Intelligence to provide grants to HispanicServing Institutions of higher education to offer advanced foreign language programs that are important to our intelligence community. These students, in addition to the traditional classroom setting, would also be able to travel and study abroad so they can gain a firsthand perspective of the culture in which they are immersing themselves. 
Middle Eastern, and South Asian dialects is of the utmost importance in developing our country’s continued relationships abroad. I am proud to advocate for HispanicServing Institutions, like Florida International University and Miami Dade College in my district, and will strive to provide them the opportunity to train their students so that they can go on to serve our country. 
gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY) and the gentleman from New York 
(Mr. S ERRANO ) to provide more opportunities for these young Hispanic students who want to serve their country and to provide our intelligence community this special tool to recruit those who could be useful in advancing the cause of building the relationships that are so critical to our intelligence services operating throughout the world. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Florida’s comments on this bill and his support. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
yielding and for his work on this amendment. I am very happy to support it. 
critical to national security. Together, they allow the intelligence community to reach its potential and expand its reach, its access, as well as its understanding. 
goals by providing better language learning opportunities to students of HispanicServing Institutions. I am very proud to support this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
other colleagues who worked with him on this amendment. I urge passage. 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
thank the chairman for his support of this amendment as well as the ranking member, Mr. SCHIFF , for his support of 
this amendment, and all the Members who have worked on this amendment. 
itself. It is providing a great opportunity for a growing minority community within our country who want to serve our country in this capacity. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–155. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report that includes— 
fighters to and from Iraq and Syria, a description of the intelligence sharing relationships between the United States and member states of the European Union and member states of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
this bipartisan amendment with the support of Homeland Security Chairman MICHAEL MCCAULand Representatives K ATKO and L OUDERMILK to help 
Congress identify ways to improve intelligence sharing on the flow of foreign fighters around the world—with particular attention to their travel to and from Iraq and Syria. 
considering today makes substantial strides in ensuring that intelligence surrounding the flow of foreign fighters is shared with Congress. These continuous reports will shed light on the total number of attempted and successful fighters since the beginning of 2011. 
My amendment would require the Director of National Intelligence to report to Congress on the intelligence community’s progress in forging informationsharing agreements with foreign partners and help Congress identify the challenges impeding coordinated intelligence efforts. 
Over 20,000 foreign fighters have traveled to join rebel and terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria, including ISIS and al Qaeda affiliates like alNusrah. Their movements are proving increasingly difficult to track in our globalized world, particularly given the uneven or nonexistent tracking efforts from some of our foreign partners. 
As the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade and as a member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, I have engaged on the issue of intelligence sharing from two perspectives—from our efforts to improve the intelligence community’s coordination with State, local, and other Federal agencies and from our work to better improve our informationsharing practices with our overseas allies to prevent terrorist attacks and the flow of foreign fighters here at home. 
has made improvements to the processes of sharing pertinent information with the relevant Federal, State, and local agencies, there still exists a blind spot in our intelligencegathering efforts on foreign fighters. That blind spot stems from the failure of some foreign governments to take commonsense informationsharing steps, and it has made the task of tracking foreign fighters even more challenging. 
some foreign governments to pass along even the most basic information about these individuals represents a major risk to the safety of the American people. 
some of these individuals return to their homelands from Iraq and Syria, battlehardened and radicalized. Once 
back home, some can travel between international borders with relative ease, which makes tracking them a truly difficult feat. This amendment will also provide insight into our current intelligence sharing relationships and will give Congress the opportunity to highlight best practices while also revealing areas for improvement. 
I thank Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF for their cooperation. 
the KeatingMcCaul amendment in the Intelligence Authorization Act. If adopted, our amendment would require the Director of National Intelligence to report to Congress on the state of intelligence information sharing with overseas partners to help us identify security gaps so that we can improve international monitoring of foreign fighter travel both in and out of Syria and Iraq. 
countries have traveled overseas to fight with groups like ISIS and al Qaeda. Thousands of the jihadists carry Western passports and can exploit security gaps in places like Europe to return to the West, where they can plot attacks against America and our allies. 
Last month, I led a congressional delegation to the Middle East to investigate the flow of these foreign fighters. And while progress is being made, I am still troubled by intelligence and screening gaps, especially with our foreign partners. We need to make sure 
our allies not only share the identities of terrorists and foreign fighters with us but also with each other so that these extremists can be stopped before they cross our borders into the United States. 
This amendment will provide Congress critical information needed to close these security gaps and improve intelligence information sharing to defend our homeland. 
I applaud the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) for his hard 
work on the amendment and for his strong participation in our delegation overseas, where we learned quite a bit. It is not very often you can pass something you think can save American lives, and I think this is one of them. I thank the gentleman again. 
thank the chairman of Homeland Security for his leadership on this issue. We really have established a very strong bipartisan effort, putting our national security first and realizing what holes there are in our system, in our security for our country. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the work of my colleagues from Massachusetts and from Texas. This is a superb amendment that will help us track foreign fighters, and I am proud to support it. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–155. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, the recent events involving the plan of radicalized individuals in Massachusetts to target law enforcement officials—police, in particular—underscore the truth that protecting America will require the efforts of local, State, and Federal law enforcement. 
Since the Boston Marathon bombings, the FBI has made great efforts to improve their informationsharing efforts with the Joint Terrorism Task Force and other Federal agencies. 
colleagues on the congressional investigation of the Boston Marathon bombings through the Homeland Security Committee, I can attest to the seriousness in which the Federal Bureau of Investigation has set out to improve their informationsharing practices. 
However, the FBI’s efforts to institutionalize sharing across law enforcement and intelligence are still a work in progress. 
The current version of this bill eliminates the requirement for the FBI to report to Congress on their progress to implement informationsharing principles. This is a reporting requirement that has kept Congress aware of the FBI’s informationsharing practices since 2004, and it has been vital to understand what works and what can be improved. 
requirement, with the recognition that the FBI has more work to do on information sharing to better protect the American public. 
executing FBI current memorandums of understanding with local partners, improving training and accessibility for the eGuardian platform, and formalizing methods for disseminating intelligence to relevant consumers up and downstream. 
the FBI is making in these reforms, Congress is hindered in taking the critical steps needed to protect the American public. I would like to again thank Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member 
from Massachusetts, who has been an active and important voice on national security since he joined the Congress several years ago. In particular, he has worked to ensure that we maintain a strong focus on information sharing across agencies. 
from 9/11 is the need to tear down stovepipes and to ensure that inappropriate barriers to information sharing across agencies never reappear. 
amendment seeks to maintain our vigilance on this issue and would require the FBI to report to Congress on its informationsharing progress. 
very pleased to see my colleague do such great work. I want to thank him for his commitment to the issue. And I am very happy to support the amendment. 
Mr. KEATING. I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–155. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would strike the sections of the bill which would undermine the administration’s ability to close the prison at Guantanamo by transferring the remaining detainees to the United States for further disposition of their cases or to third countries that agree to accept them, secure them, and monitor them. 
member of the Armed Services Committee, has joined me in urging the House to make this important change to the bill. 
prison at Guantanamo Bay damages the United States. Because there are other, better options for the prosecution and detention of these inmates, we are not safer for Guantanamo’s existence. In fact, it makes us more vulnerable by drawing new recruits to the jihad. The Congress, the administration, 
and the military can work together to find a solution that protects our people even as we maintain our principles and devotion to the rule of law. 
bill, the administration would be barred from transferring Guantanamo detainees to a ‘‘war zone.’’ 
While I agree that it would be foolhardy to seek to send a detainee to Yemen while that country is immersed in civil war, the definition of ‘‘war zone’’ used here is derived from the U.S. Tax Code and is extremely broad, ruling out countries like Jordan, for example, that have either successfully resettled and monitored former detainees or demonstrated a genuine commitment to doing so. 
These provisions also prevent the administration from transferring Guantanamo detainees to the United States for further proceedings under the military commissions process or for trial in an article III court. 
courts have proven themselves time and time again to be more than capable of handling the toughest terrorism cases and doing so in a way that ennobles us and sets an example to the world that a great nation can both safeguard its people and the rule of law. 
courts have proven much more adept at handling these cases than the military commissions process has. In fact, this past Friday, a threejudge panel of the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, one of the most important appellate courts in the Nation, further struck down the legality of commission charges, so narrowing the jurisdiction of the military commissions themselves that any utility as an alternative to article III courts has been called into further question. 
and his fellow Guantanamo terrorists still await their date with justice, a host of others—including Richard Reid, the shoe bomber; and Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, the underwear bomber; and Faisal Shahzad, the Times Square bomber—have been tried, convicted, and sent to ADX Florence, the toughest prison in America. They are gone, and they are not coming back. 
the first time that restrictions related to Guantanamo have been included in the Intelligence Authorization Act, and I believe that alone sets an unfortunate precedent that could undermine what has been a largely bipartisan effort. These provisions are unnecessary and unwise, and they do not belong in this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the House to reconsider these provisions, to trust in American justice, diplomacy, and the best military advice, and to give the administration a means to shutter a prison that both shames us and perpetuates the threat to the Nation. 
the ranking member’s concerns about these provisions, I do remain concerned that further releases from Guantanamo will threaten our national security. 
administration intends to transfer up to 10 additional detainees this month. As the committee learned through its many briefings and hearings, the five detainees released to Qatar last May have participated in activities that threaten the United States and its allies and are counter to U.S. national security interests, not unlike their activities before they were detained. No intelligence community element should enable any future transfers that endanger national security. 
provisions are substantively identical to the provisions passed by the House Armed Services Committee as part of the National Defense Authorization Act. Mr. Chairman, 26 of the 27 Democrats on that committee voted to advance an NDAA that contained similar restrictions. The provisions in our bill will complement those restrictions, as well as the restrictions put forward in the defense appropriations bills for several years running and this committee’s previous intelligence authorization bills. The ranking member may have forgotten, but in 2012, there were provisions similar to this one that were included in the legislation. 
strong and enduring consensus in Congress that Guantanamo should remain open and that detainees should not be transferred to the U.S. for any reason. As everyone here is aware, several detainees who have been released from Guantanamo have gone back to the fight and killed and wounded Americans. Putting detainees in U.S. prisons, as the administration originally proposed, would be disruptive and potentially disastrous. The threat is real, and Guantanamo is already equipped to handle the detention and military trial of these individuals, as appropriate. 
colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
amendment. This is one of the few areas of disagreement between the chairman and myself. When we look at how we are progressing or the lack of more progress in our struggle against ISIS and al Qaeda in places like Syria and Iraq, we are often tempted to consider those that we take off the battlefield as a metric of our success—we have eliminated so many combatants from the battlefield. But of course that number in isolation means very little. And the challenge is that with every 
one we take off the battlefield, there are new foreign fighters coming onto the battlefield. 
fighters uses a variety of images and issues to attract people to join the jihad. One of the issues that is continually used as recruiting propaganda is the presence of the detention center at Guantanamo Bay. This is a recruitment vehicle for the jihadis. It is a rallying cry for the jihadis. 
end the threat from ISIS or al Qaeda. There will be other efforts to recruit. But why give them this recruitment tool when there are other, better ways that these people can be incarcerated? Why give them this recruitment vehicle when there are ways that we can secure the people at Guantanamo Bay, prosecute the people at Guantanamo Bay, uphold our highest standards and the rule of law, and remove at least one part the jihadi social media and other propaganda campaign? 
Mr. Chairman, I think it is in our national security interest to do so. I would urge support for the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
believes every word that he is saying. We have had robust debate in the Intelligence Committee behind closed doors, and we have had robust debate out in open session, and it is a debate I think that will always continue. 
the majority Members of Congress that they would prefer to keep Guantanamo open because no one wants to bring those terrorists to the United States, to their backyard, to try them in their State or their county or their community. 
So I respect the gentleman’s concerns, and we will continue to debate those, but I will continue to oppose closing Guantanamo or having our intelligence community participate in the removal of detainees from Guantanamo. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ROONEY OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Director of the National Science Foundation, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on the employment by the intelligence community of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program. The report shall include the following: 
Corps Scholarship Program hired by each element of the intelligence community. 
the intelligence community recruits graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholar Program. 
to the intelligence community to expedite the hiring or processing of security clearances for graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholar Program. 
improve the hiring by the intelligence community of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholarship Program, including any recommendations for legislative action to carry out such improvements. 
Corps Scholarship Program’’ means the Federal Cyber ScholarshipforService Program under section 302 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROONEY ) and a Member opposed 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
today, hackers across the world are trying furiously to break into our cyber networks, as we all know. And as we have seen in recent weeks, they are occasionally successful, and the consequences are grave. These cracks in our cyber defense put our security at risk. They also threaten American businesses and the privacy and credit of individuals across this country. 
and our economy, we must work together to improve our cyber capabilities. This requires a stronger, more capable cyber workforce, which our bipartisan amendment will help facilitate. 
for Service program gives scholarships to students who study in the cybersecurity field. In exchange, those students commit to serving in government cybersecurity positions after graduation. Leaders within the intelligence community and DOD have told us that they need to expand their workforce and want to hire graduates from this program. Unfortunately, outdated personnel rules and insufficient direct hire authority make it extremely difficult for them to do so. As a result, these 
work commitment and we are unable to meet our workforce needs, and our cybersecurity suffers. 
We believe Congress should help remove those obstacles and make it easier to bring those graduates into the cyber workforce. Our amendment starts that process by requiring a report back to us on how many CyberCorps graduates go to work for the intelligence community and how these agencies recruit them. This information will help us determine how to streamline the hiring process so we are capitalizing on the best cybersecurity talent available. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a simple, bipartisan amendment, but it will pay dividends to improve and expand our cyber workforce and strengthen our national security. 
I would like to thank Congresswoman SEWELL from Alabama for her 
claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
Florida and the gentlewoman from Alabama, both HPSCI colleagues, for their amendment, and I am happy to support it. 
This amendment furthers two important goals: first, to ensure that academic programs that should serve as a resource to the government—in this case, the National Science Foundation’s CyberCorps Scholarship for Service—actually do result in a good number of students choosing employment within the intelligence community; and second, to deepen the bench of our cyber defenders. 
breaches has demonstrated, it is an imperative for the protection of this Nation’s workforce, privacy, and sensitive intelligence that we strengthen the IC’s cyber cadre with our best and brightest. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a fine addition to the gentleman’s and the gentlewoman’s other initiatives already represented in the bill, particularly those that advance diversity in the intelligence community. 
thank my colleagues for their work. I urge support for this bipartisan amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
today in support of this bipartisan, common sense amendment that seeks to streamline and strengthen our Intelligence Community’s (IC) cyber workforce. I am pleased to join my fellow colleague, Rep. ROONEY , who shares my deeply held desire to help meet the incredible need to raise the number of professionals in the critically important field of cybersecurity. 
The recent breach of OPM which compromised the personal information of nearly 4 million federal employees further illustrates our urgent and immediate need to make substantial improvements to our cyber databases and overall cyber infrastructure. Cyberattacks have become increasingly common, and state sponsored bad actors pose a serious threat to our national security. These types of attacks are one of the most urgent modern challenges to our nation. Our government must be poised to do more to prevent future attacks. We must position ourselves to curtail any threat, no matter how great or small. 
and Technology Council, in cooperation with the National Science Foundation (NSF), advanced a broad, coordinated federal strategic plan to enhance cybersecurity research and education. As part of this plan, the NSF launched the CyberCorps Scholarship for Service (SFS) program. In an effort to bolster our federal workforce’s capacity and advance the nation’s economic prosperity and national security, this program provides funding for undergraduate and graduate level scholarships to students interested in cybersecurity. In return, scholarship recipients are required to work for a Federal, State, Local, or Tribal Government organization in a position related to cybersecurity for a period equal to the length of the scholarship. In essence, students receive a scholarship in exchange for their commitment to federal civil service. This program seeks to cultivate pipelines for applicants from undergraduate and graduate programs into federal careers focusing on combatting emerging cyber security threats. 
tell me, however, that outdated policies and onerous clearance procedures are inhibiting their ability to fill industry vacancies with young and diverse cybersecurity professionals. 
Our amendment simply requires the Intelligence Community to report to Congress on how many CyberCorps graduates actually go to work for the IC and how IC agencies recruit these CyberCorps graduates. This information will help Congress determine how we can best improve the hiring process. 
facilitating ways to help the Intelligence Community hire these critically important CyberCorps graduates and create a pipeline directly into our cyber workforce. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROONEY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . MOULTON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–155. 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on the data breach of the Office of Personnel Management disclosed in June 2015. 
on the operations of the intelligence community abroad, including the types of operations, if any, that have been negatively affected or entirely suspended or terminated as a result of the data breach. 
groups, or countries may use the data collected by the data breach (particularly regarding information included in background investigations for security clearances), including with respect to— 
within the Federal Government, including regarding foreign policy decisions; and 
Government and friends and families of such employees for the purpose of gaining access to sensitive national security and economic information. 
agencies of the Federal Government use the best practices to protect sensitive data, including a summary of any such best practices that were not used by the Office of Personnel Management. 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ) and a Member 
Personnel Management disclosed a massive security breach that may have exposed personal information of millions of current and former Federal employees, including those who work in sensitive national security positions. Simply put, this cyber breach is unacceptable and breaks faith with those dedicated military and civilian personnel who commit their lives to keeping our country safe. 
been officially confirmed, many observers believe that individuals in China, who may have been acting on orders of the Chinese Government, were responsible for hacking into OPM databases. 
Federal employees—our foreign service officers, State Department staff, members of the intelligence community, and many others. Second, we must make clear to the rest of the world that these attacks will not be tolerated and that there will be consequences. 
amendment takes the first of many critical steps to respond to this breach. My amendment starts the process of holding OPM accountable. It makes sure we leverage the best data security practices that our intelligence agencies use to protect sensitive personal information about our military and civilian personnel who work day in and day out to keep our country safe. 
the United States Congress can play a constructive role in developing a meaningful, forceful response to cyber attacks—especially attacks aimed at our Nation’s security. We must stop these attacks and protect those who commit their lives to our safety. This amendment is an important first step in doing just that. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, we are prepared to accept the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, the Intelligence Committee, I think, in a bipartisan manner, has the same concerns as the gentleman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). 
cyber attacks, but in this case, I agree, we need to require specific reporting and briefing on the impacts of the recent OPM breach. We need to learn far more about how hackers accessed the systems, what they obtained, and how we can prevent this from happening again. In addition, this will help us understand the impact to the intelligence community. 
our public and private networks are not sufficiently secure, and they are a regular target for cyber attacks. We must do everything we can to shore them up, and we must do so now. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–155. 
an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an intelligence community assessment on the funding of political parties and nongovernmental organizations in former Soviet states and countries in Europe by the Russian Federation and the security and intelligence services of the Russian Federation since January 1, 2006. Such assessment shall include the following: 
United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ) and a Member opposed 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, my bipartisan amendment requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit a report to Congress on the funding of political parties and NGOs in former Soviet states by the Russian Federation and its associated security and intelligence services. 
Russia, led by President Vladimir Putin, is once again determined to destabilize the West and various EuroAtlantic institutions such as NATO. 
military force both in Georgia and Ukraine, Russia has employed a variety of nontraditional methods to disrupt the West. These methods include the use of propaganda through state owned media outlets such as Russia Today, manipulation of European natural gas markets, and the use of money to influence political parties and nongovernmental organizations throughout Europe. 
authors Peter Baker and Steven Erlanger highlight a series of instances in 
which the Russian Federation covertly funneled money to political organizations in Europe in order to influence various decisionmakers and parties. 
the fragmentation of institutions such as the EU and NATO, Russia hopes to achieve incremental victories like influencing the EU’s upcoming decision on whether or not to renew sanctions against them. 
As president of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly and chair of the Assembly’s U.S. delegation, I have had the opportunity to meet frequently with my European counterparts to discuss this issue. In all instances, Assembly members continue to validate and echo the concerns discussed here today. Only through an increased understanding can we begin to effectively plan and combat President Putin and a resurging Russia. 
I ask all of my colleagues to rise in 
support of this bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the gentlemen from Ohio, Alabama, and New York for their amendment, which I am proud to support. 
This amendment requires the Director of National Intelligence to provide an assessment on funding of political parties and NGOs in the former Soviet states and countries in Europe by the Russian Federation and its security and intelligence services. 
Over the past few years, we have witnessed a number of highly visible, aggressive actions by Russia, particularly in Ukraine; but Moscow’s efforts to destabilize its neighbors are also subtler and more nefarious. Russia is sponsoring and funding political parties to groom the next generation of puppets which they can control from Moscow. 
they are doing, even if what they are doing is very deep behind the scenes; so long as sources and methods are properly protected, I support this effort. 
for their work, and I urge support of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, as the 
chairman well remembers, with the cold war, there was a time when the conflict between the United States and Russia was very tense. This amendment will help us bring to bear light on the actions of Russia so that we can make certain our policies reflect the new aggressiveness of the Russian Federation. 
Mr. TURNER. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
gentleman. He is one of the most involved Members of Congress with NATO, so I know that his concerns are valid. I, too, share those concerns and would urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . FARR  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–155. 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
program of the intelligence community, including a timeline for the implementation of such program. 
automated continuous evaluation system of the Department of Defense. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
rise to offer an amendment which strengthens the process for granting security clearances to those working in the intelligence community through a continuous evaluation process. 
Intelligence Director to provide the intelligence and defense committees a report on the status of its current efforts for continuous evaluation of security clearance holders, including a timeline for its rollout. The report will also provide a costbenefit analysis of DNI’s efforts to similar efforts that are being carried on in the Department of Defense. 
in the Navy Yard in September 2013, the DOD should continuously evaluate these personnel, rather than do it every once every 5 years. 
that determines a person’s suitability and eligibility to have access to classified material by examining the person’s past and making a judgment on future reliability. Now, once cleared, a continuous evaluation process is designed to examine a person’s behavior to ensure its continued reliability. 
a process that would be a governmentwide solution for continuous personnel security evaluations. This solution is called ACES, Automated Continuous Evaluation System. 
Now, the Director of National Intelligence is also seeking its own capability for continuous evaluation. While I support the intelligence community’s requirement, their efforts may be redundant. 
DOD’s system already has measurable successes. Their system is also flexible enough to be tailored to meet any specific requirements that the intelligence community may need. 
the DNI does not work towards a continuous evaluation system in a vacuum. By working together to share lessons learned or build a common evaluation system, the DNI and the DOD can build a better program that ensures our national security and uses taxpayer dollars effectively. 
As we have all seen recently, the insider threat to our national security is real. We must continue to ensure that we remain secure by only granting security clearances to those who are suitable and reliable. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), my colleague, the 
to thank the gentleman and my good friend from California for his amendment, which I am very happy to support. 
this bill is to ensure that our intelligence agencies protect sensitive information and protect taxpayer dollars. 
these goals by requiring that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence report to Congress on its continuous evaluation process for security clearances and to compare those processes to those the Department of Defense uses. This comparative study will help identify places where we may be able to make improvements and save money. I want to thank Mr. FARR for his 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. FARR). 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–155. 
an amendment at the desk, and I offer that amendment at this time. 
RESOURCES TO DETECT, DETER, AND DEGRADE ISLAMIC STATE REVENUE MECHANISMS. 
Congress that the intelligence community should dedicate necessary resources to defeating the revenue mechanisms of the Islamic State. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the intelligence committees a report on the strategy, efforts, and resources of the intelligence community that are necessary to detect, deter, and degrade the revenue mechanisms of the Islamic State. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment and for his leadership as the chairman of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. Thank you also to Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF for supporting this 
SinemaFitzpatrick amendment is to choke off the Islamic State’s revenue stream. Our amendment directs the intelligence community to detect, deter, and degrade Islamic State’s revenue sources and to report on the strategy and resources needed for success. 
world’s most violent and dangerous terrorist groups. Its goals to build a caliphate in the Middle East and encourage attacks in Europe and the United States represent a new threat to our country and to global stability. 
terrorist organization in history, controlling a huge territory in Iraq and Syria containing significant oil resources. In 2014, the Islamic State generated approximately $1 million per day through the sale of smuggled oil, extortion, and kidnapping for ransom. 
U.S. strikes have reportedly diminished ISIL’s oil revenues, but the breadth of this terrorist organization’s 
Action Task Force estimated that ISIL now largely finances itself through extortion in the territory it controls, and another study places this extortion revenue at $360 million per year. In Iraq, ISIL levies a 5 percent tax on all withdrawals from banks, and the organization also gains tens of millions of dollars from kidnapping on an annual basis. 
To defeat ISIL and protect our country, we must cut off the Islamic State’s diverse and substantial sources of revenue. 
the time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). 
thank the chairman, and I thank my colleague Ms. SINEMA for her work on 
this important amendment and for her work as well on the task force established to investigate terrorism financing. 
Nation and our intelligence community is more diverse and sophisticated than it has ever been before. Organizations like Hezbollah, ISIS, and Boko Haram can no longer simply be considered terrorist groups. 
dangerous entities, ones with the abilities to selffinance their actions through means far beyond traditional methods, from illicit oil sales and human trafficking to regional taxation and antiquity dealing. 
evolved threats, U.S. policy must also evolve. As chair of the bipartisan Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, established by the Committee on Financial Services, I have worked with lawmakers and policy experts to guarantee the U.S. response to terror’s new revenue streams are quickly and effectively choked out. 
This amendment is important to ensure each level of our government, from Congress to the intelligence community, has identified the problem, as well as potential weaknesses, and is ready to address the threats that we face. 
By both expressing the sense of Congress that our intelligence agencies must dedicate resources to eradicate terror revenue mechanisms, as well as report to relevant committees on their strategies, this amendment strengthens the underlying bill and Congress’ understanding of our global response to 
posed by the Islamic State and groups like it circles the globe, and the United States can ill afford to combat these enemies on the battlefield alone. Any strategy against terror groups worldwide must attack not only militarily, but at their funding source. Organizations, no matter how complex, cannot effectively function without requisite resources. 
Mr. Chairman, our intelligence community is second to none, and I am certain that, together, we can formulate and carry out longterm solutions to combat terror financing. 
I thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue and Ms. SINEMA for 
minute to the gentleman from California, Ranking Member SCHIFF , and 
thank him for his leadership on national security issues. 
to thank the gentlewoman from Arizona for her amendment, as well as the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I am proud to support it. 
rise are its many sources of illicit funding. This amendment expresses the conviction of Congress that the intelligence community should dedicate resources to finding and eliminating those revenue sources and that the IC must report on its effort to do so. 
colleagues for their leadership on this issue, and I urge strong support of their amendment. 
time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). 
rise in support of this amendment and congratulate Ms. SINEMA and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , the chairman of the committee. This will help our terrorism task force efforts undermine the funding of ISIS. 
the most wellfunded terrorist threat that we have ever faced. Through the illicit sale of stolen oil and antiquities, kidnapping for ransom, extortion, bank robberies, and usurious taxation, ISIS continues to amass tens of millions of dollars. 
Stopping this flow of money to terrorists must be a top priority if we are to defeat ISIS. Unfortunately, earlier this month, the President admitted he does not have a comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS. 
This amendment will require the Director of National Intelligence to submit to Congress the current efforts they use to undermine the funding of ISIS, increasing our ability to ensure these efforts are a priority. 
amendment. I will look forward to the continued bipartisan support of the Financial Services Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. b1530 
of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, I am working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to keep money out of the hands of terrorists and to find solutions like this amendment, which strengthens America’s security. 
leadership on this issue. I also thank Chairman NUNES , Ranking Member 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, we are prepared to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–155. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on possibilities for growing national security cooperation between the United States, India, and Israel. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I appreciate the support of my colleagues from California, Ohio, North Carolina, Arizona, and New York, who are coleaders on this effort. They are Mr. BERA, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
and ranking member of the Intelligence Committee for their support of this amendment. 
the cooperation between the world’s oldest democracy, the world’s largest democracy, and a true democracy within the Middle East. That is the United States, India, and Israel. In recent years, the United States has expanded relations with Israel, as well as with India, in a number of areas. 
work more and more together on a bilateral basis. Of course, that is because a lot of their interests overlap, but it is 
countries can be doing together in the realm of scientific cooperation, research, best practices, national security implementation, defense, and much, much more. 
There is also a lot that we can learn 
from each other, whether it is about drip irrigation to build food supplies, desalinization to address water shortages, or refrigeration practices to prevent the kind of food spoilage that leads to hunger, not to mention how much potential there is in technological research and economic development. 
deals with a narrow portion of these areas because the underlying bill is limited to security issues, but it is a 
StatesIndia relationship has the potential to be the world’s most important ‘‘big country’’ relationship in the 21st century. As our ties with India grow, it is important to see the India Israel ties increasing as well. 
former cochair of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans, I have met with many members of the Indian American community, and I have consistently heard from visiting members of India’s Government that there is a genuine desire to expand relations between India and Israel now and in the future. 
that, in the coming months, India’s Prime Minister will become the first ever Indian Prime Minister to travel to Israel. We are going to see the leader of what will be the world’s most populous nation visiting and engaging with one of the smallest nations. 
The sky is really the limit on this effort going forward, and that is why the amendment asks the Director of National Intelligence to submit to Congress a plan on how to grow the U.S. IndiaIsrael national security relationship. This is a real possibility, and I hope the DNI can identify a solid number of ways to work together even more in the future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, Mr. HOLDING  
was just here, but unfortunately, he got called away to another meeting because I know he worked closely with Mr. CROWLEY and others as chair of the 
India Caucus, and he wanted me to express his strong support for this amendment. I also urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman 
Mr. Chair, working with international partners is an essential element of the IC’s mission to understand the global threat environment, as well as the political, social, and economic trends around the world. 
close friend and ally, as well as a vital source of intelligence about the world’s most volatile region. In recent years, India, the world’s largest democracy, has upgraded its bilateral relationships with both the United States and Israel. Given India’s complex relationship with both Pakistan and China, exploring the potential for enhanced trilateral intelligence cooperation is very much in our interest. 
the DNI to report to Congress on the potential for intelligence sharing is timely, and I urge the House to support it. 
let me thank Mr. NUNES , the chair of 
the committee, as well as the ranking member, Mr. SCHIFF , for their support 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–155. 
cyber incidents for the purposes of determining the response to such incidents; and 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the complete findings of such study. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) and a Member 
Chairman, I am grateful for Chairman NUNES and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence for their leadership on this important legislation. 
here to hear the presentation by Congressman JOECROWLEY relative to promoting a better relationship with the world’s largest democracy, India, by the world’s oldest democracy, the United States. 
He and I have served as the past co 
chairs of the Caucus of India and Indian Americans, and I know of his commitment to promoting a better relationship between India and the United States. 
Management revealed they were the targets of an extended cyber attack on Federal employee personnel records. These attacks stole personal data, such as Social Security numbers, financial information, and security clearance documents, putting the personal and financial security of our citizens at risk. 
Recently, we have seen a growing number of cyber attacks on government Web sites, national retailers, and small businesses. Indeed, according to Symantec, most businesses reported a completed or an attempted cyber attack in the last year, and 60 percent of those facing an attack were small or mediumsized businesses. These cyber attacks are a sober reminder to Congress that all government agencies need to work together to better protect their public and private networks. 
had a number of questions: Who is behind it? Is it an agent of a foreign government or a nonstate actor? How many records were affected? What kind of information was accessed? 
As of now, we gather this information through various government agencies, and each uses a different measure to assess and quantify the damage of the attack, so we waste valuable time and resources when trying to piece together a response. 
measurement for cyber attacks that can be used across all government agencies and military branches. By putting government agencies and branches of the military on the same 
of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the FBI, and the Secretary of Defense, to conduct a study to define a method of measuring a cyber incident so we can determine an appropriate response. 
Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, it is apparent that cyber is a new domain of warfare. This amendment is a critical first step in building a more comprehensive cyber defense system. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
like to thank the gentleman from South Carolina for his important amendment. 
There is a limit to how effective a defensive cyber strategy can be because, while we have to defend everything at all times, our adversaries get to attack everywhere and need to be successful only once, so we need to create a more effective deterrent, which this amendment will help further. 
the Director of National Intelligence report to Congress on how we measure cyber attacks so that we can know how best to respond once we are attacked or to communicate in advance how we would respond if we were attacked. Measuring the scale and effects of cyber attacks is no easy task, especially as we must factor in second and third order effects. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–155. 
transit, and destination countries for wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives and how such products or derivatives are trafficked. 
countries identified as major source, transit, and destination countries to counter wildlife trafficking and to adhere to their international treaty obligations relating to endangered or threatened species. 
vulnerabilities that can be used to counter wildlife trafficking. 
facilitators, including government officials, that are supporting wildlife trafficking. 
of wildlife trafficking globally and the financial flows that enables wildlife trafficking. 
trafficking on the national security of the United States. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) and a Member opposed each 
ranking member on the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee, Mr. KEATING from Massachusetts, requires the Director of National Intelligence to produce a report on wildlife trafficking, how terrorist organizations are involved, how they are making money off of wildlife trafficking, and the impact it has on U.S. national security. 
During our Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee hearing on this very issue in February, we learned that rhinos and elephants are on the path to extinction. 
there were approximately 65,000 rhinos in Africa. Since then, about 1,000 a year have been killed, and now, there are only 5,000 left in Africa. That is a 94 percent drop in those rhinos. There are only five white rhinos in the whole world. 
Elephants are not faring much better. From 2002 to 2010, the elephant population across Africa dropped 66 percent. Back in the thirties and forties, Mr. Chairman, there were approximately 5 million African elephants. Now there are about a half a million African elephants. 
this photograph that was taken last year. He was, presumably, the oldest elephant that was in existence in Africa. He was killed last year for his tusks, which almost touched the ground. In fact, National Geographic, a year ago today, did an article on him and how he was killed for his tusks and how other elephants are being killed for their tusks. He was about 46 years old when he was killed for those tusks. 
on the increase over the last few years is that there is a low risk of apprehension, and it is easy to commit these crimes. Also, even when someone is captured, penalties for wildlife trafficking are far less than for drug trafficking. 
rhino horns? The number one country in the world that is the consumer of the illegal ivory trade is China. Vietnam is the number one country in the world that uses the illegal trade of rhino horns. This is where these tusks and these rhino horns go, and it brings in a lot of money. 
horns—if I remember my math correctly, that is 2.2 pounds—sells for $60,000. So there is a lot more money involved in the sale of rhino horns and 
of elephant tusks than even of gold and platinum. 
about $10 billion to $20 billion a year. It should come as no surprise that terrorist organizations are also involved in this criminal enterprise, like al Qaeda’s affiliate al Shabaab and like Joseph Kony’s Lord’s Resistance Army. They are cashing in on the illegal wildlife trafficking. 
have become very sophisticated in the sense that they no longer just shoot elephants, for example, because that makes a noise, that warns them. They are even being poisoned. An elephant is poisoned, and the elephant dies. 
Then, when people approach the elephant, they not only see the dead elephant, but they see other animals that 
were feeding on the carcass of the elephant, and they are all dead, too, so that the poachers can get those tusks. They have become very innovative. 
Local park rangers are underresourced; they are illequipped; and some of them are corrupt as well. So we can’t fight what we don’t know. 
terrorist involvement in wildlife trafficking—that is murky, so we need to find out, for example: How much money do terrorists get from wildlife trafficking? Who are the key facilitators of the trade? What government officials are complicit? What impact does this have on the U.S. national security? 
This amendment requires the Director of National Intelligence to report to Congress on these and other questions. The better we understand the threat, the better we understand what is happening and how terrorists are involved in the illegal killing of rhinos and elephants, the more effective we can be against fighting those terrorists. And that is just the way it is. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed. 
to thank the gentlemen from Texas and Massachusetts for their amendment, which I am proud to support. 
The trafficking of wildlife by terrorist organizations is an important issue, not only because it threatens to wipe out elephants, rhinos, and tigers, but also because it could threaten our national security. The World Wildlife Fund estimates that the amount of money generated by wildlife trafficking trade reaches into the hundreds of millions of dollars, and much of this goes to fund terrorists, including The Lord’s Resistance Army, alShabaab, and Boko Haram. That is money going into the coffers of those who every day seek to harm us and others. 
We must put our intelligence professionals to the task. We must understand from beginning to end how terrorists acquire, transfer, and profit from wildlife trafficking. This is the first step to putting an end to it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. I yield back the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–155. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
plays in radicalization in the United States and elsewhere. 
of social media posts by terrorists and terrorist organizations. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) and a Member opposed each 
Mr. Chairman, terrorists’ use of social media has exploded over the past several years. A recent study by The Brookings Institution found that ISIS had over 40,000 Twitter accounts. Terrorist groups from ISIS to the Taliban use social media platforms to recruit, to radicalize, to spread propaganda, and to raise money. I have seen fan pages for the Khorasan Group, an online press conference held on Twitter by the al Qaeda branch in Yemen, and we all remember alShabaab live tweeting the murder of 72 people in Kenya. All terrorist groups. 
clear. Social media is easy to use, it is free, and it reaches huge audiences across the world. We need to better understand why terrorists’ use of social 
media is effective and what impact it is having on the world. 
This bipartisan amendment is cosponsored by the ranking member on our Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, Mr. KEATING  
from Massachusetts. This amendment requires the Director of National Intelligence to assess four parts of the social media problem: First, what role does social media play in radicalizing people in the United States and abroad? 
recent years has been fueled, in part, by terrorists’ use of social media. Just recently, in Garland, Texas, two individuals claiming ISIS connections were killed while they were attacking an assembly on free speech and peaceable assembly of religion. Evidence shows that they had some social connection, social media connection with ISIS. The Boston bombers made two pressure cooker bombs. The recipes for those bombs were published before the attack in al Qaeda’s Inspire magazine. That magazine was released and promoted on social media. 
using social media? Social media is constantly evolving, just like terrorists’ use of social media platforms. Following online trends is an essential element in putting resources where they have the most impact. We need to make fastpaced improvements in this area as new trends and platforms emerge. 
value of terrorists’ posts? In 2012, a number of my colleagues and I sent a letter to the FBI asking, What intelligence value is terrorists’ use of social media? The FBI has not come up with an answer. We need a detailed understanding from the whole intelligence community on just how valuable the intelligence is that we are getting from terrorists’ use of social media. 
radicalization, and recruitment by terrorists impact U.S. national security? We know social media is a valuable tool to the terrorists just by how often they use it. Unfortunately, the United States is way behind on countering terrorists’ use of social media, so we should do more. Terrorists like ISIS are out to destroy us. We have to fight to defeat them on every battlefield, and that includes in social media. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, social 
media, like any other form of communication, can be exploited by bad actors for nefarious purposes. While we are lucky to live in a time of remarkable innovation that brings us closer to 
one another no matter what our geographical distance may be, our adversaries use the same tools to spread hateful and dangerous messages across the globe. 
that calls on the intelligence community to provide Congress with greater information about how terrorist organizations use social media for fundraising, radicalization, and recruitment. Armed with that knowledge, we are more capable of stopping them. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. I yield back the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–155. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a comprehensive report on the United States counterterrorism strategy to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), al Qaeda, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. 
including a list of which known groups constitute an affiliate group of ISIL or alQaeda; 
Qaeda, including a list of which known groups constitute an associated group of ISIL or alQaeda; 
including a description of what actions a group takes or statements it makes that qualify it as a group aligned with ISIL or al Qaeda. 
weakening of ISIL or alQaeda, its affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents, from January 1, 2010, to the present, including a description of the metrics that are used to assess strengthening or weakening and an assessment of the relative increase or decrease in violent attacks attributed to such entities. 
counterterrorism operations against ISIL or core alQaeda, their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents, and whether such operations have had a sustained impact on the capabilities and effectiveness of ISIL or core alQaeda, their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 315, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) and a Member opposed each 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment requires a strategy to defeat ISIS and other likeminded groups. It is incredible that after 4 years of the rise of ISIS, we still have to talk about needing a strategy, but here we are. 
that? Well, in 4 years the United States mobilized the whole country and had to fight two wars—one in the Pacific and one in Europe—during World War II, and we were successful in protecting the United States, but here after 4 years of the rise of ISIS, we are not sure even what our strategy is. 
land is a top priority for ISIS. Its own credibility is wrapped up in the idea of establishing a caliphate. Without land, ISIS has no caliphate. Without a caliphate, ISIS loses its legitimacy among its hardcore fighters. Controlling land is also how ISIS makes a lot of its money. See, ISIS extorts the people that it controls. It also taxes them. ISIS is still bringing in millions of dollars a day by other illegal activities. The only way to stop that source of 
money is by taking back land that ISIS controls. Because ISIS is embedded in civilian populations, U.S. airstrikes are not enough to take the land back. The Iraqi Army is still too unprofessional to show that they are up to the job, and we have all seen ourselves how the Iraqis have dropped American weapons and run. We have yet to give the Kurds the weapons they need to fight for themselves, and we don’t expect the dictator Assad to get the job done. 
bigger. Thousands of foreign fighters are still streaming into Iraq and Syria from other countries. Outside of Iraq and Syria, ISIS still has 10 networks, not including Iraq and Syria. There are three in Libya, two in Saudi Arabia, and one each in the Sinai, Nigeria, Yemen, Algeria, and one in Pakistan and Afghanistan. 
government control, but the ISIS affiliate in Saudi Arabia recently pulled off two successful suicide attack bombings in 2 weeks. Its affiliate in Yemen has taken advantage of the fall of the government to take over more land. The ISIS affiliate in Libya is running free in a lawless area throughout the same country that killed our Ambassador and three other Americans. All of ISIS’ 10 networks are growing stronger, not weaker, by the day. 
United States would defeat and dismantle ISIS. Well, here we are a year later; we still do not have that strategy. That is at least according to the President himself last week when he was meeting with the world leaders at the G7 summit. He said: We do not yet have a complete strategy against ISIS. 
This amendment requires the Director of National Intelligence to report to Congress within 6 months a complete strategy to defeat ISIS and other groups like it. The same amendment did pass unanimously last year with this committee’s support. So I ask Members to support it once again this year and make it become the law of the land. Today’s terrorists control more land than they have at anytime since World War II. We need a strategy; we need a plan; and we need it soon. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, it is critical that the United States continue to refine and implement a comprehensive and aggressive strategy to counter ISIL, al Qaeda, and their affiliates, but that responsibility does not lie with the Director of National Intelligence. The DNI’s job is to ensure that our national leadership, who do generate our counterterrorism strategy, have the timeliest, most germane, and detailed information to be sure our strategy will be successful. 
National Intelligence. Our intelligence community must be free to collect and assess intelligence outside of the scope of political decisions to be sure their analysis remains impartial and objective. 
amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. The amendment 
does state that the Director of National Intelligence will work with other appropriate agencies. 
that this Nation does not have a plan to deal with ISIS. This amendment says Congress will move forward and expect and put into law that we will have a plan; we will have a strategy; and if the Director of National Intelligence is not an individual who is supposed to help form that plan, then I don’t know who would be. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, with respect to my colleague, we have a strategy with respect to defeating al Qaeda and ISIL, with respect to the war in Syria and Iraq. It is a comprehensive strategy and, frankly, it is a difficult strategy to implement. It is a strategy that involves cutting off terrorism financing. It is a strategy that involves cutting off the flow of foreign fighters into Syria and Iraq. It is a strategy that involves drying up the resources, the propaganda, the attacking of the recruitment mechanism of ISIS. It is a strategy that involves enlisting the support of our partners in the region and within the Islamic world to combat the perversion of their faith that is used to recruit people to this jihad. It is a strategy that is also military in character, that employs our air assets, that seeks to train and assist Iraqi forces. So we have a strategy. It is comprehensive, and it is tough. 
While I recognize that there is frustration that many of my colleagues have that our strategy has thus far not borne more success—and I share that frustration—I have yet to hear any of my colleagues offer an alternative. It is one thing to bash the administration because you don’t like the strategy; it is another to ignore the fact that we have a strategy or to propose improvements to it. 
amendment is whether the top intelligence official in the country should be charged with the responsibility of developing the policy to defeat ISIS, and I think it is rather his responsibility to make sure that the policymakers in Congress and the administration have the very best intelligence to inform those decisions. 
We see, frankly, this misunderstanding of the role of the intelligence community many times even in our committee when committee members will ask witnesses from the intelligence community to state policy positions on how they think certain policies should be implemented when that is really not their responsibility. 
to perfect our strategy, improve our strategy, and the execution of that strategy, I don’t believe that this is something that we should lay at the feet of the Director of National Intelligence. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I don’t have anything to say, believe it or not, Mr. Chairman, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I move that 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WESTMORELAND ) at 5 p.m. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 315 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2596. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 
2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, with Mr. POEof Texas 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–155 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) had been disposed 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 246, not voting 11, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Rush 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter 
Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. POMPEO, WITTMAN, JOYCE, and D ESANTIS changed 
Messrs. COHEN and MASSIE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) having assumed the 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2596) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 315, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
H.R. 2596 to the Select Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select) with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
civilian aviation, the Director of National Intelligence shall identify and share with all 
appropriate Federal departments and agencies, including the Transportation Security Administration— 
changing threats used by terrorists to evade airport screening operations; and 
coordination with the heads of each element of the intelligence community, shall prioritize efforts and dedicate sufficient resources to uncover and to foil attempts to steal the private personal information of United States persons, including Social Security numbers, dates of birth, employment information, and health records, insofar as— 
was compromised by the attacks on Anthem Health Insurance and CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield; 
29,000,000 Americans were compromised in data breaches between 2010 and 2013; and 
Federal employees were compromised by a series of recently discovered attacks against the Office of Personnel Management, including records related to the background investigations of current, former, and prospective Federal employees. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
we are considering the intelligence authorization bill today, as there have been several troubling incidents in the last few weeks that require an immediate response by the Congress. 
the aisle care deeply about airport security and cybersecurity, and we agree that Congress must do everything possible to keep the American people safe. 
were 73 people employed at airports across the country that should have been disqualified for employment because they are on a terrorist watch list. The American people deserve the highest level of security at our airports, and, quite frankly, I believe for all of us the status quo is unacceptable. 
While it is easy for us to blame the 
TSA for this lapse in security, it is shocking that the TSA does not have access and that the current policy does not authorize them to have access to the information that they need so that 
they can keep us safe, nor do other appropriate agencies. 
needed at TSA, we should all agree that they should have all the information they need to do their jobs. It is critical that our intelligence and security agencies are sharing information with each other because they have the same mission—keeping the American people safe. 
states that the Director of National Intelligence must provide all information on new and changing terrorist threats and the updated terrorist watch list information to TSA and to anybody else in the government that needs to have it. 
sharing, I think everybody in this Chamber knows that we must address cybersecurity. Cyber attacks are becoming a routine event in the United States today, and it demands an immediate response and investigation. Americans deserve the peace of mind in knowing that their personal information is secure and not vulnerable to hacking by cyber criminals, yet there is a growing list of recent incidents that continues to put the privacy of everyday Americans, our constituents, at risk. 
records of Federal employees at the Office of Personnel Management and a hack of 80 million records at Anthem Health Insurance and CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield are just a few of the prominent examples of this growing threat. And who is paying the price? Working families. 
about in the newspapers, there are many more that are going unreported or, worse, undetected. In fact, some security experts are concerned that China is now building a massive database with the personal information of many, many American citizens. 
are increasingly becoming targets of cyber attacks. With a recent report estimating that this is costing our economy more than $445 billion, we simply cannot wait any longer to protect the privacy of everyday Americans from hackers and cyber criminals in Russia and China. 
This motion to recommit simply requires the Director of National Intelligence to prioritize efforts to uncover and foil attempts to steal the private, personal information of Americans. This is the least we can do to respond to the attacks on the privacy of the American people. Let’s show the American people that Congress is listening. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, this motion to recommit is nothing more than a poison pill designed to destroy the 
hard work that has gone into crafting this legislation. 
the motion to recommit proposes. It helps the Federal Government, including the patriotic men and women of our intelligence community, address the critical national security issues facing this country. As anyone who worked on it in the committee or took the time to come down and read the annex knows, this bill already funds intelligence community personnel who protect our networks. 
community is wrestling with some of the greatest national security threats in our country’s history. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 240, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 247, noes 178, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson 
Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Huelskamp Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
during the votes today I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. 
If I had been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 315; ‘‘no’’ on the Schiff/Smith (WA) Amendment to H.R. 2596; ‘‘yes’’ on the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 2596; and ‘‘no’’ on final passage of H.R. 2596. 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 2596, INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 2596, to correct section numbers, punctuation, and crossreferences, and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House, including changing ‘‘line 17’’ to ‘‘line 11’’ in the instruction in amendment No. 3 by the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ) be removed as a cosponsor from H.R. 1942. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Hampshire? 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to recognize Tucson Fire Department Captain Diana Benson for her many years of service to the community upon her upcoming retirement. 
women in the Tucson Fire Department, the first career female firefighter, and the first female lead training officer. During her 25 years in the department, she has been a pioneer and role model. 
Captain Benson served on the technical rescue team, a highly specialized crew responsible for conducting swift water, extrication, and rope rescues. She has been a reliable leader in the department who initiated numerous peer fitness programs and also served as a member of the Tucson Fire Honor Guard. She has been highly involved in Camp Fury and the cadet program, serving as a mentor to Tucson youth and opening doors to nontraditional careers, such as firefighting, for girls. 
impact on the department and legacy of excellence lasting over two decades will be lasting. I wish her all the best in her upcoming retirement. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
the past 2 weeks, we have learned that the data millions of Americans entrusted to the Office of Personnel Management have been taken as a result of a cybersecurity breach. 
Since 2007, OPM’s inspector general has documented repeated deficiencies in information security practices. Yet OPM’s response has been glacial, and its systems remain antiquated. It was only after a security breach last year that OPM finally, in its 2016 budget request, asked for additional funds for the Office of Chief Information Officer. Well, it is about time. 
is: Why did OPM underinvest in cybersecurity before that breach happened? While I would hope that we find a definitive answer during oversight hearings, there is one thing that certainly contributed to the problem. There was no one in charge of cybersecurity with both policy and budgetary authorities to compel action. 
Even as we rely on agencies to be primarily responsible for protecting their networks, we lack a Federal cyber coordinator with budgetary authority to review agency spending and security plans. My Executive Cyberspace Coordination Act would remedy this by providing for a Senateconfirmed independent officer with the power to compel agency action. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today to congratulate the Chanhassen High School baseball team on winning the Minnesota State title last week with a 2–0 championship game victory. The Storm rode the arm of Jack 
Schnettler in the finals as the senior tossed a complete game shutout to clinch the second State athletic title in the school’s short history. 
of a Ty Denzer single in the third inning. In addition, fine work with the glove behind the Storm ace helped hold their opponents from Lakeville North at bay. 
of skill and mental toughness, and it is clear that the players from Chanhassen have both. In addition to the time spent on the practice field, student athletes have to balance their work in the classroom and any family responsibilities they have as well. Their dedication and commitment is commendable. 
of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
New Mexico. Madam Speaker, I rise to acknowledge and honor a group of World War II veterans from New Mexico who visited Washington, D.C., last week. They came to visit the memorials, their memorials, that are dedicated to honor their service and sacrifices. 
We have about 5,000 World War II veterans in New Mexico, and I appreciate the efforts of the Williamson Foundation in supporting the veterans by organizing this week’s Honor Flight. 
While I am sure each veteran appreciated the opportunity to visit the memorials, I know many of them were just as impressed with the gratitude expressed by their fellow New Mexicans for their service. Huge crowds greeted them at the airport in Albuquerque. One veteran said he had never received a thank you before this trip. 
and sacrificed a lot during the war in Europe, north Africa, and the Pacific. 
all veterans have done for our great Nation. I thank them for their service. 
ACKNOWLEDGING THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF 2012 DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS PROGRAM 
today to acknowledge the third anniversary of President Obama’s 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, commonly known as DACA. 
for House Republicans to move forward on immigration reform, the DACA program has provided temporary relief for hundreds of thousands of families to continue their studies and contribute to our economy. Since its enactment, more than 750,000 young people, including 88,000 Texans, have successfully applied for DACA. 
recent court actions delaying President Obama’s expansion of the DACA program, I remain hopeful that millions more immigrant families will one day be able to fully contribute to the prosperity of our country. 
the DallasFort Worth metroplex, I will host a DACADAPA informational forum with Congressman LUIS 
expand DACA and initiate DAPA programs are temporarily stalled in the courts, I am committed to fighting for immigrant families nationwide, so they can come out of the shadows and live the American Dream. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
stand here today to join my colleagues in a bipartisan call for action for better funding and support for Alzheimer’s research. The Alzheimer’s Association of Greater Michigan, which is headquartered in my district, the 14th Congressional District of Michigan, supports more than 140,000 people and their families. 
Institute, those numbers are going to increase unless treatments or cures are developed. The institute estimates the number of people 65 and older with Alzheimer’s will nearly triple to 13.8 million, and the U.S. healthcare costs for Alzheimer’s will skyrocket to $1.1 trillion per year, with more than $700 million coming out of Medicare and Medicaid. 
healthcare disaster that it has become. It is time to take this epidemic seriously. It is time to guard against the threat it poses to our families, our districts, healthcare system, and our Nation. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
night, I wore my number 35 Tony Esposito Chicago Blackhawks jersey from the 1970s, and I watched what I could never have imagined in those days, a Chicago Blackhawks Stanley 
Cup dynasty; but thanks to the leadership of owner, Rocky Wirtz, and an amazing team put together by Stan Bowman and led by Coach Q, the Hawks won their third Stanley Cup in 6 years. 
Hossa, Seabrook, Hjalmarsson, and Sharp have been there for all three. This year, Duncan Keith was awarded the Conn Smythe MVP trophy, but this was truly a team effort. 
organization for once again making us proud and bringing the Stanley Cup back to Chicago. 
afternoon, House Republican leaders used a trick to pass a new rule to revote the joboutsourcing, unfair, fasttrack TransPacific Partnership trade deal. They buried the revote in the intelligence authorization. 
wants to buy itself another month to make deals, trading favors and funding pet projects in this district or that district, in exchange for a vote against the best interests of the American people, jobs in America with good wages. 
to repair our roads, bridges, and harbors all across this country. Imagine a bill to be fasttracked to renew the powers of the ExportImport Bank that actually increases exports and jobs in this country. 
through Congress with House Republican leaders bending the rules and breaking regular order. Intelligence authorization bills should not be another name for secret fasttrack life support. 
Congress to move on from fast track to a real fair trade deal that creates jobs and good wages in America for a change. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) is recognized for 60 
our country, we are seeing a tale of two economies, to where there are pockets of prosperity, but unfortunately, through many of our rural communities, we continue to see challenges. 
keeping records, we are seeing more small businesses shut down than there are now business startups. Businesses across this country are suffering under the burden of $2 trillion—$2 trillion—in 
we are seeing now the cost of a loaf of bread, the clothes that we buy for our children to be able to go back to school, and that gallon of milk costs more via taxation by regulation that is impacting our ability to create jobs. 
Colorado, composed of rural communities, 29 counties of Colorado’s 64, 54,000 miles of the State of Colorado, many of our counties are still suffering in doubledigit unemployment when it comes down to the real number. 
able to address specifically this evening are being specifically challenged, Moffat County and Rio Blanco County, on the west slope of Colorado, one of the most beautiful places that anyone can visit. 
something called the Colowyo Mine, a coal mine. We encourage people to be able to come and see a coal mine with good technology, providing affordable electricity, providing jobs, and providing also clear blue skies with that technology. Those are currently being challenged. 
that came out, one that was in response to a suit that was brought by an extreme environmental group that challenged the 2007 issuance of the Office of Surface Mining permit for the Colowyo Mine to be able to operate. 
That is challenging now 200 jobs because the court has ruled that a new NEPA process, a supplemental process, must be performed within 120 days, an extremely short period of time. 
are relying on that job to be able to provide for their children, to be able to support that community, are now feeling threatened by policies not only in terms of the NEPA process, but now by the ruling of the Court as well in response to a suit filed by this extreme environmental group. 
face. We need the Secretary of the Interior to respond. These families’ jobs cannot wait. Being able to put food on the table for their children cannot wait for this process to be able to play out. 
We encourage the Secretary to deploy all necessary resources to be able to respond to that emergency NEPA process, to be able to get it done in that 120day period of time, or to be able to also look at the propriety of challenging that ruling by going in and filing an appeal. 
They certainly are in my district. Those families that are relying on goodpaying coal jobs, families that love where they live, love their environment, and support their community are now seeing their livelihoods, their future being challenged. 
We encourage the Secretary, on behalf of American families, families in my district that are struggling to be able to succeed or to just be able to 
provide for themselves, to be able to respond in a timely manner, to be able to address this so that we can secure those jobs and secure affordable electricity as well. 
that it can be done right—Craig, Colorado, blue skies and a coalfired power plant. There is an opportunity for us to be able to create a winwin. 
are on fixed incomes, if you care about young families right now that are struggling to be able to pay the bills and to be able to provide for their young children, we are seeing that taxation via regulation coming out of policy. 
preserve the jobs. Let’s work with all of the above. That has been embraced in my district. We have seen the opportunity to be able to create hydroelectric power, wind, solar, geothermal, also to responsibly develop oil, gas, oil shale, and coal. 
Right now, the problem for the people in the Third District, specifically in Rio Blanco and Moffat Counties, is urgent. They are families that I have talked to. I have looked in their eyes. They will do it responsibly. They want to be able to do it well, not only for the community, but for their families as well. 
mindful that those jobs impact others. These are the families that support the local grocery store, the local hardware store; these are the families that provide for the health of that community. 
the Secretary of the Interior to respond to American families whose jobs are currently being threatened, deploy the necessary resources to be able to carry out that supplemental NEPA, get the job done in time to protect those jobs. 
and explore that proprietary notion of filing an appeal, to make sure that we get a stay and keep those jobs moving, because the message that my folks out of Craig, out of Rio Blanco County want to be able to communicate is their bills won’t stop. Their children’s needs will not be met unless we see a response out of the Department of the Interior to be able to stand up for good paying coal jobs in western Colorado. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
for the next hour, we will be talking about an issue that really confronts every American family, an issue that 
has brought devastation, fear, and sadness to virtually every family in this Nation. 
and Alzheimer’s. We are going to talk about the way in which it literally tears families apart as their loved one’s mind, recollections, and ability to handle their own affairs seems to dissipate. 
This is an issue that currently confronts around 5 million Americans and their families. This is an issue that will grow exponentially over the next 25 to 30 years to the point where maybe 16 million American families are going to be affected by it. 
It is also an issue that we can deal 
with. It is an issue that we can see the cost. Let me put up this chart here, and we will talk about the cost of Alzheimer’s quickly. 
and it is resulting in extraordinary cost increases. If you look at 2015, on Medicare and Medicaid programs, the Federal Government will spend $153 billion on Alzheimer’s. In 2020, it will grow to $182 billion. And then it is anticipated—as one of our colleagues spoke during a 1minute speech—that by 2050, it will grow to over $1 trillion. This is an issue for the Federal Government. It is an issue for every family. 
here that really displays what an investment by the American people can do. If you take a look at the reasons why people die most commonly in the United States—breast cancer, prostate cancer, heart disease, stroke, HIV—you will notice that in every one of these, we have seen a decline in the mortality from these illnesses. 
Breast cancer declining just marginally. Prostate cancer, a significant decline of around 11 percent. Heart disease declined by 14 percent; stroke by 21; and HIV, while still prevalent and still common, the death rate is down by more than 50 percent. 
This one over here is Alzheimer’s disease; a 71 percent increase in the number of deaths due to Alzheimer’s. 
She spent the last 2 years of her life living with my wife, Patty, and I in our home. We cared for her at night. We, fortunately, were able to have someone come in to help us during the day. And that is really the story of most Alzheimer’s now. You are either in a nursing home or you are cared for in the home. 
there are families, like mine, that are caring as best they can in a very difficult situation. Ours, fortunately, was not so difficult. But, nonetheless, after twoplus years, my motherinlaw did die. 
So what can we do about it? I want to put up one more chart here, 
and then I want to turn to my colleagues. If you will remember on that chart I just put up, death rates are declining for cancer. There is a reason. And the reason is the annual expenditure for cancer research has been just under $5.5 billion for the last few years. For HIV/AIDS, nearly $3 billion of research annually. Cardiovascular, heart disease, over $2 billion. 
climbs, we are spending just over $566 million—not billion, million. So we shouldn’t be surprised when we see this: declines in the cancer rates, deaths from cancer, stroke, heart disease, HIV. And then Alzheimer’s. 
in just 25 years on dealing with Alzheimer’s, and some 16 million Americans will have that illness. 
news just happened today, and I want to commend my Republican colleague TOMCOLEfrom Oklahoma, chairman of 
the Appropriations Health and Human Services Subcommittee, who moved to increase Alzheimer’s research from $566 million to almost $900 million. 
of that subcommittee, and you are doing the right thing. You are doing the right thing by 5 million Americans who suffer from Alzheimer’s today, and you are doing the right thing for their families. 
And I think House has the opportunity also to stand with TOMCOLEand 
to do the right thing by Americans, and that is, increase this research funding. 
coming. If you read the articles, if you read the scientific journals, we are coming to an understanding of this 
very, very difficult disease for which there is no early detection, for which there is no cure, and for which there is only one exit, and that is death. So we can deal with this. 
those 5 million Americans with Alzheimer’s and their families, we can do something. We can increase the funding for research. 
carried legislation on this for years. She has been the cochair of the Alzheimer’s Caucus. If she will join us and share with us her work and what is happening from her perspective. 
thank my friend and colleague from California, Congressman JOHN 
GARAMENDI , for yielding, and I commend him for organizing this Special Order on Alzheimer’s disease in honor of the month of June, which is Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. 
Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease, I know how devastating this disease can be for our patients, families, and caregivers. I am proud to lead the task force along with my cochairs, Congressman CHRIS SMITH, Congressman 
CHAKA FATTAH . Alzheimer’s is a tragic disease which 
has no effective treatment, no means of prevention, and no method for slowing progression of the disease. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5 million Americans were living with Alzheimer’s disease in 2013. This number is expected to almost triple to 14 million by the year 2050. 
Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease calls for a cure or an effective treatment for Alzheimer’s by the year 2025. Reaching this goal will require a significant increase in Federal funding for Alzheimer’s research. 
I, therefore, introduced H.R. 237, a bipartisan resolution which calls for a 
significant increase in Alzheimer’s research funding and declares that achieving the primary goal of the national plan—to prevent and effectively treat Alzheimer’s by 2025—is an urgent national priority. A similar resolution was introduced in the Senate by Senator SUSAN COLLINS of Maine. 
Appropriations Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee requesting robust funding for Alzheimer’s research at the National Institutes of Health in the coming fiscal year. The letter was signed by a bipartisan group of 63 Members of Congress. I was pleased to learn that the subcommittee recently proposed a $300 million increase for Alzheimer’s research. 
As we pursue the goals of a cure for 
Alzheimer’s, we must also do everything we can to assist the patients, families, and caregivers who are living with Alzheimer’s every day. That is why I am introducing Alzheimer’s Action Now, a set of bills that together will help Alzheimer’s patients and their families; promote public awareness; and encourage voluntary contributions to research efforts. The various bills in the Alzheimer’s Action Now address different challenges presented by Alzheimer’s disease. 
Act authorizes grants to public and nonprofit organizations to expand training and support services for families and caregivers of Alzheimer’s patients. With the majority of Alzheimer’s patients living at home, under the care of family and friends, it is important that we ensure these caregivers have access to the training and resources they need to provide effective, compassionate care. 
The Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program Reauthorization Act reauthorizes a Department of Justice program. It helps local communities and law enforcement officials quickly identify persons with Alzheimer’s disease who wander away from their homes and reunite them with their families. This program saves law enforcement officials valuable time and allows them to focus on other security concerns. It also reduces injuries and deaths among Alzheimer’s patients, and it brings peace of mind to their families. 
Semipostal Stamp Act requires the U.S. Postal Service to issue and sell a semipostal stamp, with the proceeds helping to fund Alzheimer’s research at NIH. This bill will raise public awareness and encourage concerned individuals to get involved and to make voluntary contributions to Alzheimer’s research efforts. The bill is modeled on the popular and successful Breast Cancer Research semipostal stamp. 
Our Nation is at a crucial and critical crossroads. The situation requires decisive action to search for a cure and protect the millions of Americans currently living with Alzheimer’s disease. Together, we must take every possible action to improve treatments for Alzheimer’s patients, support caregivers, raise public awareness, and invest in research to find a cure for this dreadful disease. 
from California, with whom I have worked for many, many years, for, again, organizing yet another night’s Special Order to bring attention to Alzheimer’s disease. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gentlewoman from California who has been a leader in this disease and dealing with the problems of it for many, many years. And your work Ms. WATERS is 
paying off. The work that you have done organizing us, Members of Congress, to petition the subcommittee paid off—a 50 percent increase, a 50 percent increase, and I think it has got a good chance of staying in. This is really really good news and the rest of the legislation piece by piece we are going to get at this. 
over to our colleague from New York BRIAN HIGGINS . We have spoken on this 
issue before. Mr. H IGGINS , thank you so 
very much. If you will share your thoughts with us on this disease and what we might do to deal with it. 
from California and thank you for your leadership on this and so many issues that are of critical importance to our Nation and our future. 
June is Alzheimer’s Brain and Awareness month. It is the sixthleading cause of death in this country. Over 5.3 million Americans are afflicted with Alzheimer’s. By 2050, this number is expected to increase to 16 million. In my western New York community alone, 55,000 people have Alzheimer’s or related dementia, and 165,000 people in our community are impacted directly or indirectly. Alzheimer’s will cost the Nation $226 billion this year. By the year 2050, these costs will rise to as high as $1.1 trillion. Last year, Congress passed a law, the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act, which created a bypass budget for Alzheimer’s research. This will allow the National Institutes of Health to prepare a budget that will reach the estimated goal of funding effective prevention and treatment for Alzheimer’s by 2025. This year, I introduced with my colleagues ROSADELAURO and P ETER KING 
the Accelerating Biomedical Research Act. Over the next 6 years, our legislation would provide an additional $50 billion in funding to the National Institutes of Health above what is currently budgeted. We also established the House NIH Caucus to rally Members to develop a plan to increase the purchasing power of NIH. 
pass the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, the Advancing Research for Neurological Diseases Act. 
your leadership. We obviously, as a Congress, have a long way to go. The origins of Alzheimer’s disease are unknown, but its ends are absolutely certain, and it ends in losing your cognitive ability, your dignity, and then it takes your life. It is time that Congress, in a bipartisan effort, provide robust funding to Alzheimer’s research to end this terrible, terrible disease for future generations. 
thank you so very much. Your points are absolutely on target. 
were talking about, and that is the extraordinary expense. This is 2015. And we expect to spend $153 billion of Federal tax money, Medicare and Medicaid, on treating Alzheimer’s. Way over, that little tiny purple spot, is the $566 million of research. It would be a little bigger if we were able to get that 300, but it is still going to pale in comparison to this. This is 261 times more money spent on treatment, which ultimately just enables the passage of time and leads to death because there is no effective treatment today. That is what we are spending on caring for people. 
That number down there, and the efforts and the bills that have been introduced and the Alzheimer’s Foundation and others that are working on this have an opportunity to change this entire dynamic around because we can find the solution to this. 
I would like now to turn to my colleague, as part of what we often do here, we call it the ‘‘EastWest Show,’’ my colleague from the great State of New York, PAULTONKO . 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representative G ARAMENDI , for bringing us together in this very Special Order as we discuss the impact of Alzheimer’s upon the quality of life not only of the individual living with the disease, but on family members and loved ones that surround that individual. So much of the work that we do in this House, so much of the work done on the Hill here in Washington, needs to be guided by the moral compass. 
who we are as a people and the compassion that is required as we see these numbers continually grow—balloon—in terms of an impact on the budget. And 
that should challenge us to do all that we can to be not only compassionate, but to be effective when it comes to the fiscal impact of what is happening to far too many families across this country. 
It is a known fact now that Alzheimer’s is the most expensive disease in America. That should strike home. That should call upon our hearts and our minds to respond with dignity and with effectiveness to the given issue at hand. Our efforts for Alzheimer’s need to be enhanced. There is no mistaking it. This is the most expensive disease in America. It is impacting the budget here in Washington. Our national numbers are a challenge, and we need to address the budget not only in sound strategy for the present moment, but with preventative elements brought to bear. 
data—and those data are very telling— for 2014, the calendar year of 2014, the numbers are there, and it will remind us that $214 billion was the need, the drawdown, for speaking to Alzheimer’s, responding to the Alzheimer’s situation. That is a large number that is only projected to grow exponentially. As more and more baby boomers ascend the age ladder, climb that ladder, we should only anticipate that doing what we are doing is not going to be enough, that research needs to take hold here. 
a nation. We have resources at our fingertips, and the priority here for providing the preventative elements of research are important. The President has offered an initiative with the study of the mind, the brain, that can provide several opportunities. It can release the information, the documentation, that is required to move forward to find a cure for this evergrowing disease. 
GARAMENDI , when we look at the research moneys, for every $100 invested in those individuals and families that are impacted by Alzheimer’s, 25 cents is spent on research—for every $100, 25 cents. That is a very minute amount of investment, investment that has an anticipated lucrative return, paying dividends for all of us to address a cure, a hope for individuals. This country requires our government to respond in full fashion so that publicprivate partnerships in research institutes like the NIH, the National Institutes of Health, are funded appropriately. Accordingly, with the data that have been assembled, knowing what needs to be done, we should go forward with those efforts. 
many women will draw that perspective for me, that of those who are living with Alzheimer’s in this country, twothirds—twothirds—of the individuals living with Alzheimer’s, or 3.2 million people, are women. This disease is 
voluntary efforts that are required. Volunteers are responding as unpaid caregivers. We know the stats. The data are compelling: 15.5 million volunteers, caregivers, providing unpaid services, unpaid care, equaling 17.7 billion hours. These are staggering numbers, 15.5 million providing 17.7 billion. That amasses to $220.2 billion in terms of services provided, unpaid services provided. 
Government money, projected to balloon heavily, but it is also extracting $220 billion worth of unpaid services that are provided to individuals by loved ones, by those concerned in their community, for the struggles that these individuals and their family members are facing. So this behooves us to do much better than we are doing. 
are unique. We have opportunities galore. I know what can happen. I have talked to our team in my district. Beth and the team from Alzheimer’s Association of Northeast New York, they have done a tremendous job. I see what they do for respite care and what they are doing for services with the Alzheimer’s Cafe, where people gather and cluster. They are given music therapy. There is an enhanced quality of life. It is with dignity that we respond. But more needs to be done, and there has to be that element that is provided out there that is speaking to prevention, that is speaking to a cure. 
I was lead Democrat on the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act, which responded to the planning requirements that were earlier set up statutorily in this country. That act, the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act, that passed successfully in both Houses and was signed into law by the President, requires that a professional judgment budget be put together. As was stated earlier on the floor, until 2025, there needs to be this commitment made for research for Alzheimer’s and related diseases. 
legislation, of that statute, by requiring professionals to project the numbers that are needed. That is a very important element. Clinicians and professionals in the medical community will tell us, they will advise what that number ought to be. That is speaking with integrity, with the veracity that is required, with the dignity, and with the compassion that is so much required for the Alzheimer’s community. 
So again, I thank you, Representative GARAMENDI , for having that heart, 
for leading us in this Special Order so as to comprehend what we need to do here, to move that moral compass, to be there for those individuals, to be there for those unpaid caregivers, and to be there for the research community, but most importantly, to be there for the soul that is struggling with Alzheimer’s or dementiarelated diseases. We are at our best when we connect emotionally so that we can put together the programmatic response and the intellectual response that enable us to provide that light at the end of the tunnel which is so important and so meaningful to the families that endure. 
more than 4 years now, you and I have stood on the floor on Special Order hour to talk about Make It In America, about the manufacturing system and about the jobs that we need to build, transportation infrastructure, and your passion for those subjects was so obvious. Your passion and your determination to deal with Alzheimer’s and to find a cure, to find an understanding of what it is and how it affects the brain, and then also to reach out to the families that are caring for their loved ones really exceeds and mirrors the passion that you have for the working men and women of this Nation. I thank you. 
the Alzheimer’s Association. They organized a lobbying group through here very recently. They were wearing their purple ribbons, and they brought to us the stories, the individual stories that were of their families. I know that as I talked to my colleagues here on the floor and over in the Senate, I get the same thing from them: Yes, my mother, my aunt, my sister, my brother, they too have suffered from Alzheimer’s, and they recently died, or they are in very serious condition. 
family. I have yet to find a family that I have talked to about Alzheimer’s that didn’t nod their head in understanding: Yes, we know what it is. 
information that you and my colleagues, MAXINE WATERS and B RIAN 
and that is the facts, not only the impact that Alzheimer’s has on the Federal budget—Medicare and Medicaid— the impact that it has on family budgets, on insurance, private insurance, but the impact that it has on families. You have made that clear. 
done by Alzheimer’s Association and related organizations—Medicare, Social Security, and support groups all across this Nation—is having an impact. When a budget for any specific program is increased by 50 percent in this era of sequestration, something has had an impact. Mr. COLE, as chairman of that, and Ms. W ATERS , as the 
chairperson or the vice chair, cochair of the Working Group on Alzheimer’s, are having an impact. 
understand. We can do the early diagnosis. It is pretty clear there are some breakthroughs that are occurring. 
that seem to work if you can intervene early in the process. What a change 
that would be. What a change that would be for all families. 
This is not just an issue of Alzheimer’s, this is an issue of the brain. We have got the U.S. military, the Department of Defense, doing significant research on brain injuries, brain trauma, and illnesses resulting from the wars—from traumatic brain syndrome and related. 
So if we pool together and we actually put into the Defense Authorization Act a paragraph that said: Research done by the Department of Defense on the brain, brain injuries, a way in which the brain works or doesn’t work, they need to take that research and couple it with research that is taking place on dementia, on other kinds of neurological diseases, including Alzheimer’s, and if we can pool all of these various research programs together and get them to share the information to fertilize each other’s research, I think we are going to succeed. 
That 2025 goal I think is too far out 
there. I see we are on the cusp of a breakthrough. And if we can push all of the research and focus it and, like a dart, hit the center of the target, I think we are going to be successful. 
Mr. TONKO , would you like to join in 
takes one visit, but there have been many visits that I have made to the centers, the day care center operations that are conducted for individuals and families who are living with Alzheimer’s, and to witness and hear the hurt, the confusion, the pain that surrounds the individual. It is enough challenge to try and get this done in as quick a fashion as possible. 
But if that doesn’t move us, the economics on this. You know, we earlier talked about the $214 billion impact in 1 year—some of our most recent data. Well, that is 1 in every 5 Medicare dollars. How much are we willing to have that take over the Medicare expenditures before we come to our senses to say, let’s do more in research, let’s do a preventive response? Does it need to grow that much more? Does the drain on Medicare, does the reflection of Alzheimer’srelated Medicare expenditures need to be that much greater to bring us to a response? The challenges are there, the data are there. We need to move accordingly. 
twothirds of the people living with Alzheimer’s, the 3.2 million people, happen to be women. Well, 60 percent of the unpaid caregivers happen to be women. So there needs to be a response here to enable people to be addressed with a sense of compassion, with dignity brought into the equation. It is absolutely essential. 
And when we talk about those caregivers and the $220.2 billion that is the calculation for the volunteerism they offer as caregivers, of that community of caregivers, they have been worn 
them is an additional $9.3 billion in terms of response to their physical health care needs. This is a drain on families, on loved ones. It is an undignified outcome for far too many Alzheimer’s patients who require our support, who have earned the respect of this body and Congress moving to provide for research opportunities. 
Now, one other effort that I am making now in the aftermath of the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act, that victory being behind us now, I have now served as the lead Democrat on the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, which would authorize Medicare investment in sound planning upon diagnosis of Alzheimer’s so that individuals and their families who are so diagnosed can sit down and plan accordingly for their care, for their treatment, for their needs. 
that can be introduced for the individual and her or his family so that their life, already severely impacted by this outcome, can be as manageable as possible. And we are hopeful with some 183 cosponsors of a bipartisan nature who have come forward to say, Sign me up for the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act. 
be? Aren’t we those agents of hope? Do we walk away from this dilemma? Do we walk away from this need? Do we walk away from the struggle, the pain, the hurt, the confusion that people live with every waking hour of every day? Or do we respond in that allAmerican fashion and say, yeah, we have the intellectual capacity as a Nation; yes, we have the resources. 
that priority here needs to be a response, a fullfledged response, a compassionate response, a loving response coming from us as individuals and collectively as Congress to say, yes, we support these efforts that are required, that are possible. Do not deny the possibilities. Let us go forward and be those sound decisionmakers who understand that this issue, when addressed accordingly, with human compassion offered, with the humanization of this process, we are then offering a costeffective outcome. A study of the brain initiative that the President has advanced should be supported. 
planning, for research, for services, for respite need to be funded accordingly. It is within our grasp, and it makes sense to do so. 
thank you for leading us in this Special Order, which is absolutely key to public information exchange. 
would suggest that you contact those of us who serve you in Washington and let us know that you want this to be a priority. Tell us you believe in the research capacity of this country. Tell us you want to humanize that response, more deeply respond to the individuals and families that are so impacted. When we hit so many people, when 
we see the millions who are living with this disease, we can’t escape that impact falling upon us. Neighbors, family members, friends who we know are living with this disease require our attention, require our responsiveness. 
So I thank you for leading us in what 
you for your leadership. Thank you for rounding up 180plus Members of this House. On any issue that is tough, but then having them sign on to a piece of legislation that would advance the care that individuals receive and the support that families need. 
talked about, those are all pieces of the puzzle. And they deal with—I am going to end with just two charts, so it is really where I started. This is a different version of one of the charts that deals with the costs that we are talking about. These are the total cost in the system. If you take a look at it, 2015, you are talking about a quarter of a billion dollars, just under $226 billion, of which the great majority is Medicare and Medicaid, and then outof pocket and other payers, or the other insurance companies. It will rise each year until we get to 2050, which is not that far away. Thirtyfive years out we will be well over $1 trillion, of which we will bust the bank, the Medicare. 
here about the deficit. The real factors in the deficit are this health care issue. That is where we are going to find the budget deficit. 
the Affordable Care Act that the projected increases for Medicare have substantially reduced over the last 4 years as the Affordable Care Act is providing early diagnosis of heart disease, diabetes, other kinds of longterm illnesses that are really where most of the expense in Medicare and Medicaid occur. And if we can get a grip on Alzheimer’s, if we can find a way of delaying the onset of it, we are going to save tens and, indeed, hundreds of billions of dollars over the passage of time. 
And the next step is the cure. So they 
think, the researchers, think they can find a way of delaying the onset. As they do that, they will also find a way of dealing with the disease itself. Then this awesome and horrific expense will be reduced. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. TONKO. That chart is very powerful. The trillions—with a T—will really balloon our budget, and really it is undoable. It gets to a level where it will exhaust, it will overwhelm other areas of investment that are required. 
human suffering, pain, confusion, reduced quality of life. That is a calculus that needs to be made. If it is going to save us money and at the same time respond with that moral compass, why are we not doing that, why are we not responding? 
So, to me, that is where we are at. 
When you see the unleashing of technology, of research, of the potential for progress to be made, it is there. It is documented from so many perspectives in work that is done by the National Institutes of Health and others. For many, they will say, well, leave it to the private sector. No, there is a track record up there for this country to have stepped up to the plate and made a difference, for vaccines and other soughtfor outcomes that affected people in a positive way. They gave them hope. 
having stepped up and invested in research where perhaps the private sector wouldn’t go or where we have shaved some of the risk off of that demand for research in a publicprivate partnership. So it is there within our potential. We should not deny our loved ones, our constituents, our country the opportunity to advance the cause of research and to respond again with a sense of hope for those who are living with this within this darkness. We can and we must do better. 
to make a difference and to be there in a responsive manner, and I thank you. 
continually come back to the compassion and caregiving that I think each human being has somewhere in them. For us here in Congress, it is to express that in a meaningful way. That meaningful way is to make sure there is support for those families and individuals who have Alzheimer’s, those who are caring for them, to make sure that the medical treatment, such as it is for this illness, is available, and to pursue vigorously the research that could and, I believe, will lead to a complete understanding of the illness. That is our task. 
Mr. TONKO. And as we are concluding here, I was just bringing to mind one of the Alzheimer’s town halls that we are required to conduct, and it told me a few things: that this disease is percolating lower and lower into the age demographics. 
guessing here—that it is more than just genetics. It may be environmental in its impact or cause. Whatever it is, let’s go for that cause. 
At one of these townhalls, a contemporary of mine whom I have known for a long time, as I have known her husband for a long time, said: ‘‘My husband knows my voice, but he doesn’t know my name.’’ 
How do we not say we want to do all that we can to make a difference? 
When we do so, we are going to save 
our budget. We are going to save our budget a great number of consequences by being that powerful force that will do things academically, soundly, wisely, effectively, efficiently. 
thoughtful response, a heartfelt response that, by the way, is the budgetwise thing to do. 
there and simply say that this is not the last time that we will be speaking on this issue on the floor. 
speak on this issue that the House of Representatives will have increased the research budget by 50 percent, from $566 million to close to $900 million. That is a big leap. It is not sufficient. It is not what is necessary to really get at this disease, but this is one we can tackle. This is one we have to tackle for the strength of the American Government budget. It is one we have to tackle. 
about families. It is about individuals. It is about the suffering, the angst, and the fear that exists out there with this devastating disease. We can do this. We really can. 
is one that you put out a few moments ago, Mr. TONKO . That is, for anybody 
who is watching out there, for anybody who is interested in the Federal deficit, for anybody who is interested in the quality of life of their families as they age and even before they age, talk to us. 
your tax money on solving this problem, on the research that will lead to the solution for what is now an unsolvable mystery. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 160, PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1190, PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–157) on the resolution (H. Res. 319) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1190) to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. OVERRULING THE HOUSE OF GOD 
WESTERMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
week, there will be important decisions made here on the House of Representatives’ floor. 
Court may well play God and overrule what has been considered to be the house of God, as given by Moses, for the dramatic amount of history, including up through the President’s own statement that he believed marriage was just between a man and a woman. 
When he was running for office, apparently, according to his campaign manager or whatever he is—whatever he was—he felt he wouldn’t get elected if he said what he really believed. 
things have changed to the point we are now in a position to overrule what Moses said, which is that a man will leave his father and mother and a woman leave her home and the two will come together. That would be marriage—Moses, who is the only fullfaced profile above us in the gallery, with the side profiles of all of the great lawgivers, the greatest lawgivers as they were thought to be years ago. 
I will also note that, as I sat and listened to the Supreme Court’s entertaining arguments on whether or not Texas could keep our monument dedicated to the Ten Commandments on our State campgrounds—and it was joined with a case from Kentucky on whether they could keep their Ten Commandments that were posted inside the door—and as they were arguing about whether or not the Ten Commandments could be attributed in that manner, I looked up on the marble wall to my right in the Supreme Court’s chambers, and there was Moses, looking down with both tablets of the Ten Commandments, looking down—interesting, very interesting. It is the kind of mental gymnastics that have been played in the Supreme Court throughout its history. 
decision, and there have been others that were poor. Sometimes, in being human, they get them right, and sometimes, they get them wrong; but there is one thing that is very, very, very clear, and it is in the United States Code. It is United States law. 
that we can remain a nation that believes in the rule of law is if the courts that decide whether a law can stand or must fall abide by the laws that apply 
to them. If the highest court in the United States blatantly violates the law and especially blatantly violates the law in deciding a case, then is it really law that they have made if they have violated the law to create it? 
clear, a United States Supreme Court Justice ‘‘shall disqualify him or herself in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned.’’ Then we must look next to see if there are any indications of partiality on the part of any of the Supreme Court Justices. 
by foxnews.com back on September 1, 2013, and it reads the following: ‘‘Two months after the Supreme Court’s landmark ruling to expand Federal recognition of samesex marriages, striking down part of an antigay marriage law, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg officiated at a samesex wedding. 
first for a member of the Nation’s highest court. 
marriage of Kennedy Center President Michael Kaiser and John Roberts, a government economist.’’ 
this weekend—it may be the only weekend; I am here in Washington all year—and was delighted to be there. Apparently, if Michael Kaiser is still the president, he is doing what appears to be an excellent job there. 
‘‘‘I think it will be one more statement that people who love each other and want to live together should be able to enjoy the blessings and the strife in the marriage relationship,’ Ginsburg told The Washington Post in an interview. 
be another’ performed by a Justice. She has another ceremony planned for September.’’ 
The last line—it is not the last of the 
article—but it reads: ‘‘Justices generally avoid taking stands on political issues.’’ 
‘‘While hearing arguments in the case in March, Ginsburg argued for treating marriages equally. The rights associated with marriage are pervasive, she said.’’ 
Anyway, it reads further down: ‘‘Before the Court heard arguments on the Defense of Marriage Act, Ginsburg told The New Yorker magazine in March that she had not performed a samesex marriage and had not been asked. Justices do officiate at other weddings, though. 
because of these cases,’ she told the magazine. ‘No one in the gay rights movement wants to risk having any member of the Court be criticized or asked to recuse. So I think that’s the reason no one has asked me.’ 
such a wedding in the future, she said, ‘Why not?’’’ 
It doesn’t sound as if it could be any 
more clear that Justice Ginsburg has a very solid opinion that gay marriage, samesex marriage, samesex weddings are constitutional, despite its being something that is reserved to the States and to the people under the 10th Amendment for decisions. 
written by Peter Sullivan, an article reads: ‘‘Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan officiated a samesex wedding on Sunday, a court spokeswoman told the Associated Press. 
former law clerk is the first samesex wedding that Kagan has performed. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and retired Justice Sandra Day O’Connor have both performed samesex weddings in the past. 
topic at the Supreme Court as it has been elsewhere in the country.’’ 
Court could decide as early as this month whether to take up the issue again in the coming session, this time to consider a more sweeping ruling declaring a right to samesex marriage across the country. 
an appeals court allows a gay marriage ban to stand, ‘there is no need for us to rush’ on a Supreme Court ruling.’’ 
feelings clear on samesex marriage. There could not be a more clear, unequivocal statement that any just judge or Justice could ever make on the issue of samesex marriage than to actually perform, officiate, in a same sex wedding. 
18, 2015, by Greg Richter: ‘‘Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg sparked speculation on Sunday when she mentioned the Constitution while officiating a samesex wedding.’’ 
Maureen Dowd, a columnist for The New York Times: ‘‘With a sly look and special emphasis on the word ‘Constitution,’ Justice Ginsburg said that she was pronouncing the two men married by the powers vested in her by the Constitution of the United States, Dowd wrote.’’ 
‘‘Nevertheless, guests applauded loudly, Dowd said, and Ginsburg ‘seemed delighted.’’’ 
For Justice Ginsburg to state publicly that the Constitution of the United States gives her the power to officiate and unite a samesex couple in marriage is an unequivocal, clear statement as to what she believes the Supreme Court should do in their decision. If there was ever any doubt—and there wasn’t. Once she performed a samesex wedding, there was no question about her feelings on the matter. 
Edward Whelan, February 19 of this year, the article, just a small part of it 
here: ‘‘At her Supreme Court confirmation hearing in 1993, Ruth Bader Ginsburg repeatedly explained that the judicial obligation of impartiality required that she give ‘no hints, no forecasts, no previews’ about how she might ‘vote on questions the Supreme Court may be called upon to decide.’’’ 
As she declared in her opening statement: ‘‘A judge sworn to decide impartially can offer no forecasts, no hints, for that would show not only disregard for the specifics of the particular case, it would display disdain for the entire judicial process.’’ That was Ruth Bader Ginsburg in 1993. Apparently, she sees things a great deal differently now. 
Whelan writes: ‘‘Human nature being what it is, it’s not easy for a Justice to recuse in a closely divided case that she obviously cares passionately about. This is exactly the situation Justice Scalia faced a dozen years ago in the wake of his public comments criticizing a Ninth Circuit ruling against the Pledge of Allegiance. As Slate’s Dahlia Lithwick wrote at the time, Scalia was ‘intellectually honest enough to know that he slipped,’ and he thus, ‘recused himself from what would have been one of the most important churchstate cases of his career.’ His recusal meant that ‘the Court may well split 4–4 on the case, in which case the Ninth Circuit’s decision will stand for all the States in its jurisdiction.’’’ 
Sonia Sotomayor: ‘‘I suspect even with us giving gay rights to marry, that there’s some gay people who will choose not to, just as there’s some heterosexual couples who choose not to marry. So we are not taking anybody’s liberty away.’’ 
stated her position very clearly on the issue of samesex marriage. 
Lisa Keen from the Keen News Service. She says in an article: ‘‘Longtime gay legal activist Paula Ettelbrick said she met Sotomayor in about 1991 when they both served on thenNew York Governor Mario Cuomo’s Advisory Committee on Fighting Bias. ‘Nobody wanted to talk to . . .’’’ and uses a slur for a homosexual ‘‘‘person at that time,’ said Ettelbrick, who represented Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund. ‘She was the only one on the advisory committee who made a point to come over and introduce herself. She was totally interested in gay civil rights issues and supportive.’’’ 
Freedom to Marry organization said: ‘‘From everything I know, Judge Sotomayor is an outstanding choice, fair and aware, open, and judicious. I believe she has demonstrated the commitment to principles of equal protection and inclusion that defines a good nominee to the Supreme Court.’’ Wolfson said the President ‘‘has made a strong and appealing nomination that should and will receive the support of 
those committed to equality for lesbians and gay men.’’ The National LGBT Bar Association issued a statement saying it was pleased with the choice, noting that it represents ‘‘more diversity on the bench.’’ 
seems that she has clearly stated her position with regard to samesex marriage. Anyway, the article further down said Kevin Cathcart, executive director of Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, said the organization was pleased that the nominee is a woman of color. ‘‘While women, people of color, and selfidentified gay people continue to be woefully underrepresented in the Federal judiciary, Judge Sotomayor’s nomination represents a step in the right direction,’’ Cathcart said. 
So, anyway, if those quotes are accurate, then certainly they would be supporting evidence of her quote that ‘‘I suspect even with us giving gay rights to marry . . .’’ she is already stating in this quote that she, not the Creator, not God, not almighty God, not the Constitution—‘‘us giving,’’ obviously the Supreme Court. 
know, he trembles for the country when he realizes that God is just and his justice will not sleep forever. It is not the Supreme Court that gives rights. We get our rights, according to the Declaration of Independence, from our Creator, and they are embodied or supposed to have been embodied in the Constitution. And yes, it took a Civil War to ensure that the Constitution meant what it said, and it took an ordained Christian minister named King to push peacefully until such time as the Constitution was more thoroughly forced to mean what it said. 
For anyone who is a Christian, that means they believe in Jesus Christ, they believe His teachings, they believe He is Savior, and they would have to believe when He quoted Moses, who said he was giving the law from God, and Jesus said: A man shall leave his father and mother, and a woman leave her home, and the two will become one flesh, and what God joined together, let no one put asunder. He put His stamp: this is marriage. It approved what Moses said was marriage, and in this Nation, throughout the Nation, until some said we have become smarter than we have ever been, once again defying Solomon’s statement: There is nothing new under the Sun. This is not new. We are not more enlightened than other civilizations have been. 
But if the Supreme Court in a majority decision destroys the constitutions of numerous States across this Nation, and the majority opinion has Justices who are violating Federal statute regarding what a judge shall do, then it would appear that their law would be no more valid than if someone here cast the deciding vote on legislation that becomes law, and it is determined 
someone who was not legally a Member of Congress. There would be reason to say that is not a valid law. It did not pass the House of Representatives. And especially, if it turned out that, say, 20, 30, 40 percent of those casting the majority votes on a bill were disqualified at the time of the vote from casting a vote, that would not be a legitimate law. 
I pray that those Justices who have made clear by their statements and their actions that they are disqualified, will do the lawful thing and recuse themselves. If they do not do that, they will be casting a ballot, casting a vote, and if that vote is the majority decision, and if that decision overturns massive law on marriage across the country, and by its statement says: We know more than Moses, we know more than Jesus, we are the U.S. Supreme Court, it certainly sounds like they will have produced an unlawful decision of the Supreme Court. I hope they will not put this Nation to such a constitutional crisis by violating the law to push through their legislative agenda, but we will see. Will they start a constitutional crisis by violating the law to push their legislative agenda through the Court? We will see. I hope and pray that they will follow the law and disqualify themselves. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 565. An act to reduce the operations and 
maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting Fiscal Years 
20112012 Report to Congress on the Family Violence Prevention and Services Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 10404; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
and Consent to the Treaty with the United Kingdom Concerning Defense Trade Cooperation (Treaty Doc. 11007); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2580. A bill to provide for a technical change to the Medicare long term care hospital moratorium exception, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–156). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 319. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1190) to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board (Rept. 114–157). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2506. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to delay the authority to terminate Medicare Advantage contracts for MA plans failing to achieve minimum quality ratings with an amendment (Rept. 114–158, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2507. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish an annual rulemaking schedule for payment rates under Medicare Advantage; with an amendment (Rept. 114–159, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2579. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve the risk adjustment under the Medicare Advantage program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–160, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2581. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a 3year demonstration program to test the use of valuebased insurance design methodologies under eligible Medicare Advantage plans, to preserve Medicare beneficiary choice under Medicare Advantage, to revise the treatment under the Medicare program of infusion drugs furnished through durable medical equipment, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–161, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2506 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2507 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
H.R. 2579 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2581 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2788. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for S corporation reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2789. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify S corporation shareholder and preferred stock rules with respect to banks; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2790. A bill to provide for pay parity 
for civilian employees serving at joint military installations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2792. A bill to require that any revision to, or establishment of, a national primary or secondary ambient air quality standard be made by statute, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2793. A bill to amend the Sex Offender 
Registration and Notification Act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to take appropriate actions to ensure that an alien who is unlawfully present in the United States, is in removal proceedings or has been ordered removed, and is required to register under the Act, is so registered, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. 
communities through English literacy and civics education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
PAYNE , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, 
Ms. B ASS, Ms. L EE, Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
H.R. 2795. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the effectiveness and availability of first responders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
Innovation and Opportunity Act to provide grants to States for summer employment programs for youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2797. A bill to amend the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to establish the Office of School Discipline Policy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the President to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States diplomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq and Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
PALLONE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. 
American Pharoah and owner Ahmed Zayat of Teaneck, New Jersey, for winning horse racing’s Triple Crown; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself, Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. H IGGINS ): 
H. Res. 318. A resolution condemning resolutions or policies calling for or instituting a boycott of Israeli academic institutions or scholars by institutions of higher learning and scholarly associations; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. HAHN (for herself, Mr. MCGOVERN, Ms. E STY, and Mr. J ONES ): 
sense of Congress that a grateful Nation honors and salutes Sons and Daughters in Touch on its 25th anniversary that is being celebrated on Father’s Day, 2015, at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 68, urging the Congress of the United States to restore trade relations between the United States and Cuba in order to open the market to Louisiana rice; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 66, urging the Congress of the United States to take action against illegal, unreported, and unregulated 
fishing in Louisiana’s sovereign waters by passing H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015; jointly to the Committees on Natural Resources and Transportation and Infrastructure. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2788. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 
I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2789. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 2790. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2791. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 1 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
H.R. 2792. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that Congress has the power ‘‘to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ 
that Congress has the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereo f . . .’’ 
H.R. 2794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. 
H.R. 2797. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. 
H.J. Res. 57. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the Constitution (authorizing Congress to ‘‘make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’). Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the Constitution authorizes Congress to ‘‘declare War.’’ Congress did not declare war or authorize the use of military force for the current conflict in Iraq and Syria, and this resolution takes corrective action. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. R OGERS  
H.R. 136: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. 
H.R. 699: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
H.R. 702: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 753: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 775: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
STIVERS , and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 828: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 845: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. F ORTEN BERRY , and Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 846: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
H.R. 928: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. H URD of 
H.R. 985: Mr. B ARR, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
H.R. 986: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. M ICA, and Mr. G RAVES of 
H.R. 1233: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. R OYCE , 
H.R. 1309: Mr. C HAFFETZ and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 1338: Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G OSAR , and Mrs. 
H.R. 1559: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. A LGREEN of 
H.R. 1571: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
H.R. 1613: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H URD of Texas, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
H.R. 1726: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. R USH, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and 
H.R. 1737: Mr. B ABIN, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. J OLLY , 
COHEN , Mr. R USH, and Miss R ICEof New 
H.R. 1854: Mr. A LLEN and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
H.R. 1945: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
H.R. 1994: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2042: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 2046: Mr. R YANof Wisconsin. 
H.R. 2147: Mr. L EWIS, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2217: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
H.R. 2259: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. W ITTMAN. 
H.R. 2315: Mr. P EARCE and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B RATand Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2405: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , and 
LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 2460: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
H.R. 2466: Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. C RENSHAW , 
H.R. 2493: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
H.R. 2514: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2530: Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
H.R. 2582: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
H.R. 2607: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2615: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 2647: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. D ENT, Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. P OCAN and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2694: Mr. N EAL, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
ESHOO , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
BEYER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
H.R. 2710: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Ms. B ROWN  
H.R. 2767: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
H.R. 2776: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H. Res. 28: Mr. W ITTMAN . H. Res. 54: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H. Res. 262: Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
H. Res. 307: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. W EBER of 
H. Res. 310: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ONOVAN , and 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4171 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 2015 No. 96 