to recognize a group called Pilots for Patients, an organization founded by Philip Thomas back home in Monroe, Louisiana. 
This group flies patients with debilitating conditions to specialty hospitals all over the Nation. My district is very rural, and some of my patients have to drive several hundred miles to see their doctor. And like Philip says, this could be like a trip to the Moon for some patients to drive that far. 
2,600 missions to date so far, 15 to 20 patients a week. They are part of a larger group of Air Core Alliance pilots that have flown over 20,000 missions a year. All the pilots are volunteer, and I am proud to be one of them. 
Pilots for Patients is a shining example of what goodness of the human spirit and working together can accomplish. I wish them continued success in many years to come. 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO PERMANENTLY REAUTHORIZE THE LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to draw attention to our looming budget crisis and, in particular, the expiration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
one of our most effective tools to conserve irreplaceable lands and improve outdoor recreation opportunities throughout the Nation. 
Conservation Fund has helped to maintain and support some of our worldfamous beaches and nature preserves. The fund expired on September 30 because of congressional inaction. With that, the American public has lost one 
of our greatest tools to ensure the protection of our public lands and waters. 
We need to ensure that future generations have the same opportunities we have to enjoy our Nation’s majestic natural beauty. 
forward legislation to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Georgia Military College on 136 years as an outstanding educational institution in Milledgeville, Georgia. On October 14, GMC will celebrate its anniversary, and I am honored to represent this outstanding institution. 
I commend the hard work and dedication of the faculty members and friends who continue to make GMC exceptional. 
tribute to Georgia Military College President Lieutenant General William B. Caldwell, IV, the educators, administrators, and alumni for their unyielding commitment to give students a superb education. 
congratulating Georgia Military College for its outstanding achievements and to wish them continued success. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to discuss an example of the reallife consequences of underinvesting in scientific research and development. 
Hurricane Joaquin, we were reminded that U.S. weather forecasting is not what it should be. Our system, GFS, predicted that Joaquin would hit the MidAtlantic States, while the European model correctly predicted that it would remain at sea, and nobody predicted the severity of the flooding that would hit South Carolina. This wasn’t the first time that our predictions have missed the mark. 
the path of Hurricane Sandy, while the European model correctly identified that it would be a direct and devastating hit on New Jersey. After Sandy, we invested somewhat more money into the computing ability of the National Weather Service, but, as Joaquin has shown, it was too little, too late. The economic costs of unnecessary 
evacuations are as real as missing evacuations. Scientific research requires a steady investment of time and talent to be successful. If we continue to underinvest in essential infrastructure like weather forecasting, we do it at our own peril. 
warning and to start taking seriously the longterm investments that our R&D infrastructure requires. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
support of H.R. 702. This measure will amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975 to repeal the President’s authority to restrict the export of coal, petroleum products, natural gas, or other petrochemical feedstocks. 
Federal official from imposing or enforcing any restriction on the export of crude oil. 
time when America’s energy innovation is at an alltime high, we can be a helpful strategic partner to our partners overseas that need energy and don’t have to turn to unreliable partners like Russia, like the Middle East, and others to have their energy needs met. 
and, therefore, have stronger allies that don’t have to be beholden to those other sources. It will bring jobs back home to the United States in our ever developing energy sources. 
to support H.R. 702, to strengthen U.S. options, U.S. jobs, and strengthen our allies in our ability to be able to serve them with our energy development that we have had in this country and, therefore, have a stronger bond with them. 
we have very serious matters in front of us today and facing our country as well. But I would like to take just this 1 minute to mark the retirement of my former boss, a guy named Bill Leaver, who is now CEO of a health system called UnityPoint. It is one of the largest nonprofit nondenominational health systems in America. 
I met him first more than 10, 15 years 
ago when I wrote a profile about him as a newspaper reporter. I knew from the very start that this is a guy who understood the needs of the community, the needs of those who needed to acquire health care and have access to quality health care. He was my mentor, my friend, and 
my boss. I wish Bill Leaver all the best in his future. He and his wife, Jeannie, are more than deserving of having this next chapter of their life be one of their most successful. 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to celebrate October as Manufacturing Month, established to highlight the importance of manufacturing in our Nation’s economy and to draw attention to the many rewarding highskilled manufacturing jobs across the Nation. 
manufacturers open their doors and take up the important work of job creation, keeping the U.S. economy thriving and inspiring our young people to pursue careers in manufacturing and engineering. 
State of Florida also expose young adults to careers in the manufacturing industry like engineering, design, and robotics, tours led by the Florida Advanced Technological Education Center of Excellence. 
today to join me in celebrating Manufacturing Month and recognizing the many ways manufacturing is a cornerstone of our economy, both in my home State of Florida and also across the United States. 
look at the headlines, words like ‘‘dysfunction’’ are being thrown around and there is a whole lot of drama focused on the Capitol today. But people all around this country are not focused on that. They are focused on their families and their lives. 
probably has something to do with the expiring pieces of legislation that are so important, things like transportation, things like funding the government, all these critical questions in front of us, yet the distraction of this leadership fight seems to be capturing our attention, but it is not capturing the attention of the American people. 
I look forward, Mr. Speaker, to return to the real business of governing. We work for the public trust of the American people, and this thing here is a useless distraction away from the real business. Let’s pass the legislation we are sent here to pass, and let’s refocus on what the bread and butter issues are for the American people. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize high school principal of the year for 2015, Grant Hanevold of Sunrise Mountain High School in Las Vegas. 
the Nation’s youth with a quality education is one of the best investments that we can make to ensure that this century is yet another American century. 
spirit of service that is often missed at too many of our Nation’s schools. He understands that educators must invest time and effort in their communities which they serve. 
and community members into the decisionmaking process, Principal Hanevold was able to get everyone to buy in on his vision and take pride in what they were accomplishing together. This established a culture of success at Sunrise Mountain that ultimately led to a remarkable 13 percent increase in graduation rates. 
Congratulations to Nevada’s principal of the year, Grant Hanevold. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 13 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BOST) at 10 o’clock and 2 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill, H.R. 702. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 466 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 702. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 702) to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, with Mr. HULTGREN in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each will control 30 
minute to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ), a member of the 
today in support of H.R. 702, but, more importantly, I rise today in support of American jobs. 
increased dramatically in the past 14 years. That number is projected to continue to increase due to advances in technology, but companies need a new market. At this point, the ban is not protecting the economy. Instead, the economy is being restricted, and Americans are being denied jobs. 
paying oil industry jobs. At a time when our economy can’t afford to see unemployment numbers rise, oil companies are being forced to cut back their workforce. Lifting the ban on crude oil exports will mean new jobs for Mississippians that will allow them to support their families. 
H.R. 702, a poorly crafted bill that needlessly and recklessly sweeps away 40 years of critical energy protections for national security, our economy, consumers, and the environment. 
just undermine current protective authorities related to crude oil; it also prohibits any Federal official from taking any action at any time if that action either restricts or enforces a restriction on the export of oil. The term ‘‘restriction’’ is undefined and potentially dangerous in scope. 
other law that would impose any restriction by any Federal official on exports. That means that the bill does nothing to preserve any environment or safety statutes or regulations, and it doesn’t even preserve the Defense Production Act, one of the most important tools any President has to ensure our national energy security in the face of a threat. 
President has already stated that he will veto this bill. Further, any legislation of this nature is completely unnecessary since the President already 
has the authority to ease or even remove restrictions on crude oil exports, and the Obama administration has taken major steps to exercise that authority by approving crude oil swaps with Mexico and applications for the export of condensate. 
that it is imperative for Congress to consider a host of factors before we lift the current restrictions and, certainly, if we are to completely dismantle our Nation’s ability to restrict oil exports, as proposed by H.R. 702. 
First, Mr. Chairman, there are consumer impacts, especially related to the price of crude oil and gasoline. A recent study found that changes to U.S. oil export policy will have little to no impact on the future price of oil. 
our crude oil policy will lead to a significant payday for oil producers, with increases in annual profits approaching $30 billion by 2025. 
refinery capacity and associated jobs, wellpaying middle class jobs that have grown over the past few years due to increased production. Unrestricted exports of crude oil put those jobs at jeopardy and could mean exporting those jobs and losing out on critical investments in future refining capacity. 
of course, the environmental and climate impacts of lifting the export ban. Energy policy is fundamentally linked to environmental policy. Each is a facet of the other. Increasing crude oil exports means increasing domestic production and its impacts on climate change, public health, worker safety, property owners, and protection of our drinking water supplies. 
eagerly embraces shortterm profits and benefits without understanding or even considering the cost of such a major action. We simply can’t afford to make that mistake. We should ensure we fully understand and consider the 
enduring consequences of our actions and choose the cleanest and most sustainable path forward. 
the potential impacts of H.R. 702 on national security, on the economy, on consumers, and on the environment can be considered acceptable. 
exports certainly help oil companies. It is a bonanza for the oil companies, but without any guaranteed benefits for consumers. I urge my colleagues to join me and the President in saying ‘‘no’’ to this legislation. 
general debate, the majority, or proponents, have 30 minutes, and then the opponents have 30 minutes; is that correct? 
chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce each control 30 minutes. 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ), the original 
Democrat sponsor, have 6 minutes of the proponent’s time to control as he sees fit. 
The CHAIR. The Chair cannot entertain a unanimous consent request to change the scheme for control of general debate. 
Mr. BARTON. Could the Chair educate the illiterate Member from Texas on how I could give Mr. CUELLAR time 
that he may control on his side? If I can’t yield it unanimously, how can I do that? 
Texas may yield from his own time to engage in debate, and may yield to Members on the other side of the aisle. 
Mr. BARTON. Continuing the parliamentary inquiry, if I do that, can he reserve part of that time, or does he have to use it all in one slot? 
The CHAIR. Correct. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ). 
for the time to speak on this bill, which I wholeheartedly support, because ending this oil export ban will not only boost our economy, it will also improve our foreign policy. 
I also rise with hesitation to a proposed amendment that would remove a provision of this bill boosting payments to the 60 ships of our maritime security fleet. These ships are essential in transporting cargo to the men and women of our Armed Forces who are serving overseas in harm’s way. As evidence of this, 90 percent of all cargo moved to Iraq and Afghanistan has been transported on these privately owned ships. 
stipend provided by the government is too low to make this program viable to those who have stepped up to defend our Nation against foreign threats. Without this increase, it is likely that participants will drop out of the program. This, obviously, is a national security threat. 
It is estimated that for the government to replicate this program, it would cost more than $50 billion in taxpayer money. This programs saves money while enhancing our security, and I encourage my colleagues to avoid supporting this amendment, but voting ‘‘yes’’ to lift this outdated oil export ban. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ). Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this bill. 
years, and during that time, we always hear talk about we want to be energy independent in the United States. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle always talk about the dream of energy independence, where we don’t have to depend on any other country for our oil. It would change policy in the Middle East, and it would dramatically improve our national security. Well, the bad news is, Mr. Chairman, we are not energyindependent. We use 17 million barrels of oil a day, but we only produce 9 million, which means we are still importing nearly half of all the oil we use. 
Chairman. Horizontal drilling and all this oil we are finding in the shale formations gives us a chance to be truly energyindependent. We could produce an additional 9 million barrels a day, and we wouldn’t have to depend on any other country in the world for our oil. All we have to do is produce what we have in our own country and make sure that we have refinery capacity to take care of this light sweet crude, and we are energyindependent. 
why aren’t we investing in our own domestic refinery capacity to keep high paying jobs here in the United States in the refinery industry, in the maritime trades, and in manufacturing, like steelmaking? Why aren’t we doing that for America while enhancing America’s security? 
our committee. He highlighted ‘‘the significant national security risks associated with greater oil imports.’’ He said that ‘‘too many times in recent history, the U.S. has made oil deals with hostile or unfriendly governments that actually threaten our foreign policy and our national security objectives. 
‘‘Lifting the export ban will undermine U.S. power projection capabilities by undermining the competitiveness of our U.S. refineries.’’ 
somehow, lifting this ban is going to help our European allies because it will reduce their dependence on Russian oil. Well, that is a myth, too. 
As Commander Lippold testified before our committee, ‘‘the primary recipient of this U.S. exported oil is going to be Asia, specifically, China.’’ 
China and still have to import oil from countries that aren’t necessarily friendly to us. Why would we do that? 
flawed because it doesn’t allow for any future oversight of oil exports under any circumstances. Even if there is an oil spike or a shortage, there is no 
‘‘safety valve’’ to ensure that we have enough of this critical resource for our Armed Forces, our industries, and our constituents. 
undermines our national security, and we are still importing an incredible amount of oil. This just defies common sense, and we should reject it. 
minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ), a cosponsor of the bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 702, legislation that would lift the 40yearold ban on U.S. oil exports. 
the ban into law in response to gasoline shortages and the Arab oil embargo. 
While the ban served a purpose nearly 40 years ago, much has changed since that time. Today we need an energy policy that aligns with our current economic and political climate. 
The United States is the largest petroleum and natural gas producer in the world. Our selfimposed export ban doesn’t make sense and does nothing but hinder economic growth. 
57,000 new supply chain jobs would be created in my home State of California by 2018, and nationwide nearly 450,000 new jobs would be created. 
oil on the world market would benefit Americans. Lifting the ban would create jobs, strengthen the U.S. economy, and help reduce our trade deficit. It would also provide the international marketplace with more options, in turn, limiting the ability of energy commodities to be used as political weapons. 
doesn’t require the U.S. to export crude oil. It simply provides the option needed for barrels to be used in the areas where they are needed most. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time so the Republicans can have another speaker. 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HINOJOSA ) at the request of the 
today in support and as a cosponsor of H.R. 702, which lifts the ban on crude oil exports. 
Modern advances in hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling have allowed the United States access to large deposits of crude oil and natural gas. Last year our country produced over 350 million barrels of crude oil, and that number is steadily increasing. 
The crude oil in our deposits is lighter and sweeter than the traditional heavy crude oil our refineries process. The export ban hinders our access to international markets that need the 
I am convinced that lifting the outdated crude oil export ban will create jobs and economic opportunities for our communities as we strive for greater energy independence. 
the export ban is estimated to increase the annual GDP by over $7.1 billion and create over 40,000 new supply chain jobs. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
an additional 30 seconds on behalf of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). 
Government Accountability Office, removing export restrictions will create employment opportunities, expand trade, and lower gasoline prices. 
has evolved since the ban’s inception in the 1970s. I am confident that now is the time to repeal the ban on the export of crude oil to increase our economic and energy competitiveness. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). 
States has undergone an energy revolution. Our production of oil and gas has far exceeded all analysis or prediction. The success in the field has materialized into jobs in our district in the Houston area, both in the chemical and the refining industries. 
barrel to $45 a barrel. Gasoline prices have fallen from $4 per gallon to less than $2 in Houston. 
I have represented our refinery complexes for many years. All of these benefited our economy and the consumer. 
brought hardship upon the upstream producers. The energy sector, which led our country out of the recession, has now laid off approximately 150,000 folks. Bloomberg estimated that 40 percent of those layoffs were in Texas. 
I know the oil patch is facing a tough 
and difficult time, and I want to help. That is why it is very difficult for me to oppose this bill today. 
I support crude oil exports while protecting our domestic manufacturing jobs, including refining. We have the resource. We should use as much as possible here at home and sell what is left. 
solve this problem, and I like working across the party lines to get results. In fact, I worked with my good friend from Texas, JOEBARTON , on many 
issues during our years in Congress. In fact, JOEand I sat together for years at 
the Texas A&M football games until we realized A&M would lose when we sat next to each other. So last Saturday, 
when they beat Mississippi State, we sat a ways apart so we didn’t jinx them. 
For months, I talked with Representative BARTON about the crude export 
issue. The crude oil export ban has been in place since 1975. In the seventies, the United States was in a tough spot, and we put the ban in place to protect our national interests. 
That is more than 40 years of legislative history. Before we throw all of that away, we should make sure we have a policy that will make sense for the next 40 years. 
I am hoping we can craft a bill that 
would create a process at the Bureau of Industry and Security within the Department of Commerce that would establish an authorization and reporting requirements for crude oil. 
Crude oil is a valuable national resource, and the government should have some oversight as to where and when we send it overseas. 
through a process developed at the Department of Energy. I have not been a fan of that process, but we have worked to improve it. We should have some basic requirements at the Department of Commerce to oversee crude. 
Unlike LNG, crude is a raw commodity. Unlike refined products, raw crude oil doesn’t have value added. Our refiners add value to that, and we export that refined product. So those are jobs created in our community. 
Building LNG terminals and exporting refined product creates goodpaying jobs and lots of capital expenditure. If exporting crude is the right policy, then let’s do it correctly. Let’s maximize the benefits for the United States. 
end up in the hands of North Korea or any of our other foes. We need to know where this resource is going, how much of it is being sent, and how often it is being sent there. 
We need to ensure that, if at any time, a potential bad actor enters the marketplace; the Department of Commerce has the ability to enforce the law. 
The Department of Commerce is not an obstacle to exports. 
In fact, I have struggled to find a more industryfriendly government agency. 
The Department of Commerce has approved every application to export oil in the last five years. 
That’s 138 permits. What’s more impressive is Commerce approves 99 percent of all export applications, regardless of product. 
Now, I agree that the Department could approve permits more efficiently but that’s something we can legislate. 
I did not want to oppose this bill but without 
changes it is not in the best interest of our country. 
The time to address exports is now but we 
cannot just open the tap and hope for the best. I do not want the United States to become 
a resource nation and I certainly do not want to go back to the days of the 1970s. 
I look forward to working on this issue again 
and hope that a reasonable, commonsense approach can be reached. 
I want folks in all sectors to get back to 
H.R. 702 and I urge all my colleagues to do the same. 
myself 30 seconds to respond to what the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE 
let willing buyers interact with willing sellers in a free market, transparent fashion. 
If you subject the bill to some sort of 
a discretionary permitting requirement, as one of Mr. GENE GREEN ’s 
amendments would have done, you gut the bill. You destroy the entire purpose of the bill. 
friend from Houston, Texas, I respectfully have to object to that amendment. 
from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a member of the committee. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I commend Chairman Emeritus Barton’s tremendous leadership on this issue. 
bill, bipartisan in nature, which will create thousands of American jobs, generate billions of dollars in revenues to States and locals, and use our Nation’s natural resources as a counterbalance to the rogue actors currently dominating world oil markets. 
independence to the world and jobs and economic development to the United States. 
will soon be permitted to flow, but Americanmade energy is left untapped. 
It is time to end the outdated restrictions on the export of U.S. oil and, instead, work to create and protect tens of thousands of U.S. jobs, enhance our national security, and help keep prices at the pump affordable for all consumers across the country. 
prosperity, security, and independence to the United States and our allies. Our Nation should counter Iran and create thousands of U.S. jobs in the process. 
Please vote for H.R. 702. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, may I 
ask how much time there is on both sides. 
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 24 minutes remaining. 
minute to the gentleman from the great State of New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), one of our original cosponsors 
for yielding. I appreciate his work on this important proposition. 
life, the Nation has worked under prevailing science that said we have reached peak energy, we are out, that we have to plan for the future because we have no more oil. 
in New Mexico that will provide more oil from that one find than has been produced in our State from its entire history through the entire geographic part of New Mexico. 
the refineries use a heavy sour crude. The new finds in shale are producing light sweet, which is more valuable. It is easier to refine. 
the pipelines in New Mexico, trying to get to Houston. It is selling at $17 below the market cost because there is no destination. 
our oil, they would put our workers back to work. But this law prevents it. The law in place, H.R. 702, simply says: Open that door and put Americans back to work, Americans driving trucks, Americans at the convenient stores. Americans everywhere get the jobs. 
The idea that this somehow undercuts jobs is absolutely a frivolous idea to present on this House floor. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), the ranking member 
past couple of months, I have worked tirelessly to find a reasonable compromise with the sponsor of H.R. 702, my friend and colleague from Texas (Mr. BARTON ), that would allow me and 
others with similarly situated constituencies to support this bill. 
many of my Democratic colleagues on how this bill might impact the environment and climate change, I have always stated that I believe in the allof theabove energy approach that balances environmental concerns and economic opportunities. 
Committee I advocated for an open rule process that would have allowed Democrats to offer amendments that would reflect priorities and concerns of the minority party. 
In fact, Mr. Chairman, I myself submitted an amendment that would have expanded access for minority and womenowned firms to more fully participate in the energy supply chain, which we know will be greatly enhanced if the export ban is lifted. 
in the environmental community wouldn’t agree, in my district, we say: Oil is not just a commodity. Oil is indeed an economic opportunity. b1030 
Mr. Chairman, my most pressing concern is making sure up front and from the beginning that minority firms would be part of the pipeline economy and would directly benefit from vendor and contracting opportunities that lifting this ban would create. Instead, Mr. Chairman, despite positive rhetoric from members of the majority party, a closed rule was adopted. 
was not allowed, Members are asked to vote now on Trojan horse amendments that would do nothing to actually benefit minorities and women as my far reaching amendment was designed to do. Rather than shielding the majority party from charges of creating a multibilliondollar boondoggle for the energy industry, today there is not much in this bill as currently drafted that I can point to as really benefiting all segments of the American population. 
time again, cut us in or cut it out. Cut us in or cut it out. Cut women in or cut it out. Cut the minorities in or cut it out. 
put the gentleman from Illinois down as undecided on the bill. 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F LORES), who is the chairman of the Republican Study Committee and a member of the committee. He is from the home of the Fightin’ Texas Aggies. 
H.R. 702 results in five key benefits: Number one, it benefits the American 
consumer with resulting overall lower energy prices. This particularly benefits lowerincome and lowermiddleincome Americans, providing greater financial security for these hardworking families. 
Number two, it benefits the American producer and allows them to further reinvest in our domestic energy infrastructure, furthering our energy security and American jobs. 
Number three, it benefits our geopolitical standing and strengthens ties with our global friends and allies, and it hurts those countries like Russia, Iran, and Venezuela who are opposed to American interests around the world. 
Number four, it benefits the downstream refining community, as lower prices will stimulate volume demand for refined products. This volume gives them more financial capital to hire skilled American workers and to reinvest in their operation. 
Number five, it strengthens our national defense by enhancing the Maritime Security Program, which supports a robust Merchant Marine for use by our military during times of international crisis. 
this commonsense bill, and hardworking American families all over this country should ask: Mr. President, why are you putting the interests of 
Iranian terrorists ahead of the interests of hardworking American families? 
colleagues to reject the Amash amendment and to support H.R. 702. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this legislation for several reasons. First, except in very narrow circumstances, the bill does not allow any limits—not any limits—on exports of domestic oil regardless of potential threats to our national security, and that is our top responsibility as Members—our national security. 
For decades there has been a bipartisan commitment in Congress and several administrations to energy independence and reducing our reliance on foreign oil. Given the continued dependence of our economy and our military on oil, energy independence remains critical to our national defense. But with little consideration of any national security implications, this bill allows unlimited exports of a critical strategic resource. 
imports 26 percent of the oil we consume and remains the world’s top importer. Every barrel exported under this bill would have to be replaced by a barrel imported from elsewhere, leaving us more reliant on foreign countries. 
exports only if he declares an emergency under the National Emergencies Act or the International Emergency Economic Powers Act or if he is directed by the International Energy Agency to respond to an international supply crisis. Outside of these narrow circumstances, the bill permits no restrictions on exports of crude oil. This means strategic considerations such as decreasing our reliance on imports from unfriendly regimes can play no part in deciding whether to allow exports. I don’t think that is a good deal at all. 
The bill also will have drastic impacts on the U.S. shipbuilding industry, tanker fleet, and refineries, all of which are critical to our national defense. Congress has recognized for nearly 100 years that it benefits our national security to maintain a robust domestic shipbuilding industry and commercial shipping fleet. For example, crude exports from Alaska which were legalized in 1995 must be carried on U.S.flagged vessels crewed by Americans. This bill contains no requirement that exports be carried on U.S.flagged tankers. 
allow exports of crude oil if he finds they are in the national interest. This bill would allow unlimited exports regardless of whether they are in the national security interests of the United 
States or not. I think that this is a 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. ESHOO. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, the retired Navy Captain of the USS Cole said the following: 
‘‘The national security implications of changing the existing policy regulating the export of crude oil are rife with unknown and probably unintended consequences that must be fully considered and addressed.’’ 
This bill largely ignores those important national security concerns, and it is why I urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), from the energy capital of 
has worked very hard to make sure the export ban on crude oil from Iran is lifted. But the administration has threatened to veto this bill that would lift the crude oil sanction ban on American oil. That doesn’t make any sense to me—help the Iranians sell their excess crude oil abroad, but prevent America from selling our excess crude oil abroad. That is nutty. 
Iranians over Americans? It doesn’t make any sense. The President should at least give us the same deal that he gave the Iranians: lift sanctions on them, lift the sanctions on American oil. We have a surplus. We need to sell it. ‘‘Use all we can and sell the rest.’’ That is the motto. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I believe we are lopsided on the time a little again, so I would like to reserve the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I am very honored to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ). Chairman U PTON is 
the distinguished chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee from the great State of Michigan and my good friend. 
doing a really significant, good job on getting this bill bipartisan support and working so hard over the last 18 months or so, and both in the last Congress and this Congress, to get this bill ready for the floor today. 
since the ban on crude oil was put in place in 1975. At that time, Congress 
and President Ford were responding to the Arab oil embargo crisis in an effort to protect this country from the unwanted impacts of the unstable global crude oil market. But we got good news today. Times have changed, and one of the biggest threats to the American energy boom today is not an international actor but, rather, our own ban on oil exports. 
win for our economy, yes, it is. Study after study has shown that lifting the ban would actually lower prices at the pump, create thousands of jobs, generate hundreds of millions of dollars in economic benefits, and strengthen our geopolitical influence across the globe. It will actually also reduce the deficit by more than $1 billion with additional oil royalties. These are real benefits that will be felt not only in southwest Michigan, my district, but across the country; yet, somehow, this administration does not support this thoughtful solution. 
to the nonpartisan GAO, lifting the ban could lower prices by 1.5 to 13 cents a gallon, real savings that add up for every family’s budget. Some estimates suggest that it could support the creation of an average of 394,000 jobs. Additionally, the bill before us would boost royalty payments, as I indicated, from Federal oil and gas leases. Collectively, all of these gains provide the making of a success story that would greatly benefit our economy at a time of great uncertainty. 
say that they are for an allofthe above energy policy, but the rhetoric, indeed, falls well short of reality. It doesn’t make much sense that the White House is gung ho to lift the export ban in Iran, but when it comes to this country, the answer is ‘‘no.’’ 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, this bipartisan bill would strengthen our hand in foreign diplomacy at a time when America has lost its standing on the global stage. By exporting our excess crude oil, we can help our allies seeking a safe and secure supply of energy. Instead of being beholden to OPEC and Russia for their energy needs, they can instead rely on their friends, the United States of America. 
Creating jobs, keeping energy affordable, boosting energy production, and improving our energy security—that is what this bill does. I would urge my colleagues to support the Barton bill in a vote later on this morning. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ). 
H.R. 702. Not only does this bill incentivize more oil development while 
ignoring its impact on our climate, it also essentially guarantees billions more in profits for oil companies while doing virtually nothing to help consumers. 
issues that we should be spending our time on to actually help American families, like raising the minimum wage and making college more affordable, but instead we are passing a bill to help oil companies make more money. 
Additionally, section 3 of the bill prohibits any Federal official from taking any action that could potentially restrict the export of oil. This broad language could seriously undermine critical health and safety responsibilities of the Federal Government. 
Secretary of Transportation has the authority to shut down a crude oil pipeline if it poses a threat to life, property, or the environment. But what if an oil pipeline leading to an export terminal were in imminent danger of rupturing? Would the Secretary still have the authority to shut down that line, or would that action be considered a restriction on exporting crude oil under this bill? 
Mr. Chairman, these are not hypothetical questions. This authority was recently used in my district to shut down line 901 of the Plains All American Pipeline when it ruptured last May. Since line 901 is the only way for the nearby offshore oil platforms to transport their oil to refineries, these platforms have had to shut down production entirely. Nearly 5 months after the spill, line 901 remains shut down, and there is no indication that it will be restarted in the near future. 
event happening again, and the Secretary’s authority to protect public health, property, and the environment during such an event must not be undermined. 
Yet, if this bill were law, the Secretary’s authority could be preempted entirely by section 3 of this bill. In other words, the bill could create a scenario in which the perceived right of oil companies to export their oil supersedes our very real responsibility to protect public health and safety. 
This is a fatally flawed bill and sets the wrong priorities. 
I urge its defeat. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), from District One 
of the great Pelican State, the distinguished Republican whip. 
to thank my friend from Texas for yielding, but also for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor and building a strong bipartisan coalition to finally lift the ban on oil exports. 
with the revolution that has happened in American energy because of American technology. 
We have an abundance of natural resources now and an abundance of oil. We literally could be the Saudi Arabia of energy. Yet, there is a law that is on the books that bans the ability of the United States to export its own oil. There is no other nation in the world that has that limitation on their ability to sell that natural resource. 
President is actually supporting this horrible deal with Iran that, among other things, allows Iran to export their oil to the world markets, the President at the same time is saying he opposes this bill that allows America to export its oil. 
What is at stake under this bill, if this bill passes, is it will create over 800,000 American jobs, good American jobs, here at home. 
can actually create over $800 million to reduce the deficit, deficit reduction, just by passing this bill. 
if we pass this bill? We can help our allies around the world who don’t want to have to get their oil from countries like Russia, where Vladimir Putin is using energy as a weapon against our friends. They can now get that energy from us. 
way, everything about this says yes. It is time to lift this relic of the 1970s. Let’s finally allow American oil to be exported on world markets when we have such an abundance and we have the ability to create hundreds of thousands of new American jobs along the way. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member P ALLONE for yielding the time. 
The bill is an irresponsible giveaway to Big Oil at the expense of America’s national security, at the expense of American consumers, and our longstanding policy of working towards energy independence. 
You can call it a ban, but it is not a ban. It allows and promotes oil exports to strategically important allies, to places in the national interest. It is a smart policy. 
ship America’s natural resources to countries not in our national interest. This bill will eviscerate our thoughtful policy. 
to allies in Europe and elsewhere, that is not supported by the facts. Who is most likely to benefit? Experts say China. The Energy Information Administration projects that China’s oil consumption will double over the next 2 decades. 
across the globe in exploiting and locking down natural resources. They have gone to Africa. They have gone to South America. While we have been fighting battles in Afghanistan, they have been locking down contracts for natural resources in Afghanistan. 
dealing with Chinese cyber espionage and their geopolitical confrontations with our allies and the U.S., why would we help China gain a strategic foothold on America’s natural resources? I would think that America’s national security interests would compel you to defeat this bill. 
and side with American consumers instead and American jobs. America is still heavily dependent on imports of crude oil. We still import 25 percent today. 
oil overseas would help consumers in America is entirely unsupported, no matter how many times they say it. Instead, what the studies show is that exporting American oil would feed the uncertainty of oil markets and likely increase costs to American consumers. 
can go to the gas station and fill up your tank at about $1.99 per gallon. So it defies logic to say that changing this policy that is working for America right now would really lower the price. I don’t think so. 
take a hit if this bill becomes law. Why? Because of the important jobs in the refining industry, the shipping industry. Those are American jobs. Side with the American jobs. 
Exports will be determined only by Big Oil to serve the interests of Big Oil, ceding complete control of this strategic national asset. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
close, Mr. Chairman, the cost to U.S. consumers, our policy of energy independence, our national security interests compel a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. 
minute to the gentleman from Cincinnati, the Buckeye State of Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). 
the honor of leading the House Small Business Committee. A few months back we held a hearing on this very topic. We heard from small businesses about how this ban is holding them back. That is the untold story of this. This ban is hurting small businesses all across this country. 
of oil and gas in the world. Lifting this decadesold ban is an opportunity to jumpstart the economy. It would help 1 million Americans find work. It 
would increase the GDP. It would narrow the trade deficit, attract new capital to the U.S., and stabilize the global energy supply. 
in the 21st century, let’s not keep one hand tied behind our back. Let’s replace outdated energy policies with ones that are forwardthinking, ones that will create new jobs in a new American century. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT). 
Chairman, ladies and gentleman, this bill is about two things. It is about jobs and it is about national security. It will give us an opportunity to get Congress to join in with my good friend from North Dakota, KEVIN CRAMER , 
and B RADASHFORD from Nebraska, because this is about jobs and nobody needs jobs more than African Americans. 
African American males. This allows us to be a part of being able to get language in that will help African American males get the kind of apprenticeship training with the Teamsters, with the AFL–CIO, with the operating engineers, all of those unions and contractors who are rebuilding this infrastructure for this oil. 
mistake about it, ladies and gentlemen. What do you think Russia is doing over in the Middle East? They want dominance over energy in the world, and he who controls the energy in the world controls the world. That is why they want to prop up Syria, because that is the seaport to get it out of the Middle East. 
people and protect the world from Russia. Vote to lift the ban on the oil exports. 
want to say ‘‘amen’’ to what the gentleman from Georgia just said. 
Mr. Chairman, what time is remaining on each side? 
Texas has 15 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 7
minute to the entire delegation from the great State of North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), the original cosponsor of the 
I have often said I don’t know why it 
I have to tell you, I was prepared to 
give a great speech and then I listened to my friend from Georgia and, quite honestly, I feel inadequate to the task. 
and so beautifully, and I am committed to exactly what you talked about. 
So maybe what I will try to do instead in my remaining seconds is remind us of the context that it was 72 
Kippur War broke out that led to U.S. aid to Israel, which led to a 5 percent reduction out of OPEC of oil, which led to the very issue we are talking about today, that this historical context in a national security context is not irrelevant. 
Let’s not, I would say, let history repeat itself, but let’s use the peaceful tools of energy development while creating jobs in America replace the weapons of war in Europe and in the Middle East. Let’s use our influence for good by selling this Americanmade product that is produced by American workers, and let’s do it in a bipartisan fashion today. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), on behalf of the gentleman 
thank the gentleman. I am normally on the opposite side of the gentleman on the congressional baseball team and normally with Congressman DOYLE . So 
I hope we can win this one against Congressman MIKEDOYLE . So I thank the 
16,000 jobs in Ohio, almost $3 billion in investment. Our friends, the operating engineers and the laborers who are going to do that work, are supportive of this bill. 
refineries, and I think we need to continue to work on that and see if we can fix that issue. 
the savings to the American consumer will be anywhere from 2 cents a gallon all the way up to 12 cents a gallon. Colombia University, Brookings, Aspen, Resources for the Future, all are saying this is going to reduce the cost of gas, which is a direct benefit for our consumers and our constituents who need it as we see this huge economic squeeze for the middle class. 
Lastly, I have been sitting on the Defense Appropriations Committee now for a number of years, and this issue here can directly benefit our ability to deal with what is happening in the Middle East. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
seconds to the gentleman from Ohio on the understanding that he will not play his best game against us next summer. 
on the Defense Appropriations Committee, we sit in these classified briefings and we see what is happening with Russia, we see what Putin is doing, we see what is happening in the Middle East, the Ukraine. 
to export our natural gas. We need to have a bigger footprint in the world so 
that we can make sure that our allies have access to consistent energy flows coming here from the United States and creating jobs here in the United States. 
of the Center for New American Security, former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy under President Obama says: 
By lifting the ban on U.S. exports of crude 
oil, U.S. policymakers have an extraordinary opportunity to enhance not only our economic vitality, but also our national security. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ). 
the export of crude oil from the United States. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 702. 
we have heard. Since these laws were last visited nearly 40 years ago, U.S. oil production has increased significantly and the United States is now the largest producer of oil and gas. 
current ban on crude oil exports would create jobs, many in the rural areas. We in our part of the world have seen the benefits that domestic drilling can provide by looking at our neighboring State of North Dakota. 
support the use and production of domestic energy. H.R. 702 is an important part of that. 
all Members of Congress will continue to support an alloftheabove domestic energy production strategy by considering the national security and the economic development benefits of not just oil production, but of biofuel production and related products. 
minute to the gentleman from Sugar Land, Texas (Mr. OLSON ), a member of 
shows why we have to end this ban on crude exports. 
were getting 1.2 million barrels per day from OPEC, and that dropped down to a scant 19,000. Gas prices doubled. If you had to gas your lawn mower, you had to get in line behind cars. 
that world is gone. We are now awash in American crude oil. OPEC’s days of dominance are over; but we can’t deliver a knockout blow until we end the ban on American crude exports, which we will do in a few short minutes. When that happens, American families will have lower prices at the pump. Thug oil nations like Venezuela, Russia, and Iran will lose bite. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
thousands and thousands and thousands of goodpaying American jobs. 
minute to the gentleman from the great Buckeye State of Ohio (Mr. STIVERS), a member of the Armed Services 
gentleman from Texas for his extraordinary work on this bill. 
This bill is important for our national security. It is important for jobs. We need to end the oil export ban so that we can export oil that has been generated as part of this energy revolution in this country that is going to be great for jobs and help our national security partners around the world. 
give America more jobs. Let’s end the oil export ban. Please support this bill today. 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
aisle claim 800,000 jobs, a million jobs. They don’t have any real defined ability to provide such an estimate. Actually, this is a number that is made up because, as some of the speakers have acknowledged, there will be offsetting job losses as a result of what is going to happen, for example, in the refining industry or what is going to happen in terms of some of the transport. 
But that is beside the point. We actually have a policy that is working. There will come a time, perhaps, when it makes sense in a strategic matter to make an adjustment. 
latitude to be able to help some of our strategic partners. He has that flexibility. We are awash in oil in this country, and to expect that somehow exporting more of it is going to make a dramatic impact at the pump here is a pipe dream. It won’t. It might make a modest impact. 
to the large oil companies as part of a larger package that would help everybody. We have expiring tax provisions, for instance, dealing with the production tax credit, dealing with wind and solar that actually create far more jobs than will be found in the refining and in the oil production. And these are good, familywage jobs all across the country 
speaks to alternative energy continuity, that speaks to conservation, that speaks to a longterm strategy that is a winwin. I am absolutely confident that Mr. PALLONE and Mr. B ARTON could sit down and deal with a 
package that would have far more benefit for America. 
goodie to the oil companies, let’s have a more comprehensive approach that meets our comprehensive energy needs. This bill doesn’t do it. 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) on behalf of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C UELLAR ). 
colleagues have mentioned, the ban on crude oil exports is an outdated policy. It was 1975 that it was enacted. A lot has changed since 1975. 
I believe this bipartisan, commonsense solution is needed to develop a comprehensive effort to deal with our energy policy in America that deals with both our shortterm and our long term needs. I think we have to use all the tools in our energy toolbox, and I think this is part of that effort. 
United States with an abundance of crude oil that is only continuing in nature, combined with our renewables and our other energy sources. 
about stimulating our economy and creating jobs, and it also has a very important geopolitical influence on bad actors, like Russia and Iran, who use energy as a political weapon. 
my colleagues about eliminating this ban and the negative impacts it will have. I have some concerns with small and midsized domestic refineries, which I have represented. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
in progress. We obviously need to address a number of other issues with the Senate. 
I remind my colleagues, this is important. It is about jobs, the economy, and providing alternatives of energy to Russia and Iran, and that is why I support this legislation as we continue to work together in a bipartisan fashion. 
the gentleman from the Golden Gate State of California (Mr. HUNTER ), a distinguished subcommittee chairman of the Armed Services Committee. 
and we are cutting down on our refineries even, but this is important for the Nation. 
One big part of this bill is the Maritime Security Program. If you don’t know it, over 90 percent of all the stuff that we transfer to Iraq, Afghanistan, 
anywhere where there are American troops—all of their gear, their tanks, their weapons, their ammo, everything, for the most part—is shipped on Americanflag commercial vessels. 
the ocean every day, 79 of those are Americanflag. That is it, 79 out of 50,000. Sixty of those are on call when America needs them to transfer our gear to our troops overseas. 
When I was a lieutenant in the Marine Corps, on my second tour in 2004, I drove down to the San Diego Port with my Marine battery, and we loaded up all the equipment that we would then fall in on in Iraq 2 months later. 
Without the Maritime Security Program plusup that is in this bill, we would not be able to go fight wars. We would not be able to move our equipment. We would not be able to support our troops. 
not only national security because it is energy security, but it is national security because that is how we support our troops overseas is with the Maritime Security Program, which this bill pluses up. 
I just want to say thank you to the 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I had planned to support this bill, as a matter of fact, as a cosponsor; but since I have been unable to remove myself from the cosponsorship, I wish to speak on the record regarding my opposition to this particular bill. 
consider the potential for all energy sources to meet our Nation’s current and future needs, I believe that this legislation lacks the proper safeguards and oversight for such a major change in our Nation’s energy policy. The bill does not appropriately consider the implications of our national security, the economy, consumers, and, especially, the environment. 
demand for oil or definitively increase the number of U.S. jobs in the energy sector. On the contrary, many U.S. jobs that are downstream in the domestic refining process may be threatened. 
countries for refining purposes would likely increase overall CO2emissions. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
Texas. Mr. Chair, the bottom line is that we must consider many factors related to our energy portfolio before we lift any current restrictions. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 
702. Since I am unable to remove myself as a cosponsor of the legislation, I would like to speak on the record regarding my opposition to this particular bill. 
While I believe that Congress should consider the potential for all energy sources to meet our nation’s current and future needs, I believe that this legislation lacks the proper safeguards and oversight for such a major change in our nation’s energy policy. The bill does not appropriately consider the implications for our national security, the economy, consumers, and especially the environment. Exporting crude oil does not increase demand for oil or definitively increase the number of U.S. jobs in the energy sector. On the contrary, many U.S. jobs that are downstream in the domestic refining process may be threatened. 
for refining purposes will likely increase overall CO2emissions, thus amplifying the impacts of 
climate change. Facing the challenge of climate change requires us to be responsible and accountable for our own natural resources. This bill does not provide any recourse to mitigate or even examine these potential impacts, and thus ignores this responsibility entirely. 
It should be noted that the Obama Administration has made every effort to compromise by easing export restrictions where appropriate after careful review. The Commerce Department recently approved limited crude oil exchanges with Mexico. However, the President believes that unilaterally lifting the export ban is excessive, and I join him in his opposition. Lifting the crude oil ban for shortterm gains with no accounting of the costs that will be incurred is illadvised and shortsighted. 
many factors related to our energy portfolio before we lift any current restrictions. Without serious deliberation and oversight of the potential environmental and economic impacts of such as significant shift in our national energy policy, I must urge my colleagues to vote no on this bill. 
minutes to the gentleman from the Peach State of Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ) on 
behalf of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). 
come to the floor today to express my support of H.R. 702, muchneeded legislation which will lift the arbitrary ban on the export of one of our country’s most abundant natural resources: crude oil. 
of a different time before we as a nation knew just how much crude oil we have stored in the earth across this country. We are entirely too dependent on foreign oil sources, particularly from countries who have no regard for the American economy. 
period between 2000 and 2013, U.S. production of crude oil increased by nearly fourteenfold, from 250,000 barrels per day to 3.5 million. With this large amount of excess capacity, we can sell our oil to the global markets, which will bring U.S. crude prices in line with global prices, and global prices will go 
No less than 68 percent of consumers’ cost of gasoline—and 57 percent for diesel fuel—come from the price of the source: crude oil. 
the increased global supply will lead to lower prices at the pump. Not only will consumers have more money to spend on school supplies, food, clothing, and other household staples, but the prices of these goods will go down because the cost to transport them from manufacturer to store will decrease. 
to consider the security implications of allowing the export of crude. 
world that we can provide a stable source of energy to friendly countries around the globe. Our supplies will dilute the market share of unfriendly countries and weaken their grip on our democratic ally nations who have to depend on some of our unfriendly countries for their oil supplies. We can provide an alternative source to those who don’t want to support our adversaries and their adversaries. 
have two speakers, myself and Mr. CUELLAR . I believe I have the right to 
close, so I would ask my friend from New Jersey how many speakers he still has. 
Mr. BARTON. Well, at this time, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time remains on my side? 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). 
have before us a very, very important issue. It is a national security issue. My good friend from San Diego spoke to one part of our Nation’s security, and that is the ability of this Nation to move its interests around the world not just with airplanes, but with ships. 
Unfortunately, this is a very narrowly constructed piece of legislation that speaks to the interests of the petroleum industry and the many thousands of people who work there. We concede that. But this bill could also be a boon to another part of our Nation’s security, and that is our maritime industry. Unfortunately, the bill does not do that. 
Security Program—and that is good—it does not deal in full potential with what we can do, and that is to require 
that this strategic asset, oil, be shipped on Americanbuilt ships with American mariners. That is not in the bill. It should be. It could be. 
mariners all around this Nation would have tens of thousands of jobs, and we would secure yet not only the interest of our petroleum industry but, also, the interest of our maritime industry as well as the shipyards upon which this Nation’s national defense depends. Put it in the bill. Then let’s see how many votes you can get. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ), my chief sponsor, the 
gentleman that represents south Texas and the Eagle Ford Shale. 
I rise in support of H.R. 702 that repeals the ban on crude oil. This ban reflects an America of yesterday. It is our job, as Members of Congress, that our laws reflect the America of tomorrow. 
this ban hurts the economy and prevents the creation of jobs. This ban imposes an estimated $200 to $300 billion cost to the economy and discourages domestic, madeinAmerica crude oil production. 
359,000 new jobs. How do I know? Because I represent the Eagle Ford and I have seen smallbusiness people, men and women, that work very hard every single day to have this type of job. And I think we owe it to them and across the Nation. 
This ban also reduces the Federal direct spending by $1.4 billion, according to the CBO. So it also helps our deficit. This ban is something that we need to change, and we need to make sure that we lift this ban. 
According to the General Accounting Office, this will bring prices down from 1.5 cents to 13 cents. The CBO says the same thing: 5 cents to 10 cents. The administration’s own agency, the Energy Information Administration, says it will bring it down one penny or remain. It doesn’t go up. It goes down. 
our powers in foreign policy. Why are we allowing Russia or Iran to dictate what happens in this world? This is why we need to make sure that we support the repealing of this ban. 
you know it is a bipartisan bill. Democrats and Republicans support this bill, but it is also supported by business, smallbusiness owners, and by some of the labor organizations. We have talked to those labor organizations. 
the administration, the President, has issued a SAP saying that he would veto 
this bill. This bill is going nowhere because of that veto and the potential for a veto. 
windfall of $30 billion in profits to the oil industry, no strings attached, no sacrifices required. 
environmental groups: the United Steelworkers, the IBEW, the BlueGreen Alliance, and the Industrial Energy Consumers of America. 
is supported by the American public who, regardless of party, support investing in refineries at home rather than lifting crude export restrictions. In fact, around 70 percent of voters oppose allowing oil companies to export more U.S. oil. 
the whole week doing little more than attacking women’s health and assisting Big Oil for their big profits. It is time to come together in the name of energy and national security. In the name of common sense and economic good sense, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
had a very enlightening debate for the last hour. I would say 30 Members of Congress have stood up and spoken either in favor or opposition to the bill. 
I want it to be noted that a large 
number of my friends on the Democratic side have risen in support of the bill. I want to compliment Mr. CUELLAR for his strong leadership in 
Mr. Chairman, person after person stands up and says: Why can’t you folks in Congress get along? Why don’t you try to be positive? Why don’t you try to do what is right for America? Why don’t you work together on a bipartisan basis? 
We have a large number of Democratic cosponsors and a large number of Republicans. This bill will help all 50 States. As Mr. BISHOP and Mr. S COTT 
have stated on the Democratic side, it helps low income, it helps minorities, it helps women. It helps every sector of the economy, not just the oil industry, not just the roughnecks, not just the drillers. It helps truck drivers. It helps steelworkers. It helps refinery workers. It even helps computer programmers. You name it, it helps it. 
Some estimates are this bill, if enacted, would create as many as a million jobs. We know, for a fact, that the 
and a half has cost the U.S. economy over 500,000 jobs, 750,000 jobs. Those are real people. 
That is people that get up every morning and kiss their wives, hop in their car, go to work and work hard 8, 10, 12 hours a day, get the bills at the end of the month and hope they have enough money to pay the bills. It is bluecollar America. It is not Big Oil. It is everybody in this country, Mr. Chairman. 
This bill is a marketbased bill: willing buyer, willing seller. The U.S. has the largest oil reserves in the world. We have the capability to be number one in the world. Why on God’s green Earth don’t we use it? Why are we the only nation in the world that is restricted in one of the blessings that God has endowed our great Nation with? 
to 20 million barrels a day. We are producing right now 9 million barrels a day. U.S. oil can go anywhere in the world if we allow it to. That is an economic asset. It is a military strategic asset. All we have to do is repeal an archaic law that was passed in 1975 when we couldn’t export a barrel of oil if we wanted to. We were importing two thirds of our oil. 
everybody in America, that is in the economic interests of America, that is in the environmental interests of America, that is in the military strategic interests of America. 
Let’s send this bill to the Senate with strong bipartisan support. God bless America. God bless this great country. Pass H.R. 702. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee on H.R. 702, a bill to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, which was referred to us on February 4, 2015. 
I agreed that the Foreign Affairs Committee might be discharged from further action on this bill so that it could proceed expeditiously to the Floor, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would request your support for the appointment of Foreign Affairs conferees during any House Senate conference on this legislation. 
I respectfully ask that you place our letters on H.R. 702 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on Energy and Commerce as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, 
your assistance regarding H.R. 702, a bill to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, which was referred to our respective committees on February 4, 2015. 
the Foreign Affairs Committee might be discharged from further action on H.R. 702 so 
that it can proceed expeditiously to the floor, and I agree that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, I would support your request for the appointment of Foreign Affairs conferees during any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. 
I will place our letters on H.R. 702 into the 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of 
national security and foreign policy. The Administration has created an absurd situation. While they are lifting sanctions on Iranian crude oil, they are fighting to keep sanctions on American crude oil. It makes no sense. 
would increase subsidy payments to U.S. shipping companies participating in the ‘‘Maritime Security Program.’’ By increasing our oil exports, as this legislation does, that’s already a boon to U.S. shipping. So why the government subsidy? 
So I will support an amendment that is to be 
But Mr. Chair, if this maritime subsidy is ultimately part of this legislation, the door is then open to offset it by eliminating yet another damaging subsidy: U.S. cargo preference for international food aid. 
Over the past three years, the Foreign Affairs Committee has led efforts to reform U.S. international food aid programs so we could reach more starving people in less time, and for less money. 
A stumbling block to this effort has been a 
requirement in U.S. law that U.S. food aid be shipped on U.S. vessels—even though many of them are foreignowned. This requirement remains yearafteryear despite the fact that the Defense Department has concluded that relieving a portion of our food aid budget from U.S. purchase and shipping requirements would have no effect on U.S. maritime security. 
If maintained in this bill, the proposed increase for ‘‘Maritime Security Program’’ payments literally ‘‘sinks’’ the arguments against food aid reform. One wasteful corporate subsidy is bad enough; a second that kills our ability to reform food aid and save lives would be beyond conscience, and something I am confident this body would wisely reject. 
support of H.R. 702, a bipartisan bill to lift the 40year old, selfimposed, crude oil export ban. 
The United States is now among the top oil 
producing nations in the world. Lifting this export ban will bring us roaring back into the 
global oil markets at a time when market conditions are particularly competitive. 
the aisle may say, this bill would actually lower gas prices here at home. We live in a global economy, and participation in a global market leads to competitive pricing. The nonpartisan Government Accountability Office—in addition to the worldrenowned analytics firm, HIS— have both determined that enacting this bill will lower gas prices, create hundreds of thousands of jobs, and provide a muchneeded boost our economy. 
With all these benefits, why would we continue to hold onto this export ban? The only reason it was imposed in the first place was in response to the Arab oil embargo. That was over 40 years ago. It is prudent to move past these decadesold issues, and instead focus on the issues we face today. 
deal with Iran—a deal of President Obama’s making. And one component of this terrible deal is that sanctions will be lifted on Iran so that they will be able to access a much larger portion of the world oil market, yielding billions of dollars to their coffers. Why would we make a deal with Iran—a deal that allows them to export their oil so they can fund terrorism around the world—but still hold onto this self imposed ban? 
out on billions in direct revenue to the Treasury, not to mention the secondary revenue streams from improved economic conditions. 
growth. Let’s pass this bill to create hundreds of thousands of muchneeded jobs. Let’s pass this bill to counterbalance the exports of Iran, Russia, and the OPEC nations. 
discuss H.R. 702, a bill to ‘‘Adapt to Changing Crude Oil Market Conditions.’’ 
H.R. 702 repeals the law prohibiting the exports of crude oil that has been on the books for more than 40 years, a response to the Arab Oil Embargo led by OPEC in 1973 that sent oil prices soaring and inflicted substantial damage on the American economy. 
Let me express my appreciation to Chairman Emeritus BARTON and Ranking Member 
to American energy independence, economic growth, national security, and expanding opportunities and diversifying the energy sector workforce. 
promise of moving our country towards energy independence, create goodpaying jobs, lowering gasoline prices, promoting our geopolitical interests, and strengthening our defense capabilities. 
economy,’’ ‘‘prosustainable environment and development,’’ and for homeland and national security. 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, fair, and promote the national interest. 
the energy capital of the nation, I have always been mindful of the importance and have strongly advocated for national energy policies 
that will make our nation more energy independent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
which I represent and is home to Shell Oil, ConocoPhillips, Chevron Phillips, BP Corporation of North America, Marathon Oil, Enterprise Products Partners (Oil and Gas Pipelines), and Halliburton (Oilfield Services), and many others. 
policies that maintain or enhance the competitiveness of American petroleum energy business in the world oil markets. 
Mr. Chair, the world is very different than it 
was in 1973 when the ban on crude oil exports was adopted. 
And much of the change we see today is attributable to America’s unconventional oil boom. 
million barrels per day according to the U.S. DOE’s Energy Information Administration, up from 7 million barrel per day in 2008. 
And it is estimated that U.S. output will exceed 18 million barrels a day by 2040. 
and imports have declined nearly 30 percent between 2005 and 2013. 
crude oil export ban may pose one of the biggest threats to this U.S. production boom and to the economy. 
led to a substantial decline in oil prices over the past year and the resulting decrease in revenues has forced U.S. producers in my district and elsewhere to slash investment and cancel projects. 
I have met and know many of the employers and workers affected by industry job reductions. 
American crude oil producers new markets for their product and would mean fewer layoffs. 
Institution and other organizations suggest that the economic benefits to the nation of repealing the ban on crude oil exports would be substantial. 
crude oil export ban will: 1. generate over $1.4 billion in revenue to the federal treasury over the next 10 years from oil and gas leases, according to the Congressional Budget Office; 2. lower gasoline prices by 13 cents per gallon according to the Government Accountability Office; 3. support up to 964,000 additional American jobs; 4. allow the United States to help its allies, enhance its energy security, and weaken the influence and market power of OPEC and Russia; and 5. strengthen the 60ship Maritime Security Fleet, assuring that United States flag ships and crews will be available to provide support to the military in defense of our national interests and our allies. 
The economic benefits projected to be derived from a repeal of the crude oil export ban are stunning in their magnitude: 1. 300,000 additional jobs by 2020; 2. $5.8 billion savings in fuel costs each year between 2015 and 2035; 3. $70 billion in additional investment in U.S. exploration, development, and production of crude oil between 2015 and 2020; 4. 500,000 barrels per day increase in domestic 
crude oil production in 2020; 5. $38 billion in additional economic activity in 2020; 6. $13.5 billion in additional federal, state, and local revenue in 2020; and a 7. $22 billion reduction in the U.S. trade deficit in 2020. 
district, lifting the ban would generate an additional 500 jobs and inject an additional $275 million into the local economy, resulting in an increase in government revenues in the amount of $227.7 million. 
crude oil export ban is that the U.S. crude oil production would increase 1.2 million barrels per day average between 2016 and 2030. 
Additionally, manufacturing jobs are expected to increase by an average of 37,000 per year through 2025 and analysts predict that construction jobs will increase 217,000 in the peak year 2017, while related professional services jobs would grow by an average of 148,000 per year. 
Repeal of the crude oil export ban is expected to spur capital investment in machinery, exploration, and development by $7 billion in 2020. 
by nearly $73 billion in 2016 and by at least $134 billion in 2018. 
by a combined $1.3 trillion between 2016 and 2030. 
The revenue generated translates to an expected average annual increase of $2,500 in disposable income per household, additional jobs for American workers, and lower gasoline prices for American consumers. 
Chair, lifting the crude export ban will enhance our national influence in international affairs because we will be stronger economically and more energy independent. 
geopolitical objectives of maintaining peace and security across the globe which in turn furthers our national security interests. 
For all of these reasons, I support H.R. 702 
and urge my colleagues to join me and also support Jackson Lee Amendments 9 and 10. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–29. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of the substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
net exporter of energy has the potential to transform the security environment around the world, notably in Europe and the Middle East. 
presence of more United States oil in the market will offer more secure supply options, which will strengthen United States strategic alliances and help curtail the use of energy as a political weapon. 
vital element of our military’s strategic sealift and global response capability. It assures United Statesflag ships and United States crews will be available to support the United States military when it needs to mobilize to protect our allies, and is the most prudent and economical solution to meet current and projected sealift requirements for the United States. 
Section 103 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
to promote the efficient exploration, production, storage, supply, marketing, pricing, and regulation of energy resources, including fossil fuels, no official of the Federal Government shall impose or enforce any restriction on the export of crude oil. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall conduct a study and transmit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate recommendations on the appropriate size, composition, and purpose of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
Nothing in this Act limits the authority of the 
President under the Constitution, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), or part B of title II of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6271 et seq.) to prohibit exports. 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 290. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . AMASH  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Page 3, line 18, through page 4, line 21, 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. AMASH ) and a Member opposed 
amendment removes a new section of the bill added by the Committee on Rules that increases funding for the Maritime Security Program by $500 million. My amendment does not eliminate the program. It simply keeps it at its current authorization level. 
conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act. This defense policy bill, negotiated at length between House and Senate conferees, increases the annual subsidy for Maritime Security Program participants from $3.1 million per vessel to $3.5 million per vessel, a 12.9 percent increase. The provision, added quietly by the Committee on Rules, circumvents regular order and increases funding even more. 
As amended, H.R. 702 boosts pervessel payments to $5 million per year, increasing the subsidy by a whopping 42 percent. The proper place for a discussion on funding for the Maritime Security Program is in a defense bill like the NDAA, not as part of a bill that lifts a ban on crude oil exports. 
more reckless, given our more than $18 trillion national debt. According to the Congressional Budget Office, lifting the export ban will increase receipts from Federal oil and gas leases by $1.4 billion over the next 10 years. We should use those receipts to reduce the deficit. 
should amend bills. The first way is to go through the normal committee process, by introducing amendments 
during a markup. Members have the opportunity to debate and vote on amendments in the committee of jurisdiction. We should respect the work committees do by not altering the bills they report before we even consider the legislation on the House floor. 
The second way is to offer an amendment when the bill comes up for debate on the House floor. This gives all Representatives the opportunity to participate in the debate and represent their constituents by voting on the measure. Unfortunately, the Committee on Rules changed this bill behind closed doors late last week. 
defenserelated program that has nothing to do with oil exports or energy production. This provision has no place in H.R. 702, and its eleventhhour addition by the Committee on Rules is the latest example of our broken legislative process. 
institution and the legislative process. Adding an unrelated provision to this bill behind closed doors is no way to legislate. 
my amendment to remove this unrelated $500 million spending increase so we can consider H.R. 702 as reported by the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
1⁄4minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F ORBES ). 
today to support H.R. 702 but, more importantly, to oppose this amendment. 
First of all, I would tell the gentleman, this amendment was considered and this provision was considered in the NDAA, and we actually did mark it up. 
the national security of this country to maintain the private sector sealift capacity. Our top military commanders have called MSP a vital element of our military strategic sealift and global response capability, and it is worth noting that 90 percent of all U.S. military cargo moved from Iraq and Afghanistan has been by Americanflagged, Americancrewed commercial vessels enrolled in the MSP program. 
it would basically cost us $13 billion to recreate this. The U.S. Transportation Command has estimated it would cost $52 billion. In other words, Mr. Chairman, it would take us between 42 years and 168 years to recoup our costs. 
Let’s defeat this amendment and protect the Maritime Security Program. 
amendment is about process. I recognize the concerns of my colleague. This 
should be handled in the NDAA or in a defense bill. 
amendment eliminating this $500 million increase in spending and reject the Rules Committee’s eleventhhour revision that has nothing to do with crude oil exports. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
This amendment would harm America’s national security. Under the program that it seeks to eliminate, the Pentagon reserves capacity on roughly 60 U.S.flagged commercial ships to ensure the supply and transport of American troops. It is a program that supports our private sector as well, requiring the Defense Department to contract private commercial ships rather than building their own. So there was not redundancy, but complementary ability. 
It is a program that enhances America’s national security by ensuring that our military can depend on U.S. flagged and crewed vessels instead of foreign ones. It is a program that supports important domestic maritime jobs. 
amendment. This legislation is, obviously, controversial. I hope this amendment is not controversial and that it receives overwhelming bipartisan opposition. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). 
maritime transportation is vital to our success. Last year, the United States imported $2.4 trillion and exported $1.6 trillion in cargo and goods. Much of that cargo came to the United States on foreignbuilt ships, under foreign flags, and without U.S. citizens on board. 
bedrock of our economy since our founding. More cargo moves through our waterways than any other mode of transportation. We need to protect our domestic maritime industry, and that includes men and women that work on these ships. 
unions, including the Seafarers and the Marine Engineers, since my first days in Congress. I want to thank my colleagues for supporting our U.S.flagged maritime unions. I oppose this amendment because I support any effort to keep these folks working. 
I would like to take a minute and acknowledge a recent incident in the Atlantic Ocean. The disappearance of the El Faro resulted in the loss of life. I 
want to extend my prayers to the families. Working on these ships is tough and can be hazardous, as we learned last week. 
It is my hope that we can defeat this 
amendment and ensure our economic viability and national security by putting U.S. crews and U.S. flags on more ships. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). 
Transportation Subcommittee. I am also the vice chairman of the Seapower Subcommittee in the Armed Services Committee. Mr. FORBES is the chairman of the subcommittee that handles this stuff. This went through the process. This is the process. This is how it is supposed to work. 
U.S.flagged commercial vessels on the ocean today. That is 79 out of about 50,000; 60 of those are used in times of war. It would cost us billions of dollars to create a fleet that sits there mothballing until we go to war and then we get to use it. 
the process, and this is how we keep national security strong. Republicans and Democrats realize this is the process. It is the right way to do it, and it shores up the Maritime Security Program for a decade. That is 10 years that we don’t have to worry about this, and it is paid for. The gentleman from Michigan would have a point if this were not paid for. It is totally paid for. 
This is the right vehicle for it, and I 
would urge all my colleagues to vote against the gentleman’s amendment and support maritime security and national security. 
to Amash amendment that would undermine our domestic maritime industry and its workers. 
tradition that supports quality jobs and keeps our economy moving. 
we have the ships and mariners to support our local, regional, and national economy—to keep folks employed and get goods to market. 
a decade I believe the MSP is the kind of program we ought to back, not completely scrap. 
men and women that are out on the sea. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. AMASH ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
consumption over the past decade, and increasing investment in clean energy technology and energy efficiency will lower energy prices, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and increase national security. 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ) and a 
data suggests that climate change is accelerating. As a result, the destabilizing effect it has on our environment is worsening. To my mind, this is a clear threat to American prosperity and global stability. 
the Governor of the Bank of England in a speech recently said that he is very concerned that unless we respond to climate change, there will be a dramatic reduction in value of carbon assets, which will cause a financial crisis. As a country with the largest financial markets in the world, we should be concerned about that. 
Citigroup recently put out a research report that said unless we deal with climate change, the effect on global GDP will be $44 trillion to the negative by 2050. That is twice the size of the U.S. economy. 
the U.N. has estimated that unless we deal with climate change, 150 million people will be forced to be relocated by 2050; 20 million, alone, in Bangladesh. Put that in the context of the fact that in Syria we are seeing the effects of 7 million people being forced to be relocated. 
threat to American prosperity, and the bad news is that our environment is worse. 
better for dealing with this problem. Consider the fact that, as we have doubled the installed base of solar energy in this country, we have reduced the cost of energy by 23 percent. It has happened over the last several cycles of doubling solar, and people expect it to continue. This is occurring because of good oldfashioned American innovation. 
policy prescriptions from the government that effectively cost and price 
carbon, at a minimum, Mr. Chairman, we should agree that by investing in clean energy technology, we will reduce greenhouse gas emissions, we will lower energy costs for the American public, and we will increase national security. That is what the amendment that I have here today is designed to do. 
opposition to the amendment, but only in order to control the time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BARTON. Chairman UPTON and I 
are prepared to accept the gentleman’s amendment, but we do have some Republican speakers who would like to speak in favor of it. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I had the opportunity to visit an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico and see firsthand the safety regulations and enhancements that have been put in place by the industry in recent years. Two of the primary topics of discussion during our visit were safety and the environment. I was glad to learn the industry has put a lot of contingencies in place to make sure we can continue drilling for oil in a manner that is safe and responsible. 
this simple amendment that would recognize our country is making progress in becoming more energy efficient; and that is better for the economy and the environment. 
other forms of energy that are benefiting our country’s economy and its national security. Wind, solar, natural gas, and nuclear energy are all contributing greatly to our energy independence, and this amendment before us today acknowledges that we should continue to promote an allofthe above energy strategy for this 21st century. 
gentleman from the great city of Kinderhook, New York (Mr. GIBSON ). 
this amendment. I am honored to be working with my colleagues JOHN 
This amendment adds another strategic dimension to this bill: support for 
On our way to energy independence, it is critical that we support research and development for clean energy technologies. 
In New York, we are doing a lot of 
this work supporting important programs like the SunShot program, with the ambitious goal of driving down the total cost of photovoltaics to 9 cents per kilowatt hour, which would allow it to compete with any other energy source and democratize energy, transforming the way we produce, convey, and consume energy. 
also see more proliferation of wind power, hydroelectric power, and biomass energy complementing all other traditional energy sources, including crude oil, adding up to a stronger America. 
can do hard things. We have proven that time and again. With the proper focus and investment, we will dominate the clean energy world market. And when we do, we will drive down energy costs; we will grow our economy, strengthen our national security, and conserve our environment. 
Let’s take a robust and holistic approach to energy independence. 
to thank my colleague and my friend from Texas for accepting this amendment. I want to thank my colleague from New York and my colleague from Florida for their support of their amendment and their insight into this issue. 
support the amendment. It is very simple. It simply says that investing in basic research and investing in American innovation will, in fact, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which it has been proven to do; will, in fact, lower energy costs, which it has been proven to do; and will, in fact, increase national security in this great country. 
So, again, I want to I thank my colleagues for their support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I accept 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall conduct, and transmit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the results of, a study on the net greenhouse gas emissions that will result from the repeal of the crude oil export ban under section 2. 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) and a 
to offer my amendment to H.R. 702. This is the only amendment that the majority would allow in order to help us understand the impacts of lifting the crude oil export ban on greenhouse gas emissions. 
Before the Rules Committee, Ranking Member PALLONE and I offered two 
other amendments that would have more proactively studied the increase in greenhouse gas emissions caused by this bill. Instead, the majority only allowed this amendment, which requires that the Department of Energy do a report on the increasing greenhouse gas emissions caused by the lifting of the crude oil export ban, but still allows the ban to be lifted. 
has come to, unfortunately, in this Chamber. Instead of analyzing full impacts before voting, the majority has adopted a ‘‘pollute first, ask questions later’’ approach. Repeal the restrictions on fossil fuel extraction and production, and then we will figure out the environmental impact later. 
exports could increase oil production by as much as 500,000 barrels a day. That is a significant increase that risks expanding production into sensitive areas off our coasts and our public lands. 
According to the Center for American Progress, this surge in production would result in an additional 515 million metric tons of carbon pollution each year. That is the equivalent of an additional 108 million passenger cars on the road or 135 coalfired power plants put online. That is what this bill could do. That is why over 40 environmental groups are opposing it. 
might dispute this study. It is the Center for American Progress. And so, when we hear studies from any group that is not funded by the fossil fuel industry, we typically hear them accused of being biased, leftleaning sources, and certainly they are welcome to make that argument. 
an established, nonpartisan source of assessments on the impacts to our environment for bills that this Congress considers? 
am also introducing the Carbon Pollution Transparency Act of 2015. This is a bill that would require the CBO to estimate and report on the projected carbon footprint of each bill Congress considers. That way, we know before we vote how a bill would impact our climate and our environment. 
the fiscal impact estimates produced by the nonpartisan CBO to help us make good decisions, make up our minds. But we need to also take into account the environmental consequences of our votes. 
know whether their Representatives in Washington are voting to help harm the environment, to worsen climate change, or whatever the impact may be. That is why my bill ensures that we have a fair judge, the CBO, for each bill that we consider on its environmental impact. 
But today we at least have an opportunity to require such a study as part of H.R. 702. It is not enough, but it is a step forward to fully understand the impacts of lifting the crude oil export ban and, potentially, the harm that would result to our environment. 
So I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the underlying legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
mild opposition, and I may change my mind, depending on what the gentleman says. 
with the gentleman. We want to be open and transparent. We are the open, transparent Congress. 
you voice vote it and at least consider voting for the bill. But if you are going to rollcall vote it and vote against the bill, then I will oppose it, and we will defeat you on the rollcall vote. 
So I am going to make you a deal. I 
am not saying you have to vote for the bill. I am just saying I want you to think nice thoughts about the bill and consider voting for the bill, and then we will accept it on a voice vote, but we don’t want any rollcall votes. 
from Texas is advised to direct his remarks to the Chair. 
if I have time to yield, to see what his thoughts are. 
would say to my friend, I appreciate the offer, but I don’t think there could be anything more transparent than going on record and voting on these. 
oppose the gentleman’s amendment and ask every Member to vote against the amendment. 
opposed to this. It is a study. I am confident that this bill will on a net basis 
oil that would must probably be exported is produced under the strictest environmental regulations in the world. 
to refine because it is light sweet, which means it doesn’t have a high sulfur content. When you run it through the cracking process, because it is lighter, it tends to separate into the various refined products more easily. 
So the gentleman’s amendment is benign in nature in the sense that, if we were to conduct the study, I think the results from the study would be positive. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. To my esteemed colleague and coach of the baseball team, in the spirit of thinking good thoughts, if you will think good thoughts about considering the impacts to our environment and our climate, I will accept your previous offer to voice vote this amendment, and maybe all of this great good thought stuff will get us home faster. 
commend the gentleman for his thoughtful understanding from Mr. PALLONE . And, with that, we accept the 
gentleman’s amendment. I’m going to ask everybody to vote for it on a voice vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
crude oil will have on the economy of the United States; 
crude oil will have on consumers, taking into account impacts on energy prices; 
crude oil will have on domestic manufacturing, taking into account impacts on employment; and 
crude oil will have on the refining sector, taking into account impacts on employment. 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Industry and Security shall 
House Resolution 466, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) and a 
rise today to offer an amendment that would direct the Department of Commerce, in consultation with the Department of Energy and other departments, as needed, to conduct a study. 
of exporting millions of barrels of domestically produced crude oil on Americans and our economy. 
export ban benefits very few. Let’s also be clear about who does not benefit: American consumers and the American economy. 
the aisle will make the case for lifting the ban on crude oil exports. They will cite reports by the U.S. Department of Energy, the Congressional Budget Office, the Government Accountability Office, and various other organizations to support their claims. 
Some of the benefits they will list include claims of an increase in crude oil production, additional investment in crude oil production, and an increase in employment along the energy supply chain. 
claims, that the U.S. crude oil is already at peak production. According to a report by the EIA, production reached 9.7 million barrels 1 day in April of 2015, the highest levels since 1971. 
In 2015, production is expected to average 9.2 million barrels a day. We still import 7 million barrels of oil a day. Let’s find a way to keep domestically produced crude oil within our borders, which benefits our consumers and the economy in the U.S. 
are at record low levels due to the surplus of crude oil. 
According to the U.S. Federal Highway Administration, Americans drove nearly 2 trillion miles during the first 7 months of 2015, contributing to the high gas consumption and setting a record level. 
benefits will undoubtedly raise prices. For consumers, these increases will result in higher gas prices at the pump and higher heating costs for families in the winter. 
As all of you know, the manufacturing industry is the backbone of Michigan’s economy. While the U.S. manufacturing industry has struggled in the past, it has been one of the bright spots in our economy since the recession and remains a vital part of America’s economy, as well as our Nation’s economy. Since 2010, over 700,000 manufacturing jobs that were lost during the recession have been recovered. One major reason for this resurgence of the 
manufacturing sector is low energy prices. Up to onethird of all energy used in the United States goes into the manufacturing sector. 
now would only hurt the manufacturing industry and dent its growth. Let us find a way to keep domestically produced crude oil within our own boundaries and allow the consumers and the economy to reap the benefits of lower energy prices. 
study of the impact of lifting the U.S. crude oil export ban on the consumers and our economy first, before we rush to export millions of barrels of domestically produced crude oil. 
the benefit of our economy, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
mild opposition, but I could become a supporter of the amendment under certain conditions. 
gentlewoman from Michigan is willing to accept the same deal that the gentleman from California just accepted, we will accept the amendment. We will vote for it on a voice vote, and we will move on down the road to catch my plane at 1:40 from Reagan National Airport. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. To the Chair, considering all that is happening here, I really need good thoughts, and I want to be part of the process of expanding good thoughts in Congress. 
So I will accept, sir. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
enthusiastic support of the gentlewoman’s amendment and ask that it be voted for on a voice vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
Page 3, line 17, after ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 6271 et 
seq.)’’ insert the following: ‘‘, the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), or any other provision of law that imposes sanctions on a foreign person or foreign government (including any provision of law that prohibits or restricts United States persons from engaging in a transaction with a sanctioned person or government), including a foreign government that is designated as a state sponsor of terrorism,’’. 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thank my colleague and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ) for his leadership on this important bill, and I am hoping today to join the voice vote kumbaya, if possible. 
that repeals the outdated ban on crude oil exports. This ban was originally implemented when America was going through an energy crisis. I was very young then, but certainly remember the gas lines in the early 1970s. 
today. America is one of the largest oil exporters, thanks to a boom in production all across our country. Gas prices are at historic lows, and refineries are near capacity. 
reality. Producers are still held captive to the domestic marketplace. It is long past time to modernize. 
This bill will pave the way for a new 
age of energy innovation in America. It will support and create thousands of U.S. jobs, goodpaying jobs, and encourage the investment of millions of dollars into our economy. 
would have seemed unimaginable even a generation ago, potentially even a few years ago. 
of energy. Think about that. And when we do, it will jumpstart our economy, create thousands of goodpaying jobs, and improve our national security and economic security as well. 
Now, Mr. Chair, I am offering a bipartisan amendment today that clarifies language in the bill to avoid creating any unintended consequences regarding terrorist enemies of our country. 
California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) for cosponsoring this amendment and Chairman ROYCE for working with us in crafting 
oil exports expanded, we do not want this bill to inadvertently help our enemies. My amendment very simply clarifies the bill’s language to allow the administration to retain its ability to prohibit the export of crude oil to state sponsors of terrorism. 
I believe this amendment is consistent with the underlying goals of the bill. I encourage my colleagues to support its adoption. 
Mr. MESSER. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
strongly support the gentleman from Indiana’s amendment. We commend him for offering it. We think it adds to the bill. Mr. MESSER. I thank the gentleman 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
Mr. PALLONE. I support the amendment but would note that the best way to prevent our Nation’s oil resources from falling into the hands of bad actors is to maintain the reasonable, timetested controls on exports that are currently in place. 
falling into the wrong hands, then you should vote ‘‘no’’ on final passage of H.R. 702. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
OIL, REFINED PETROLEUM PRODUCTS, AND PETROCHEMICAL PRODUCTS TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN. 
authorize the export of crude oil, refined petroleum products, and petrochemical products by or through any entity or person, wherever located, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States to any entity or person located in, subject to the jurisdiction of, or sponsored by the Islamic Republic of Iran. 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ) for his leadership 
on this important bill and reiterate my support for H.R. 702. This is commonsense legislation that repeals the outdated ban on crude oil exports. 
than ever before, and we could literally become a net exporter of energy, something that would have been unimaginable a generation ago and would have incredible results for our economy. The fact that we are the only advanced nation that prohibits the export of domestically produced oil holds us back. 
should not empower our enemies unintentionally through this legislation, and this includes the Islamic Republic of Iran. My amendment today prohibits the export of crude oil, refined petroleum products, and petrochemical products to Iran. 
need to import it from the United States. But my amendment goes beyond just crude oil. It ensures Iran will not inadvertently have access to other petroleumbased products produced in the U.S. 
products are used to manufacture thousands of goods that we use every day. Things like plastics, asphalt, paints, and cell phones are manufactured in this way. 
It was only a few weeks ago in this 
very Chamber that we discussed the dangers of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, also known as the Iran nuclear deal. Despite being able to enrich uranium and selfpolice its nuclear facilities, Iran will receive sanctions relief to the tune of $150 billion. That is $150 billion pumped into a $400billion ayear national economy. $150 billion of that will, no doubt, be used by Iran to bankroll terrorist organizations, further destabilize the Middle East, and continue their work to wipe Israel off the map. 
them. The intent of the underlying bill is not to aid and support Iran. It is to open up the U.S. energy sector, export oil, grow our economy, and create thousands of jobs. 
My amendment ensures that the intention of this bill is clear. I believe the amendment is consistent with the underlying goals of the bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support its adoption. 
Mr. MESSER. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
myself support your amendment and ask that it be accepted. 
Mr. MESSER. I thank the gentleman. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, again, 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana. However, I would point out that Iran has the fourth largest number of proven oil reserves in the world. In fact, supporters of this bill often state concern over the 
market impact of increased Iranian exports on domestic producers. 
we need to worry about our crude oil going to a country that is a major net exporter of oil, I have no objection to adopting this amendment and making really sure Iran doesn’t get any of our oil and petroleum products. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MESSER. I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . CUELLAR  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
Department of Energy shall encourage public Private partnerships between the energy sector and minority serving institutions, including Hispanic Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
House Resolution 466, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
here, of course, to talk about an amendment to H.R. 702, this important legislation before us that will lift this outdated ban on the export of oil, modernize the U.S. energy economy, and create U.S. jobs. The amendment that I bring forward is to help MinorityServing Institutions grow the leaders of the future in the oil and gas industry. 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts that Hispanics will account for 74 percent of the growth in the Nation’s labor force from 2010 to 2020. This amendment ensures that our Minority Serving Institutions, such as Hispanic Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities, can create a competitive and able workforce in our oil and gas industry. This will ensure that our Nation can continue to compete in the global market far into the future. HispanicServing Institutions are about 12 percent of the nonprofit colleges and universities, yet they enroll 59 percent of all Hispanic students. 
Mr. Chairman, is that it also calls for the Department of Energy to encourage publicprivate partnerships between the energy sector and Minority Serving Institutions. 
will be good for all workers across the Nation. I ask all Members to vote in favor of this amendment and to support the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
support the gentleman’s amendment. I want to commend him for his leadership on this issue. I hope we will accept it on a voice vote. 
I see Mr. RUSH. I am willing to yield 
to my good friend from Chicago (Mr. RUSH) if he wishes to speak on it. I was 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I respectfully decline the time the gentleman was gracious to give. I really want my own time on the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time has already been claimed. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), 
which couldn’t exceed 5 minutes because that is all I have. 
not come here to Congress to shadowbox with the majority party over jobs and economic opportunities for the intergenerationally and chronically unemployed citizens of my district and similarly situated districts across the country. 
which was not allowed by the majority party, would have provided real solutions to real problems. My amendment would have put dollars in the pocketbooks of the unemployed minorities, the unemployed women, and the unemployed veterans of this Nation. 
amendment before us is like pouring perfume on an overused pigsty. It provides DOE—and I quote from the amendment, Mr. Chairman—it provides DOE with the authority to continue its ongoing work. In other words, it tells the Department of Energy: Do what 
Mr. Chairman, unlike the amendment I offered in the Rules Committee that was drafted with input and collaboration from the various stakeholders who would benefit most had it been adopted, there is no specific initiative, no program, and no objections in the Cuellar amendment. 
would have established—not encouraged, but established—partnerships between DOE, Commerce, the Small Business Administration, Minority Business Development Agency, industry, the National Minority Supplier Diversity Council, the Women’s Business Enterprise Network Council, and minority chambers of commerce chapters across the Nation. 
The Rush amendment would have established programmatic commitments for diversity hiring for vendor and contracting opportunities within the supply chain through contractual obligations, incentives, and other means with a goal of no less than 10 percent participation by minorityowned firms by the year 2020. 
have created regional diversity supply chain specialty centers to develop strategies for minority business contracting and vendor opportunities, and to hold business development sessions in strategic locations where energy development exists or is expanding. 
helped minority and womenowned firms form consortiums and partnerships in order to better meet qualifications and capacities that industry is seeking. 
would have established a program to provide access to capital for loans, financing, and insurance assistance for minority and womenowned businesses. 
would have established—not just encouraged, but established—publicprivate partnerships between minority owned banks and private investors as well as provided grants to Minority Serving Institutions to help recruit businesses for energyrelated supply chain sector activity. 
to criticize my friend, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). I am here to 
just bring out the differences between what an imaginary amendment would do and what a real amendment would do. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the kind words of the gentleman from Illinois. 
was trying to get in. Actually, I was trying to help try to get his amendment accepted, but it is up to the Rules Committee and the democracy there. 
appropriation bill on different agencies. We all have voted for this in the appropriation bills time after time after time, and it is to help the MinorityServing Institutions. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 8 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
Not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil export ban under this Act as it relates to promoting United States energy and national security. 
House Resolution 466, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
the Rules Committee. Let me first of all say there has been a lot of discussion on the floor of the House regarding this bill and different opinions. Might I add that this is an important and vigorous discussion. I think this is the best of what this Congress is all about. 
note of H.R. 702, which many of us know came about because of the gas prices in the 1970s. This bill simply repeals that portion of the legislation that responded to that crisis. 
What I like in the bill is, of course, 
we have in the bill that we, as a Congress, will get a report some 120 days after dealing with the maintenance and the strength of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. That is a very important national security item. 
that the President has all of his powers in the light of crisis and other issues to implement any necessary changes or any necessary restrictions on this legislation. 
information. Not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this act, 
the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil import ban under this act as relates to promoting, supporting, and providing for the United States energy and national security policy. 
American people—I understand that— both environmentally, which reflects to their own energy resources, and certainly with national security. This amendment allows for that report to be on the front side of 10 years. It could be 2 years from now, 3 years from now, and the Congress can dictate that. 
2008 at about 7 million barrels a day. It is now more than 11 million barrels a day, and it is now possible to go up to 18 million barrels a day in 2040 under the strictest environmental concerns. 
now in my district—they are laying off thousands of people because there is no work. So I would argue to my colleagues that this amendment provides the insight on what is going on. 
would rise by 550 billion to 1.8 trillion between 2015 and 2039. It is estimated in my own congressional job lifting the 
ban would generate an additional 500 hundred jobs, an additional 270 million in the local economy, and increase government revenues in 227 million. 
the way, it is up to 10 years—is giving long enough time to provide a probative, intelligent assessment of whether there is irreversible damage. 
Amendment No. 9 operates as a safety valve and reassures that those who may be skeptical of lifting the export ban get reasonable opportunities to oppose it or get the right information. The same thing with those who may support it. It gives us a basis of empirical data rigorously analyzed. 
summed up as follows: For those who are confident in the future, my amendment offers vindication. For those who are skeptical of the new change, my amendment will provide the evidence they need to prove their case. 
rise in mild opposition, which could turn to support. 
to thank the gentlewoman from Houston for offering it. 
Is she willing to do this on a voice 
vote and consider voting for the bill if we accept it? 
Mr. BARTON. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
rising to support the gentlewoman’s amendment with great enthusiasm? Mr. BARTON. I will if you rise to 
voice vote on your amendment. I will make it a package deal. I will give you this amendment and the next amendment double enthusiasm if they are both voice votes and you actually really do vote for the bill or at least start thinking about it strongly. 
Mr. BARTON. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gentleman surmise that amendments that are passed by voice vote are still strong amendments? 
Mr. BARTON. Oh, they are. Ms. JACKSON LEE. And included in 
Mr. BARTON. Yes, ma’am. Ms. JACKSON LEE. As opposed to 
word. I will be on the conference committee if we have one. Your amendments will be in the conference report that goes to the President if we get that far. 
am always eager to work with my friends on this side of aisle, Mr. PALLONE . I am always eager to work when 
we are moving forward. And so I would offer my amendment and offer it for a voice vote. 
in, as I just said I would, double enthusiastic support of her amendment, but I am going to be looking on that board when it comes time to vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
let me just simply say my amendment answers many of the concerns that have been expressed on the floor of the House by giving empirical data, not 10 years and beyond, but in a period up to 10 years, to let us make further informative decisions to provide for the energy resources of the American people, the national resources, and, of course, being able to provide for the national security. 
commitment to American energy independence and economic growth and security. 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER , and the members of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil export ban under this Act as it relates to promoting United States energy and national security. 
the energy capital of the nation, I have always 
strongly advocated for national energy policies that will make our nation more energy independent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
which I am proud to represent is home to Shell Oil, ConocoPhillips, Chevron Phillips, BP Corporation of North America, Marathon Oil, Enterprise Products Partners (Oil and Gas Pipelines), and Halliburton (Oilfield Services), and many others. 
I am strongly ‘‘projobs,’’ ‘‘progrowing economy,’’ ‘‘prosustainable environment and development,’’ and for homeland and national security. 
Volatile energy prices threaten economic security for millions of middle class Americans and hits consumers hard; rising gas prices strain budgets for millions of American families. 
It is a familiar story, but in order to restore 
lasting security for middle class families we need a smart and reasonable plan for American energy, not false promises or quick fixes. 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, fair, and promote the national interest. 
policies that maintain or enhance the competitiveness of American petroleum energy business in the world oil markets. 
across the aisle to improve them by offering constructive amendments. 
H.R. 702 repeals the law prohibiting the exports of crude oil that has been on the books for more than 40 years, a response to the Arab Oil Embargo led by OPEC in 1973 that sent oil prices soaring and inflicted substantial damage on the American economy. 
But much has changed since 1973; America’s unconventional oil boom changed everything. 
about 7 million barrels per day; now it is now more than 11 million barrels per day and according to the U.S. DOE’s Energy Information Administration, U.S. output is estimated to top 18 million barrels a day by 2040. 
and imports have declined nearly 30% between 2005 and 2013. 
crude oil export ban may pose one of the biggest threats to this U.S. production boom and to the economy. 
led to a substantial decline in oil prices over the past year and the resulting decrease in revenues has forced U.S. producers in my district and elsewhere to slash investment and cancel projects. 
I have met and know many of the employers and workers affected by industry job reductions. 
would offer American crude oil producers new markets for their product and would mean fewer layoffs. 
Institution and other organizations suggest that the economic benefits to the nation of repealing the ban on crude oil exports would be substantial: 1. GDP could rise by $550 billion to $1.8 trillion between 2015 and 2039; 2. U.S. oil production could rise by 1.3 million to 2.9 million barrels per day in 2020; 3. 300,000 additional jobs created by 2020; 4. $5.8 billion in estimated reduced consumer fuel costs each year between 2015 and 2035; 5. up to $70 billion in additional investment in U.S. exploration, development, and production of crude oil between 2015 and 2020; 6. $13.5 billion in additional federal, state, and local revenue in 2020; 7. $22 billion reduction in the U.S. trade deficit in 2020; and 8. 100,000 barrels per day increase in refinery throughout between 2015 and 2035. 
district, lifting the ban would generate an additional 500 jobs and inject an additional $275 million into the local economy, resulting in an increase in government revenues in the amount of $227.7 million. 
Admittedly, these are predictions, projections, and forecasts made on the basis of the best information currently available. 
We hope they are accurate but candor requires that we acknowledge that no one can say with certainty they will come to pass. 
That is why it is essential that at an appropriate juncture we review and assess the impact on the American petroleum industry, the national economy, and consumers. 
Amendment #9, which mandates a comprehensive review of the impact of crude oil export ban repeal after a 10 year period. 
This 10 year time period is long enough to 
accumulate data sufficient and probative enough to assess the impact of H.R. 702, but not so long as to prevent irreversible damage if the evaluation does not approximate the expected benefits reveals unintended adverse consequences. 
will help ensure that the brave new world of unrestricted crude oil exports by American producers is more than a leap of faith. 
operates as a safety valve and reassures those who may be skeptical of lifting the export ban that reasonable opportunities will exist to make an informed evaluation of the effect of the ban’s repeal on our economy and national security. 
that this evaluation will be based on empirical data rigorously analyzed. 
summed up as follows: for those who are confident of the future, my amendment offers vindication. 
change will work, my amendment will provide the evidence they need to prove their case. 
the status quo is intolerable, my amendment offers a way forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–290. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report analyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil exports will help create opportunities for veterans and women in the United States, while promoting energy and national security. 
House Resolution 466, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
ask that my amendment be considered by my colleagues. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment requires within 180 days of enactment the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce submit a report to Congress analyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil, in particular, on exports, will create opportunities for veterans and women. 
went to an initiative called Stand Down. I have gone a number of years. Most military persons will understand it is where you come and stand down from battle. 
many of them homeless, many of them in great need. Obviously, social services, substance abuse services, and others were offered there. What I heard from these men who wore the uniform in dignity is they want jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, I believe that this legislation will provide a strong projobs agenda growing the economy. As my previous amendment said, I do not take lightly the impact of lifting the ban; therefore, my previous amendment would provide the insight on whether or not this is a positive impact. 
I can tell you that there is a great 
need, as has been discussed earlier, about collaborating with historically Black colleges and Hispanicserving colleges. 
have certainly seen the leadership of Mr. RUSHand Mr. C UELLAR . But I will 
tell you that it is indicated that State shale development supports American jobs. 
salary that is provided by the energy company in energy jobs, 1.7 million employment attributed to upstream, unconventional oil and natural gas. Women fill 40 percent of the vacancies in oil and gas. 
THEENERGY REVOLUTION IS CREATING CAREER OPPORTUNITIES FOR WOMEN AND MINORITIES  
Minorities are projected to fill an unprecedented number of jobs in the oil, natural gas and petrochemical industries—increasing from onequarter of total jobs in 2010 to one third by 2030—according to a new IHS report sponsored by API. 
wages significantly higher than the national average and can provide tremendous career opportunities for women and minorities,’’ said Jack Gerard, API President and CEO. ‘‘To lower unemployment and shrink the income inequality gap without spending a dime of taxpayer money, we encourage President Obama to embrace this prodevelopment energy opportunity.’’ 
in the oil, natural gas and petrochemical industries predicted by 2030, almost 408,000 positions—32 percent of the total—are projected to be held by African American and Hispanic workers, according to the report. Women are estimated to fill 185,000 of those jobs, and 63 percent of new job opportunities will be in blue collar professions. 
technology to be a global energy superpower with all the economic and national security benefits that entails,’’ Gerard said. ‘‘Smart energy policy will create tremendous opportunity for hundreds of thousands of workers—from those with just a high school diploma and some postsecondary training to those with postgraduate degrees.’’ 
it signals the tremendous need to prepare African Americans, Hispanics and Women to be ready to fill the workforce gap’’, said Paula Jackson, president and CEO of the American Association of Blacks in Energy. ‘‘These jobs in the oil and natural gas industry don’t just put people to work, they help to transform communities.’’ 
road map for workforce development stakeholders to align the content of their training with a sense of urgency to adequately prepare people for energy jobs,’’ said Jose ´L. 
Pe´rez, chairman and CEO Of Hispanics In Energy. ‘‘Energy job replacement and growth is a clear pathway for diverse communities to rise from poverty to middleclass, what a rare opportunity.’’ 
and the administration are working to pair up and find jobs for veterans. The unemployment rate for veterans we have seen has been a constant issue, and it is going down. But we need to provide them with other opportunities. They were higher unemployment, as we can see, than the regular workforce. 
that, if we lift this ban, women and veterans will benefit. We know, of course, that we have been pushing our educational facilities to engage in STEM, but what we need now is a pipeline for qualified veterans and women looking for jobs right now. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask my colleagues to support this Jackson Lee amendment. It causes us to focus on these vulnerable populations—women and veterans—to direct them into the industry. 
energy companies that I represent, a long list of names that I will not name at this time, that we hope that they 
are focused as well on expanding opportunities in the energy industry for veterans, returning soldiers, if you will, women, and, of course, acrossthe board minorities. This is an industry that is moving and growing, and the opportunities should move and grow as well. 
opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I only 
would like to say we support the amendment and we will honor the deal we just made on the prior amendment. I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote on a voice vote on the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
thank the gentleman. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I hope that our colleagues have heard us to emphasize the creation of jobs along with the environment, national security, and the energy resources of America. 
Mr. Chair, again, let me express my appreciation to Chairman Emeritus BARTON and 
and commitment to American energy independence, economic growth, national security, and expanding opportunities and diversifying the energy sector workforce. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report analyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil exports will help create opportunities for veterans and women in the United States, while promoting energy and national security. 
I also wish to thank Chairman S ESSIONS , 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER , and the members of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment Number 10. 
the energy capital of the nation, I have always been mindful of the importance and have strongly advocated for national energy policies that will make our nation more energy independent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
I strongly am ‘‘projobs,’’ ‘‘progrowing economy,’’ and ‘‘proexpanding economic opportunities for women, veterans, minorities, and small business!’’ 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, promote the national interest, and expand economic opportunities for everyone, particularly for women, veterans, and members of underrepresented communities. My constituents have a strong interest in 
policies that maintain or enhance the competitiveness of American petroleum energy business in the world oil markets. 
across the aisle to improve them by offering constructive amendments. 
Amendment Number 10, which recognizes the fact that veterans, minorities, small businesses and women currently are significantly underrepresented in the oil and gas industries at all levels and severely underrepresented in the senior managerial, professional, board and ownership ranks. 
the Secretaries of Commerce and Energy to submit a report to Congress within 180 days assessing the beneficial impact, if any, that lifting the crude oil export ban holds for veterans and women. 
This report should shed light on any additional measures that should be taken to increase the participation of women and veterans in the petroleum industry as workers, executives, and entrepreneurs. 
employed in the oil and gas industry in 2010, only 17% of which are women. 
the great American success stories over the last decade, and remains a bright spot in our economy as it continues to fuel job creation. 
opportunities and benefits are shared equitably, it is critical that we have a diverse energy workforce equipped with the skills, knowledge, and experiences needed to compete and win in the global economy. 
And there is no better place to look than 
are increasing their presence in the STEM fields vital to success in the petroleum energy sector. 
and leadership skills in defense of our country but also are among the most resourceful and resilient members of our society, possessing the missioncritical ethic necessary for success in the workplace. 
looking for employment could play a key role as the energy industry seeks qualified, motivated, and skilled workers and entrepreneurs. 
utilizing the talents of women and veterans if our nation is to meet the challenges and take advantage of the opportunities offered by a dynamic global energy market. 
us meet this challenge by providing critical information regarding the impact of lifting the crude oil export ban will have on creating opportunities for veterans and women. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
printed in part B of House Report 114– 290 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . AMASH  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. AMASH ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 109, noes 306, not voting 19, as follows: 
Amash Amodei Barr Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blumenauer Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fortenberry Foxx Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Grothman Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Massie McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Polis Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Royce Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Williams Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Babin Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
Messrs. NADLER and GOODLATTE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
GOWDY, and DUNCAN of South Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 545, 
the Amash Amendment to H.R. 702, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 545, 
I was unavoidably delayed and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, on rollcall vote 545, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Thursday was a tragic day for the American maritime community and America. El Faro , an American flagship 
en route to Puerto Rico, was lost in Hurricane Joaquin and, with it, its 33 crew, including 28 Americans. 
was in trouble, the Coast Guard, DOD, and other government and private sector partners mobilized assets with search crews battling treacherous weather conditions in an attempt to find survivors; and we appreciate their efforts. 
prayers are with the crewmembers’ families and loved ones. I ask that the House observe a moment of silence to honor the brave men and women who served on the El Faro. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, 2 minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 414, noes 1, not voting 19, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis 
DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen 
Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I was not 
present for rollcall vote No. 546 on the Messer of Indiana Part B Amendment No. 5 on H.R. 702. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 419, noes 0, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 547] 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis 
DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke 
Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 702) to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, and, pursuant to House Resolution 466, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
H.R. 702 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Page 3, line 17, insert ‘‘Nothing in this Act 
prevents the President or any other Federal official from enforcing Federal laws or regulations necessary to protect human health, the environment, or public safety, including the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), the Hazardous Liquid Pipeline Act of 1979 (Pub. L. 96–129), the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107–355), the Pipeline Inspection, Protection, Enforcement, and Safety Act of 2006 (Pub. L. 109– 468), or the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (Pub. L. 112–90).’’ after ‘‘prohibit exports.’’. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the right to make a point of order against the bill that it is not germane. 
The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. Mr. HUFFMAN (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that we suspend the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
order that the motion to recommit is not germane and it, in fact, is not germane, there is no vote. Is that correct? 
Chair will not respond to a hypothetical. A point of order has been reserved. 
point of order that the motion to recommit is not germane. Oh, it is germane. I withdraw the point of order. 
point of order and the reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, let me 
begin with the usual stipulations. This is the final amendment to the bill. It won’t kill the bill or send it back to 
committee. When this is adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended, so there is no procedural reason to oppose this motion to recommit. 
we have heard a lot of debate this morning about the need to give Big Oil—the most profitable industry in the history of the world—yet another advantage. For years, Americans have been told that we have to ‘‘drill, baby, drill.’’ The theory that we always hear is that we need to extract every barrel of oil from every acre of American soil to keep gas prices low and to provide ‘‘energy security.’’ 
started to drop, the curtain was raised, and the truth was revealed. The real reason for ‘‘drill, baby, drill,’’ surprise, surprise, was to give Big Oil the chance to maximize their profits on the world market. 
able to game the Tax Code for a century with billions of dollars of tax breaks not available to other taxpayers or businesses. It is not enough that they continue to enjoy access to our public lands and waters for oil drilling, even though they are no longer paying into the Land and Water Conservation Fund, the longstanding law that expired at the beginning of this month. 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund was an agreement, a compact between the American people and Big Oil. It said that when we let oil and gas companies drill and profit from drilling in Federal waters, they have to dedicate a fraction of the profits, just a fraction, to protect our great outdoors for future generations. The deal is that they have to dedicate a fraction of those profits to protecting our great outdoors for future generations so that our grandchildren will be able to hike and hunt and fish in our parks and wildlife refuges. 
Fund was shamefully allowed to lapse at the beginning of this month, and the majority hasn’t scheduled a single vote—or even a hearing—to get it back on the books. No, all of these concessions to the oil and gas industry are not enough for this House. 
is saying that American oil and gas companies can drill more, export more, and realize even greater profits, no matter the environmental consequences, no matter the consequences to health and safety. As presently written, the underlying bill, H.R. 702, would permanently ensure that no export restrictions for any reason could be implemented or enforced in the future. That is what this bill says. That is breathtaking in its devotion to the oil and gas industry’s agenda. 
Government agencies charged with protecting human health, the environment, and public safety can continue to do their job that constituents rely on them to do. Specifically, with this amendment, we will ensure that bedrock health and safety laws, like the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Hazardous Liquid Pipeline Safety Act, that laws like that will not be cast aside in favor of Big Oil’s desire to sell more crude overseas. 
Now, if you think about it, this is a 
question: Should crude oil exports trump the Safe Drinking Water Act? 
safe drinking water. We need to ensure pipeline safety. So, my colleagues, I urge you to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this MTR to improve this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
thank the minority for giving us a one page motion to recommit that I can actually read and understand. I have read it. I don’t like it. It is not necessary. It is redundant. I oppose it. Please vote against it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 242, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 261, noes 159, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
unanimous consent that the Committee on the Budget may, at any time before 6 p.m. on Friday, October 16, 2015, file a privileged report to accompany a message to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to honor the men and women of Little Rock Air Force Base and the surrounding communities for their 60 years of dedicated service and sacrifice to the defense of our Nation. 
important missions, including reconnaissance and bombing missions, and it is now known as the C–130 capital of the world. 
the most technologically advanced and wellrun military installations in the entire country. It is the tactical airlift ‘‘Center of Excellence.’’ The base builds the foundation of America’s combat airlift capability and trains the world’s best airlifters to ‘‘fly, fight, and win.’’ 
From providing lifesaving humanitarian aid to the Yazidis in Sinjar to delivering our men and women and their supplies, Little Rock Air Force Base defends freedom. 
with great sadness that I am here today to honor the memory of the crew of El Faro, lost in a hurricane in the 
of Maine, were aboard the El Faro : Michael Holland, of North Wilton; Dylan Meklin, of Rockland; Danielle Randolph, of Rockland; and the captain, a man of great experience, Mike Davidson, of Windham. 
In Maine, we have a strong connection to those who make their living on the water, and we know the risks they take every time they go to sea, but in no way does that make a tragedy any less painful. 
the families of the crew are going through and have been going through, but they are in my thoughts and the thoughts of everyone in our State. 
Guard, the Navy, and the Air Force for their roundtheclock efforts during what were very dangerous conditions. And although I wish the results had been very, very different, we owe those men, as well, men and women, a debt of gratitude for risking their lives to try to find the crew of El Faro. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to recognize Ron Gifford for his dedication to creating and nurturing a trained workforce for the growing industrial base of Starke County. 
County Initiative for Lifelong Learning, known as SCILL, a 2year school for juniors and seniors. SCILL also trains industrial employees, offers several continuing ed courses, computer classes, and an automotive tech program. 
work cannot be understated. A highly trained workforce is the backbone of a strong, diverse economy. Many of the skills needed to compete in the global market of the 21st century are technically demanding. 
workers is increasing at a pace far greater than existing communities can produce. Thanks to Ron’s dedication, SCILL has focused on developing and training more workers to meet this demand, building a strong workforce to ensure the growth of our economy. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Ron Gifford for elevating the contributions skilled workers make to ensure that our economy is stronger than ever. 
weeks before I was sworn into office, a deranged gunman entered Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut and murdered 20 young children and 6 school employees. 
What was the response of this Congress to make sure that never happened again? Nothing. Despite an overwhelming amount of support across the country for universal background checks, and bipartisan legislation to implement them, this Congress did 
moms, dads, college students, seniors have all been calling on us to take action that will keep our children and our community safe. They are angry at our inability to act, and I share their anger. 
ThompsonKing bill on background checks, and we should do it today. That would be a good start to addressing this devastating problem. It is time to do something. 
is home to the greatest mariners in the world, and Maine Maritime Academy in midcoast Castine is one of the finest schools in the world to train our ship captains, engineers, and navigators. 
succumbed to Hurricane Joaquin en route from Florida to Puerto Rico. During this horrible tragedy, 33 individuals likely perished, including five graduates of Maine Maritime Academy. 
Second Mate Danielle Randolph was 34, Michael Holland was 25, Mitchell Kuflik was 26, and Dylan Meklin was 23. 
some had kids. One was engaged, and one was on his maiden voyage. All of these individuals were children of moms and dads. 
country is so proud of our brave mariners and grateful for them helping us live better lives. I know I speak, Mr. Speaker, for the entire Congress in extending our thoughts and prayers for their families. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate La Familia Counseling Service on its 40th anniversary. 
in my district, and also out of Oakland, California, as well as Livermore. It is an inclusive Latino communitybased, multicultural organization committed to strengthening the emotional values of individuals and the preservation of families. 
Their services help build strong families and communities, fight cycles of poverty, and bridge education and health disparities. For example, they offer important healthcare services, job training, education, and leadership development opportunities for disenfranchised youth living in our neighborhoods. 
with them when I was a prosecutor in Alameda, and our office works with them today. 
Appropriately named, the board, volunteers, and staff at La Familia truly view the people they serve as family, and every day they make a difference in someone’s life. 
members Gabriel Arteaga, Rene Macias, Dr. Claudia Aguilar, Mary Mele, Eleanor Dwyer, and Yvette Flores are working very hard. I congratulate them on their 40 years and what is to come to help the families in the East Bay. 
(Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to honor the 33 sailors of the El Faro 
cargo ship which disappeared Thursday, October 1, during Hurricane Joaquin. The El Faro , an Americanflagged 
ship, had just left Jacksonville, Florida, for San Juan, Puerto Rico. 
sunk after its engines failed in the face of 130 mileanhour winds. This week, rescuers found two large debris fields, and officials called this the worst American maritime disaster in over 30 years as, tragically, the entire crew is presumed lost. 
from our State in Florida. But regardless of where they came from, our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of the crew on the El 
women serving in our Coast Guard attempting the rescue. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
and Members of the House, my heart and prayers go out to the family and loved ones of the 33 members onboard the cargo ship El Faro —El Faro means 
bright star, shining star—which disappeared Thursday evening during the hurricane en route to Puerto Rico. 
and with several ministers all day Monday, and we are keeping the families in our prayers. 
for everything they do for our Nation in the area of maritime security and environmental protection, and I have worked closely with the agency for many years. I want to commend the Merchant Marines who played a key 
role in our Nation’s economy and several of the vital missions during peace and wartimes. 
I am going to submit the names of all 
of the crew members; 17 of them were from Jacksonville, Florida. 
Louis Champa Jr. (Daytona Beach, Florida); Roosevelt Clark (Jacksonville, Florida); Sylvester Crawford Jr. (Lawrenceville, Georgia); Michael Davidson (Windham, Maine); Brookie Davis (Jacksonville, Florida); Keith Griffin (Fort Myers, Florida); Frank Hamm (Jacksonville, Florida); Joe Hargrove (Orange Park, Florida); Carey Hatch (Jacksonville, Florida); Michael Holland (North Wilton, Maine); Jack Jackson (Jacksonville, Florida); Jackie Jones Jr. (Jacksonville, Florida); Lonnie Jordan (Jacksonville, Florida); Piotr Krause (Poland); Mitchell Kuflik (Brooklyn, New York); Roan Lightfoot (Jacksonville Beach, Florida); Jeffrey Mathias (Kingston, Massachusetts); Dylan Meklin (Rockland, Maine); Marcin Nita (Poland); Jan Podgorski (Poland). 
Richard Pusatere (Virginia Beach, Virginia); Theodore Quammie (Jacksonville, Florida); Danielle Randolph (Rockland, Maine); Jeremie Riehm (Camden, Delaware); Lashawn Rivera (Jacksonville, Florida); Howard Schoenly (Cape Coral, Florida); Steven Shultz (Roan Mountain, Tennessee); German SolarCortes (Orlando, Florida); Anthony Thomas (Jacksonville, Florida); Andrzej Truszkowski (Poland); Mariette Wright (St. Augustine, Florida); Rafal Zdobych (Poland). 
leaving church Sunday, in closing, one young person, Jackie Jones, had a daycare, and the kid came up to me and asked, Congresswoman, where is Papa? 
I can tell you, I am going to do all I 
can to make sure that this tragedy doesn’t happen again. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, in celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month, I rise to pay tribute to an important Hispanic leader and public servant from my district, the late Governor Raul Castro. 
Born in Cananea, Mexico, and growing up outside of Douglas, Arizona, Governor Castro overcame many obstacles in his early life and attended the Arizona State Teachers College. 
He earned a law degree from the University of Arizona, later serving as Pima County attorney, a superior court judge, and the first Mexican American to serve as the Governor of the State of Arizona. He has also served as U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador, Bolivia, and Argentina. 
around Arizona for a ceremony renaming the Douglas port of entry after Governor Castro. I can think of no more fitting tribute for a man who served as a role model and bridge to a generation of young Hispanics looking to enter public life. We are a stronger and more diverse 
Nation thanks to the influence and hard work of Hispanic Americans like Governor Castro, and I am proud to join in recognizing their invaluable contributions this month. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today we were talking about jobs and H.R. 702, and I supported the legislation to create jobs for my district and for America, and to provide opportunities to ensure the national security and protect the environment. 
that helped build this country. Today I joined in legislation, Seniors Deserve a Raise, to be able to connect these seniors to a costofliving increase related to the Consumer Price Index. 
coming up, and that is the doubling of the cost of Medicare part B. For 30 percent of beneficiaries in 2016, their cost is projected to increase by 52 percent, from $154 to $159. This increase will be accompanied by an increase in the part B deductible, from $147 to $223. Congress must act to protect the approximately 6 million Medicare beneficiaries who will see a significant increase in their Medicare premiums and deductible. 
my State of Texas would have a $159 million increase. It is my intention to introduce legislation, a sense of Congress, that indicates that Congress must act to protect our seniors. They helped build this Nation. What are we doing to help them? 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2015, TO TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 2015 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, October 13, 2015, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning hour debate not apply on that day. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for 60 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the recognition. I appreciate you staying on the floor with me today. 
It has been a week of insidethebeltway activity. I can’t find a single Member of Congress on this floor—and I 
have been talking to a lot of them— who ran for Congress because they thought the most important job we were going to have was picking our House leadership. 
is an important job, Mr. Speaker. I can’t tell you how difficult it is to lead 435 leaders. It is not a shortage of leaders we have here. Sometimes it is a shortage of good followers we have here. 
You ran for Congress because we had serious business that the American people asked us to be about, and most of that business is not inside leadership conversations. It is about the American economy. It is about feeding one’s family. It is about having a predictable future for one’s children. It is about opportunity. 
three of the challenges that are out in front of us. The reason good leadership in this institution is important is because we have serious challenges. 
amazing things in divided government. We don’t have to sit back and wait until we control all branches of government as Republicans. The Democrats don’t have to sit back and wait until they control everything, Mr. Speaker. We can do amazing things together, and that is exactly what he did. 
I have up here the looming insolvencies for our major social safety net programs, Mr. Speaker. Social Security Disability Insurance reaches insolvency next year, next year. It is not 20 years from now, not 10 years from now. It is next year. 
counting on Social Security Disability Insurance to provide for you and your family because you have paid into it faithfully your entire career—forbid the thought something has happened to you, now you must rely on it—we have a cash flow situation next year leading to insolvency. That is the smallest of our concerns, Mr. Speaker. 
know, Mr. Speaker, are funded by payroll taxes. Payroll taxes are that FICA line on our pay stubs. It is the largest tax, at 15.3 percent of every worker’s paycheck in this country. It is the largest tax that most American families pay. 
we are talking about earning the American people’s trust. Here we are talking about delivering for the American people on their priorities. The largest tax that most Americans pay goes to fund two programs that we 
today, aren’t going to survive in their current configuration. The cash flow just won’t allow it. 
preach doom and gloom. I am here to preach opportunity. I am preaching opportunity because I work with 434 other people here who also believe that, if we work together, we can do amazing things for the American people. 
You can’t see it from your perch. But it is the projected economic growth rates in this country. Again, I am trying to distinguish what is happening in terms of a leadership discussion here from what is happening in a broader leadership discussion about America. 
after year after year for the past—I have 3 years represented here on the screen, Mr. Speaker, but it goes back 5 years. Every year the Congressional Budget Office—that group of economists that help us to craft the numbers in a bipartisan way—every year the Congressional Budget Office reports that their anticipated economic growth for America is lower in this year than it was the year before. And it was lower last year than the year before that. And it was lower that year than the year before that. 
Speaker, it is not an academic conversation. When we succeed in the wrong way, it is not an oops moment. It has a real impact on economic growth in this country. 
Speaker, but what they represent are jobs for families. What they represent are manufacturers who decided to stay in America or leave America. What they represent are entrepreneurs who either succeeded in their business or who were crushed by regulatory burdens. These decisions we make have consequences, Mr. Speaker. 
You can’t tell, but what you would see if you could see it, Mr. Speaker, is that we are borrowing money today at the lowest interest rate in American history. It is virtually free. It is virtually free today because we have the best of all the worst economies on the planet. 
debt. Right now there are stories in The Wall Street Journal about the Germans dumping our debt, about the Chinese dumping our debt. But because markets are frightened around the globe, there is more demand than there are folks selling. 
Speaker, because I am talking about solving big problems today. We are going to talk about big problems. We are going to talk about solutions that we have come to here in this body. But too often, when we talk about balancing the budget, it sounds like it is a numbers game. 
the budget is the numbers game 320 million because that is how many 
Americans live in this country and are counting on us to succeed for them. 
ecochamber, Mr. Speaker, that tells the story of the folks on the left who say, ‘‘I want every program in America to succeed, and, in fact, I want to spend even more on it’’ or the folks on the right who say, ‘‘I will never ever raise your taxes. You don’t have to pay for those programs that you want.’’ Because both sides are wrong. 
chart of the interest that we are paying on our national debt today. Now, we will talk about the interest we are going to be paying 10 years from now if we don’t solve the problem. But this red line represents the interest we are paying on our national debt today: $229 billion this year. 
Balancing the budget is not an academic conversation. Balancing the budget is the difference between spending $229 billion on interest on the debt versus other American priorities. 
education is represented by this blue line. I want you to see that. The Federal Government spends more money in interest on our national debt. Even though we borrowed that money at the lowest interest rates in American history, teaser rates, we spend more in interest on our national debt than we spend on education for our children. 
We are trying to pass a transportation bill right now, Mr. Speaker. We are trying to put people back to work in America building roads so that we will have the best infrastructure in the world, so that we will move goods and services to market better than any other nation in the world, so that we can have our people moving from place to place, creating jobs and economic 
on interest payments this year we will spend on transportation, Mr. Speaker. We spend the same amount on interest payments in 2015 that we will spend on education and transportation combined. 
Speaker. We could double the spending on education in this country, as my friends on the left propose to do. We could double spending on transportation in this country, as my friends on the left propose to do, if we would balance the budget and get out of the interest payment business, as my friends on the right propose to do. 
shared focus. This is not something that divides us. This is something that unites us. 
$41 billion is being spent by the Federal Government this year. We spend five times more than that on interest payments. 
Speaker: Who is going to have that next manned mission to space? Who is 
going to be the first to have a human being on Mars? What are we going to learn out beyond the stars? We spend onetenth the amount of our interest payments on that priority. 
we heard the refrain ‘‘an allofthe above energy policy. Let’s find next generation energy solutions. Let’s focus on wind and solar and fuel cells’’? I don’t dispute any of that. I dispute the commitment that we have to it when we spend 23 times more on interest payments than we spend on all energy policy combined. 
the budget, Mr. Speaker, when I am talking about making tough choices, I am not talking about an academic conversation about making the numbers balance. I am talking about a reordering of American priorities, where we would rather spend money on our children, on our roads, on our environment, on exploration, on nextgeneration energy, than we would paying back debts of the past. 
debts. But we can control whether or not we are paying those debts down or whether we are running those debts up. Interest that we pay on our national debt isn’t a number on a ledger. It is a category that pushes out so many other American priorities. 
current law, we will be spending more on our national debt than we spend on national security. I don’t mean paying back our debt, Mr. Speaker. I mean we will be spending more in interest payments on our national debt than we will be spending protecting the national security of the United States of America. 
the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mullen, said the largest threat to America’s national security is rising debt, because our debt and the accompanying interest payments are squeezing out so many other American priorities. 
how the American budget works. I put a pie chart up here that captures that. We are going to get into some pretty serious debates here on the floor of this House in the next couple of months, primarily about something that we call discretionary spending. 
Discretionary spending I have represented up here, Mr. Speaker, by blue pie slices on the pie chart. Defense and nondefense spending are the two big categories, which means defense and almost everything else you think of as the Federal Government. Those are the decisions—these in blue, Mr. Speaker— that you and I have to make every year. That distinguishes it from these decisions in red. 
spending, Medicaid spending, interest on the national debt, other mandatory 
Speaker, as you know, we won’t revisit those this year. 
every dollar appropriated from the Treasury be appropriated from the House. But the House, in 1935, decided that some of these dollars needed to go out the door, and they are still going out the door today. We can’t change it without passing a new bill in the House, a new bill in the Senate, and a new bill that the President signs. 
We spend all of our time in this body, 
Mr. Speaker, arguing about nibbling around the edges on the blue categories of the chart, which is the small third of the pie. The real challenge in balancing the budget lies in these red slices of the pie, and I am going to tell you why. 
What I have charted here is a look at 
revenues in this country as a percent of GDP. So often we measure our success against the size of the economy. What are we spending relative to the size of the economy? Because if our population grows, if the economy grows, of course our tax base will grow. And so, too, in many cases will our expenses grow. So we chart these things against the size of the economy. 
revenues going back to 1965: all of the taxes through the Nixon administration, into the Ford administration, Carter administration, Reagan administration, all the way through to today. In fact, we chart it out into 2045. When you see this line go flat on revenues, Mr. Speaker, it is because we are just predicting they are level as a percent of the economy. 
spending priorities that were in the red slice of the pie shown earlier, the mandatory spending slices of the pie. 
and other Federal healthcare expenditures, like the President’s Affordable Care Act. 
created in 1965. It used to be nonexistent. Now it is a very large slice of the pie. Again, it represents some of the largest taxes that the American people pay. 
This light section here represents Social Security, Mr. Speaker, and this blue line represents net interest. 
on the end of this chart, what you would see is Medicaid spending is growing quickly, but on a predictable line. Medicare spending is growing quickly, but on a predictable line. Social Security spending is almost flat, Mr. Speaker, even though it is a big part of the pie. 
What is growing is interest payments. And when the blue line crosses the red line, that is where these four programs—interest on the national debt, Social Security payments, Medicare payments, and Medicaid payments—where those programs alone consume every single penny in any tax paid by any American. This is out about 10 years from now, Mr. Speaker. About 10 years from now every single 
penny that every single American pays in taxes will be consumed by these four programs. These programs will be insolvent because there is no more money. 
squeezed out of the budget. And ‘‘by every other priority,’’ Mr. Speaker, I mean we are cutting transportation to zero, we are putting education to zero, we are cutting national parks to zero, we are cutting national security to zero. 
about balancing the budget. It is a national security conversation because we need to fund that priority. It is an education conversation because we need to fund that priority. It is an environment and parks conversation because we need to fund that priority. These mandatory spending programs threaten to consume every single penny of Federal revenue. 
there is any confusion, some folks say: Well, ROB, why don’t you just raise 
more revenue? Let’s just raise taxes on the American people, then we will have enough money to make that happen. 
in this chart is, no, that won’t solve the problem. This green line, I go from 2006 out to 2044 here, Mr. Speaker, and this green line represents historical revenue. When we hit this big economic downturn over the past 5 years, Mr. Speaker, revenues collapsed. It turns out if the American people can’t find a job, the American people can’t pay any taxes. That is pretty common sense. 
I say to my friends on the left, Mr. 
Speaker, if you want more taxes in the tax base, create more jobs. If folks have jobs, they can pay. When we ran out of jobs, we ran out of money, yet we spent even more because American families were hurting in that period of time. 
Speaker, and what you see is, under current law—this red line represents current law—if we add no new programs, if we don’t spend any additional dollars, we just follow the current law, make no new promises to the American people, the spending required by current law more than doubles current revenues. 
somebody’s taxes a percent or two. We are talking about doubling everyone’s taxes all across this country in every category. And when we do that, Mr. Speaker, that will solve the problem until about 2030, and then that won’t be enough to fund it either. 
Taxes are not the problem. Our problem is that we are not raising enough money. Our problem is that current law is spending too much money, and we have got to come together to fix it. 
Well, now I get to the good news part 
of the presentation, Mr. Speaker. I am talking about bad news and the debt is squeezing out every other funding priority in America. I am talking about bad news that the major social programs of this Nation are fiscally insolvent. I am talking about bad news because there is just no way to tax the American people at a high enough rate to fund those priorities. The good news is we have come together in this body to work on the spending side together. 
Look at this, Mr. Speaker. It is unbelievable. Folks sometimes ask me back home, Mr. Speaker, they say: ROB, why 
do you take so many charts down to the House floor? Why are you down there talking about this? Do you know what my answer is? Because no one believes me. No one believes me. 
challenge you to do this. Go home and tell your constituents that when the big class of 2010 got here, when Republicans took over the House in 2011 and so we had divided government—again, as JOHNBOEHNER always says, you can 
do big things in divided government. When Republicans took over the House, President Obama was leading the White House, we were spending $3.6 trillion as a nation—3.6 trillion. 
Now, the baby boomers began to retire in this window, so 10,000, Mr. Speaker, 10,000 men and women every day who had been paying Medicare and Social Security taxes their entire lives began applying for the benefits that they had earned through that lifetime of work. So we have Social Security and Medicare spending, two of the biggest categories of Federal spending, growing exponentially because of all these new applicants to the program, all these folks coming to cash in on their benefits. 
And what happened in divided government? We came together in this body in what is the best vote I have taken in 4
and we passed the Budget Control Act. I didn’t get everything I wanted. My Republican colleagues didn’t get everything they wanted; my Democratic friends didn’t get everything they wanted; and the President didn’t get everything he wanted; but we made a step forward for America, and we cut total Federal spending. 
Speaker. We began to look and see what was essential Federal spending and what was just kind of nice to do? What did we have to do to meet the promises we made to America, and where were those dollars that we weren’t getting as much utility out of? So total Federal spending—not funny, Washington, D.C., math with inflation adjusted dollars—total dollar bills going out the door from the Federal Government dropped from 2011 to 2012. 
I had never seen it before in my lifetime, Mr. Speaker, never seen it before in my lifetime. But we weren’t done, because when you put 435 minds together in here, you really can do some neat things, Mr. Speaker. In divided government where we all have skin in the game, where we are all trying to 
amazing things. So from 2012 to 2013, still with 10,000 men and women a day applying for new Social Security and Medicare benefits that they had earned, we cut total Federal spending again—again, not funny Washington, D.C., math, but reprioritizing what those goals were the American people sent us here to achieve and trying to achieve those goals, not because it is a mathematical exercise, but because if we don’t, interest on our national debt is going to squeeze out all of the other priorities that we share as a nation. 
the population was growing, while the economy was struggling, and while seniors were retiring at a record pace, we came together and reprioritized Federal spending to unburden the next generation. Mr. Speaker, we couldn’t do that alone as Republicans, and we couldn’t have done that alone as Democrats. We could only do that working together, and we did, 2 years in a row, first time, Mr. Speaker, in anybody’s lifetime on this floor. 
Speaker, because we spend so much time beating up on each other as if we are failures. I tell folks back home that Congress has about a 12 percent approval rating, and we seem to use that entire 12 percent approval rating to tell everybody how awful we are: Oh, it is just terrible; folks can’t get along; they all hate each other; everybody is on the take; and Washington is a giant cesspool. Please send me back for 2 more years. 
people on the floor of the House, Mr. Speaker, who leave their families and who leave their communities to come here on a mission that their constituents sent them to do, and in every category—I have charted three things here, Mr. Speaker. I have charted what we call discretionary spending, that is what most people think of as government: parks, courts, environment, transportation, and national security. All of those things that you think of as government, if you are on the green line in discretionary spending. 
This red line is the mandatory spending. That is the interest on the national debt: Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Those mandatory programs, dollars go out the door every year. 
across the whole government, Mr. Speaker. What I have shown here—and again, these are not inflationadjusted dollars; these are actual dollar bills going out the door—this dotted line in each category represents where the spending was going, where the Congressional Budget Office—again, it is a nonpartisan group of economists here— predicted the Federal Government was going to go when JOHN BOEHNER took 
over as Speaker in 2011, before we had divided government, before we were able to come together and do big 
The solid line represents what is actually happening with Federal spending, what is actually happening. What you see, Mr. Speaker, is that even on the mandatory spending programs, we are getting reductions over what was anticipated. Certainly on the discretionary spending programs we are getting reductions over what was anticipated. In total Federal spending, we are getting reductions. Folks think nothing is happening here. They say: ROB, for Pete’s sake, you have to go 
and you have to balance the budget. You have to make these things happen. 
me on everything. Put me and two or three other Members together, Mr. Speaker, give us all the powers of government, and we could probably solve this in a week or two. But there are 435 of us, and that is not all of us. That is just here. We have another 100 folks across the way in the Senate. 
the Senate, Mr. Speaker? They say the difference between a Senator and God is that God knows He is not a Senator. You have heard that one, haven’t you? 
The power that is on the other side of 
the Hill has to be reckoned with, too, not to mention folks down at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. But we all got together, 100 of them, 435 of us, and 1 President at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, and we bent the lines on spending. 
Speaker? It is. What you see here is that we have curtailed it inside our current window. It is the outyears where the rise really begins. 
Why is it rising? Look here. Discretionary spending, these are all of those priorities we talked about earlier, that is going down in kind of a flat line going out over the 10year horizon. It is mandatory spending that is still going up. Even with the changes we have made, it is still going up. 
When we talk about what the problem is with spending in this country and we talk about what the challenge is with balancing the budget, it is not that we are spending a little money here or a little money there on education or transportation or the courts or the parks or even national defense. The problem is that you have promised me—I am in my forties, Mr. Speaker. You have promised me Social Security and Medicare benefits that you can’t possibly live up to. There is no cash flow model that leaves enough money in the trust funds for me to access it when I retire, and you need to be honest with me and tell me that today while I have another 30 years to prepare for it. 
Mr. Speaker. More young people in America, more millennials believe that they would see a UFO in their lifetime than see a Social Security check in their lifetime. 
Now, I have just told you this is the 
largest tax that most Americans pay, and we have so broken the trust with 
the American people as a spending body here in government that young people who are paying that giant FICA tax, the largest FICA tax in American history, they don’t believe they will ever see a penny from it. 
We have made these changes together, Mr. Speaker. We can do better. We can make more. But the arguments that the American people are going to hear—and this is critically important. 
The arguments that the American people are going to hear over the next 4 months are going to be about $1 billion here and $1 billion there when we have a $100 trillion problem. 
to hear over the next 4 months, Mr. Speaker, are all going to be focused on this sliver down here in the green area. This body is going to become consumed with nibbling around the edges on discretionary spending on which we have already succeeded. We have already begun the process of redefining those priorities. Where we haven’t done enough is on mandatory spending. 
I have got to find a way, Mr. Speaker, we have got to find a way to come together to do the heavy lifting that is mandatory spending. No one is going to go to any senior in America and tell them that we are going to pull the rug out from under them now that they have already retired. Nobody is going to do that. Nobody is proposing that. Nobody is talking about that. And if you are a senior citizen in America, Mr. Speaker, rest assured that the only thing anyone is working on here is making sure the trust funds survive to pay you those benefits that have been promised. 
changes, we are talking about making changes to my generation and younger folks to connect the reality, which is we can’t afford those promises with the reality that I am still paying those taxes and redefining that relationship, Mr. Speaker, in a way that America can keep the promises. 
folks. You have to pay for what you want in this country. If you want more benefits, we will have to raise your taxes. If you want fewer benefits, we can cut your taxes. Right now, we are providing more benefits without raising taxes. We won’t raise taxes on each other. We will raise taxes on our children and grandchildren instead. We won’t cut benefits for each other. We cut benefits for our children and grandchildren instead. There is a better way forward, but we are going to find it together. 
Speaker, because folks won’t believe it. These are actual dollars, not inflation adjusted dollars. This chart represents the dollars that we have control over in this body, the dollars that we have to get together and decide on every year. Again, twothirds of the budget goes out the door whether this body shows up for work or not. It is on autopilot. 
The dollars that go out the door because we show up for work we have been reprioritizing, reallocating, and refocusing every single year. The result of that is a more effective and more efficient Federal Government to accomplish the priorities the American people have sent us here to accomplish, and we are borrowing less from our children and our grandchildren. 
These are our Federal deficits. This is the money that we are borrowing from our children and our grandchildren. 
and if he were here on the floor of the House today, Mr. Speaker, he would tell you, it was no source of pride for him as he was leaving office that he ran up the single largest deficit in American history. It was a Republican in the White House, it was Democrats running Capitol Hill, but together, in divided government, they came together and ran up the single largest annual deficit in American history. 
it, this little bitty one that is almost too small to read on the chart, this was once the largest deficit in American history. 
went to unified government where one party controlled everything, and we went to this deficit for 1 year and this deficit for the next year and this deficit for the next year, deficits, Mr. 
Speaker, two and three times larger than the deficit that George Bush set as the highest annual deficit in American history. 
Mr. Speaker, those were dark economic times for the country. Everybody has hindsight that is 20/20. No, I wouldn’t have supported that spending had I been here at that time. I wasn’t in Congress at that time. But those deficits are a reality. Those dollars have been borrowed. 
interest every day of the week. I take that back. No, it is not. We don’t repay a penny of our debt. I don’t know if we have ever had that conversation. We don’t repay a penny. 
national debt. We just keep borrowing. When a principal payment comes due, we borrow more money from someone else to pay back the interest and principal that we borrowed from somebody years ago. We don’t pay back a penny. We just borrow more and more and more. These represent increasing borrowing amounts. 
budget that that class of 2010 got to work on together. This is the second. This is the third. This is the fourth. This is where we are right now. 
are doing this together not as a mathematical exercise, but as a moral imperative not to borrow and mortgage the future of our children and our grandchildren. We are headed in the right direction, but we have to do more. I don’t want to look like I am patting 
us on the back, Mr. Speaker. The challenge is enormous. And, yes, we are grappling with it. But, look, this chart represents historical deficits back again as a percent of GDP. These other charts I showed you were in actual dollars going out the door. 
kind of compare apples to apples because a dollar going out the door in 1942 would have been more money going out the door today. So we do it as a percent of the economy to try to make it be comparable. 
We borrow, borrow, borrow, borrow, borrow. Throughout all the 1980s we borrowed. Do you remember those conversations in the 1980s, Mr. Speaker, where folks thought Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill and Congress were going to borrow us into oblivion? We thought the 1980s were the dark days of Federal spending because we were running up deficits that were so large. 
what looked like high points then, but turned out to be low points by more recent history standards. These are those 1980 deficits. These are the early Clinton deficits. These surpluses are the successes that Newt Gingrich and Bill Clinton had together, again, divided government producing results. We went back to unified government here with notsogood results. We went to divided government. Now we are getting back on track. 
another 10 years out, Mr. Speaker. If we do nothing, deficits begin to rise again. Under current law, if we do nothing, deficits begin to rise again. 
Budget Control Act and we have done amazing things. We have come together to end what was called the sustainable growth rate. They call it the doc fix. I don’t know why they call it that. It was a patient fix. It was this gimmick in law that was undermining healthcare security for all seniors. We came together and we fixed that. 
program that both solved a current problem and prevented future problems. Reinvesting more money in the trust fund, putting off those deficits, we can do those things together. 
Speaker. Again, we are going to talk over the next 4 months about $1 billion here and $1 billion there. I want to talk about $1 trillion here and $1 trillion there. This chart, Mr. Speaker, represents the nature of our challenge. 
If we want to get back to what I 
would call Federal debt levels that are historically normal, if it is okay to confess that, yes, we have a chart that says: As America, let’s not have debt that is incredibly high. Let’s just have debt that is kind of an average high. 
as success, just an average high debt, average dangerous debt. We are going to define that as success. And to get to that point, Mr. Speaker, if we start today, we are going to have to deal with about 1.1 percent of GDP. That is going to be the size of the change. We are going to have to deal with about 1 percent of the size of the entire economy. 
What is that going to be? A 1 percent 
increase in taxes? A 1 percent reduction in spending? No. It is much larger than that. GDP is the entire American economy. Federal spending and Federal taxes are just a very small part of that. 
When we talk about moving the needle on 1 percent of GDP, we are talking about big, big dollars. It is a huge challenge, huge challenge, if we started today. 
is, if we wait 5 years, the challenge gets 30 percent harder. It is a huge challenge today. Some would argue it is an insurmountable challenge today. 
Speaker, it will be 30 percent harder just 5 years down the road. Mr. Speaker, wait 10 years down the road and it is almost twice as hard. It is almost twice as hard to conquer 10 years down the road. 
going bankrupt in 2035 because we are trying to be alarmists. We talk about it going bankrupt in 2035 because the time to solve that is today. We talk about Medicare going bankrupt in 2030 not to be alarmists, but because the time to solve that is today. 
have are hard today. They are twice as hard tomorrow. We have got to find the courage today to come together and make these changes. 
are. If what you want to do is to make things better, you see, the challenge is even harder. If what you want to do is begin to pay some debt back, the challenges are even larger. 
I am not setting my sights on the big 
the Budget Control Act, we were then able to come together and solve the Medicare challenge. When we came together and solved the Medicare challenge, we were then able to come together and solve our defense challenge. One time and one time and one time and one time. When you wake up 365 days later, you find out you have really gotten some work done. 
chart, Mr. Speaker, and I will send you a copy of it. But we are talking about a 14 percent revenue increase or a 13 percent spending increase today, today, to begin this process. 
challenge that I said was easy, the challenge that I said we could achieve together, the challenge that I said divided government gave us an opportunity to be successful at, that is a 14 percent revenue increase, 14 percent tax hike today, or a 13 percent spending cut today. And then we are going to 
need to do it again next year and again 
Speaker. We have come together to create the largest deficit reduction package in the history of the country. Republicans, Democrats, Congress, the White House, we did it. We have time to do it again. 
I know there is an election year coming. I know folks want to focus on who is going to win in November. I know folks want Democrats to try to take over Congress or Republicans to try to take over the White House. I know that is the national conversation. 
pick, wouldn’t your candidate be advantaged if Republicans and Democrats had been successful for the American people on yet another big challenge? 
is hard. There is only one way forward, and it is together. Please let us not burn bridges quibbling over $1 billion here and $1 billion there over the next 4 months. One billion dollars is a lot of money, a lot of money. But our problems are trilliondollar problems, and I want us to join together to solve them because I know that we can. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a medical procedure. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, October 13, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
To the C LERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA TIVES : 
STEPHEN LEEFINCHER , moved to discharge the Committee on Rules from the consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 450) providing for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank of the United States, and for other purposes, which was referred to said Committee September 30, 2015, in support of which motion the undersigned Members of the House of Representatives affix their signatures, to wit: 
1. Stephen Lee Fincher. 2. Frank D. Lucas. 3. Markwayne Mullin. 4. E. Scott Rigell. 5. Raul M. Grijalva. 
6. Billy Long. 7. Thomas MacArthur. 8. Chris Collins. 9. Richard L. Hanna. 
10. Gregg Harper. 11. Mike Bost. 12. David W. Jolly. 13. Carlos Curbelo. 14. Larry Bucshon. 15. Charles W. Boustany. 16. James B. Renacci. 17. Mark E. Amodei. 18. Bill Johnson. 19. Renee L. Ellmers. 20. Ryan A. Costello. 21. Dan Newhouse. 22. James E. Clyburn. 23. Michael K. Simpson. 24. Mike Quigley. 25. Denny Heck. 26. Tom Reed. 27. Adam Kinzinger. 28. John R. Moolenaar. 29. Lou Barletta. 30. Tom Marino. 31. Mike Kelly. 32. David G. Reichert. 33. Elise M. Stefanik. 34. Robert J. Dold. 35. Duncan Hunter. 36. John L. Mica. 37. Stephen Knight. 38. Charles W. Dent. 39. Andre Carson. 40. Steve Stivers. 41. Glenn Thompson. 42. Joyce Beatty. 43. Bill Foster. 44. Keith Ellison. 45. Gene Green. 
46. David Scott. 47. Zoe Lofgren. 48. Nita M. Lowey. 49. Mark Takai. 50. John Lewis. 51. Nancy Pelosi. 52. Steny H. Hoyer. 53. Jose E. Serrano. 54. Sheila Jackson Lee. 55. John K. Delaney. 56. Timothy J. Walz. 57. Mike Rogers. 58. Carolyn B. Maloney. 59. Patrick J. Tiberi. 60. Jerry McNerney. 61. Suzan K. DelBene. 62. Kurt Schrader. 63. Anna G. Eshoo. 64. Brad Ashford. 65. Derek Kilmer. 66. Ron Kind. 67. Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter. 68. Kevin Cramer. 69. Lois Frankel. 70. John C. Carney. 71. Mark Pocan. 72. Gwen Moore. 73. John Katko. 74. Karen Bass. 75. Joaquin Castro. 76. Ann Kirkpatrick. 77. Julia Brownley. 78. David Loebsack. 79. Steve Israel. 80. Brian Higgins. 81. Kathleen M. Rice. 82. Eric Swalwell. 83. Janice Hahn. 
84. Joseph Crowley. 85. Tony Cardenas. 86. Louise McIntosh Slaughter. 87. Eddie Bernice Johnson. 88. Brendan F. Boyle. 89. Frank Pallone. 90. Bonnie Watson Coleman. 91. Michael F. Doyle. 92. Michael E. Capuano. 93. Doris O. Matsui. 94. Beto O’Rourke. 95. Joe Courtney. 96. Ruben Hinojosa. 97. Paul Tonko. 98. Robin L. Kelly. 99. Linda T. Sanchez. 
100. Jim Cooper. 101. Michelle Lujan Grisham. 102. Sean Patrick Maloney. 103. Jared Polis. 104. Ben Ray Lujan. 105. Alma S. Adams. 106. Pete Aguilar. 107. Barbara Lee. 108. Henry Cuellar. 109. Marcia L. Fudge. 110. Brenda L. Lawrence. 111. Mike Thompson. 112. Lois Capps. 113. Hakeem S. Jeffries. 114. David E. Price. 115. Albio Sires. 116. Kathy Castor. 117. Jim McDermott. 118. Bill Pascrell. 119. Tim Ryan. 120. Debbie Dingell. 121. David N. Cicilline. 122. Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott. 123. Rosa L. DeLauro. 
124. Janice D. Schakowsky. 125. G.K. Butterfield. 126. Theodore E. Deutch. 127. Ted Lieu. 128. Raul Ruiz. 129. Ann M. Kuster. 130. Terri A. Sewell. 131. Ed Perlmutter. 132. Patrick Murphy. 133. C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger. 134. Jim Costa. 135. Elijah E. Cummings. 136. Suzanne Bonamici. 137. Richard M. Nolan. 138. Collin C. Peterson. 139. John Garamendi. 140. Jared Huffman. 141. Scott H. Peters. 142. Sam Farr. 143. Earl Blumenauer. 144. Lucille RoybalAllard 145. Gwen Graham. 146. Katherine M. Clark. 147. Jerrold Nadler. 148. Rick Larsen. 149. Matt Cartwright. 150. Robert A. Brady. 151. John B. Larson. 152. Bobby L. Rush. 153. James A. Himes. 154. Susan A. Davis. 155. Sanford D. Bishop. 156. Marc A. Veasey. 157. Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson. 158. Ed Whitfield. 159. Elizabeth H. Esty. 160. Daniel T. Kildee. 
162. John P. Sarbanes. 163. Donna F. Edwards. 164. Yvette D. Clarke. 165. Nydia M. Velazquez. 166. Joseph P. Kennedy. 167. John A. Yarmuth. 168. Betty McCollum. 169. William R. Keating. 170. Cedric L. Richmond. 171. Jackie Speier. 172. Mark Takano. 173. Sander M. Levin. 174. Daniel Lipinski. 175. James P. McGovern. 176. Stephen F. Lynch. 177. Adam B. Schiff. 178. Judy Chu. 179. Steve Cohen. 180. Ruben Gallego. 181. John Conyers. 182. Adam Smith. 183. Danny K. Davis. 184. Chellie Pingree. 185. Juan Vargas. 186. Diana DeGette. 187. Wm. Lacy Clay. 188. Mark DeSaulnier. 189. Grace Meng. 190. Bennie G. Thompson. 191. Alan S. Lowenthal. 192. Norma J. Torres. 193. Niki Tsongas. 194. Seth Moulton. 195. Charles B. Rangel. 196. Donald Norcross. 197. Chaka Fattah. 198. Eliot L. Engel. 199. Ami Bera. 200. Donald S. Beyer. 201. Gregory W. Meeks. 202. Cheri Bustos. 203. Debbie Wasserman Schultz. 204. Richard E. Neal. 205. Filemon Vela. 206. Gerald E. Connolly. 207. Tammy Duckworth. 208. Alcee L. Hastings. 209. Corrine Brown. 210. Lloyd Doggett. 211. Chris Van Hollen. 212. Xavier Becerra. 213. Grace F. Napolitano. 214. Luis V. Gutierrez. 215. Tulsi Gabbard. 216. Loretta Sanchez. 217. Dina Titus. 218. Maxine Waters. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3145. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Auctions and Spectrum Access Division, Wireline Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Procedures for Competitive Bidding in Auction 
3146. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s annual report to Congress on the Defense Environmental Programs for FY 2014, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2711; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Energy and Commerce. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 3731. A bill to establish a Rare Disease 
Therapeutics Corporation to encourage the development of highrisk, highreturn therapies for rare diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3732. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt private foundations from the tax on excess business holdings in the case of certain philanthropic enterprises which are independently supervised, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
BEYER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
H.R. 3733. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain provisions of the renewable energy credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3734. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to provide support to mining schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. 
Carolina, Mr. J ONES , Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Ms. F OXX, Mr. W ALKER, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M EADOWS, and Mr. H OLDING ): 
H.R. 3735. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3736. A bill to provide for the restoration of Federal recognition to the Clatsop Nehalem Confederated Tribes of Oregon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3737. A bill to responsibly pay our Nation’s bills on time by temporarily extending the public debt limit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to improve the transparency, accountability, governance, and operations of the Office of Financial Research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
WALZ, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. M EADOWS , 
physicians to perform a medical certification for an operator of a commercial motor vehicle who is a veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Indiana, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
H.R. 3740. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to add a national goal and performance measure to improve road conditions in economically distressed urban communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. F OSTER , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Miss R ICE of New 
York, Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. H ANNA ): 
H.R. 3741. A bill to establish the Commission to Verify Iranian Nuclear Compliance; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 3742. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to allow for certain third party payments; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
of an executive department from maintaining a private email server for conducting official Government business; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself, Mr. GRAYSON , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , 
status of certain Venezuelan nationals who are in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3745. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to allow chiropractors to provide items and services through private contracts under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Substances Act inapplicable with respect to marihuana in States that have legalized marijuana and have in effect a statewide regulatory regime to protect certain Federal interests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3747. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to adjust for inflation the amount that is exempt from administrative offsets by the Department of Education for defaulted student loans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3748. A bill to require the Director of 
the Congressional Budget Office to calculate a carbon score for each bill or resolution; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3749. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit interference with communication frequencies used by emergency response providers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
H.R. 3750. A bill to waive the passport fees 
for first responders proceeding abroad to aid a foreign country suffering from a natural disaster; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
HIGGINS , Mr. R USH, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ROWLEY , and 
loan borrowers to refinance Federal student loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Federal student loan program through incomecontingent repayment to provide stronger protections for borrowers, encourage responsible borrowing, and save money for taxpayers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3753. A bill to require that the Government prioritize all obligations on the debt held by the public in the event that the 
debt limit is reached, to require the sale of Federal assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and 
Government Reform, Financial Services, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3754. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, 
United States Code, to facilitate recovering the costs of litigation and agency adjudications for prevailing parties in an action against the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3755. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the disregard of certain resident slots that include Department of Veterans Affairs training in determining payments for direct graduate medical education costs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
important contribution and added value of mental health and psychosocial support services and the importance of building such capacity in humanitarian and development contexts; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
KATKO , Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. C OOPER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to provide for the consideration of continuing resolutions to fund the Government at the current rate of operations if offered not more than 24 hours before funding for the Government expires; to the Committee on Rules. 
H. Res. 476. A resolution supporting the establishment of a national Children’s Bill of Rights; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
designation of a Presidential Special Envoy to the Balkans to evaluate the successes and shortcomings of the implementation of the Dayton Peace Accords in Bosnia and Herzegovina, to provide policy recommendations, and to report back to Congress within one year; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the 150th Anniversary of Ottawa University in Ottawa, Kansas; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
LOBIONDO , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mrs. 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
of New Mexico, Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. 
H. Res. 479. A resolution encouraging observance of National Wildlife Refuge Week with appropriate events and activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3731. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution; 
United States, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution; 
useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8 of the U.S. Constitution; 
for executing powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3732. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3733. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3734. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of artilce I of the 
H.R. 3735. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 3736. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3737. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.. 
H.R. 3738. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’). 
H.R. 3739. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States and establish Post Offices and post Roads. 
H.R. 3740. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Article 1, Section 9, clause 7 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3741. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
U.S. Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 3742. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3743. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 3744. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States. 
H.R. 3745. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3746. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3747. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3748. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law, and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 3749. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to the Congress by Article I. Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3750. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3751. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3752. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution 
H.R. 3753. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3754. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. 
H.R. 3755. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 239: Mr. C UMMINGS and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 292: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
New Mexico, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 820: Ms. E DWARDS and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 842: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 870: Mr. H OYER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
H.R. 1130: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
H.R. 1174: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1217: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. P IERLUISI , and 
H.R. 1288: Mr. D ENT and Mrs. M ILLER of 
H.R. 1312: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. W ITTMAN. 
New Mexico, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. G IBSON , 
H.R. 1441: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. K INDand Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. U PTON and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. W ALZ and Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 1786: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. T SONGAS , and 
H.R. 1814: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. W HITFIELD , 
H.R. 2123: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. S MITH of New 
H.R. 2156: Mr. V ISCLOSKY and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 2380: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M EEKS , and 
H.R. 2430: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
H.R. 2752: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. B OST. 
CONYERS , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2944: Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
H.R. 3092: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
H.R. 3119: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. P AULSEN , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3221: Ms. L EEand Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3339: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
H.R. 3381: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. 
H.R. 3420: Mr. T AKAI, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
H.R. 3455: Mr. E NGEL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
H.R. 3459: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. S AM 
H.R. 3478: Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 3484: Mrs. T ORRES and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3488: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 3546: Mr. R OSS, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
H.R. 3556: Mr. P ASCRELL and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3651: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
WITTMAN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
H.R. 3665: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Ms. F RANKEL  
H.R. 3696: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
PASCRELL , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 3713: Mr. G UINTA , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
H.R. 3727: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. F OSTER . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. C ROWLEY . H. Con. Res. 77: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DDIE 
Ms. B ASS, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
H. Res. 112: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. W ITTMAN. 
H. Res. 293: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of 
H. Res. 346: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and 
H. Res. 354: Mr. K EATING and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H. Res. 428: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S WALWELL of 
H. Res. 451: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. 
H. Res. 467: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
CAPPS , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7283 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2015 No. 149 
a.m., and was called to order by the Honorable JEFF SESSIONS , a Senator 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 