today to deplore the deeply disturbing actions of Planned Parenthood, which has no reservations about using macabre tactics to harvest the lungs, livers, heads, and hearts of aborted babies. 
caught the organization’s senior director of medical services eagerly promoting the harvesting of such body parts, purportedly for medical research. The director said she holds a daily huddle to determine how best to obtain them from unborn children scheduled for abortion. Callously discussing a menu of aborted body parts over lunch and red wine demonstrates a new level of depravity. 
Planned Parenthood’s damage control fails to answer two basic questions: Have their affiliates done ‘‘better than break even’’ and profited from the sale of baby body parts? And under what medical, ethical, or legal code is it okay to choose a particular abortion method to preserve particular organs for harvesting? 
on tape. Trafficking in human body parts is a Federal offense. Planned Parenthood receives over half a billion in taxpayer dollars every year. 
I am calling for a stop to their inhumane practices and support the renewed congressional investigation into 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when I was first elected to office, I had the preeminent privilege of meeting with a President of the United States of America. It was one of the most rewarding and gratifying meetings that I have had. 
many things. One of the things that I walked away from the meeting with was a sense and spirit of bipartisanship and how important it was to be able to work with people across lines. 
President was George Bush 41. I understand that he has suffered an injury. I want him, his family, and all to know that I will keep them in my prayers as they move forward. He recently celebrated a birthday, and I wish him many, many more birthdays. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rice industry in 1958 as an ‘‘office errand boy’’ at Riceland Foods. He has served in many capacities since that time, including his current role as senior vice president of rice sales at Producers Rice Mill. 
Rice Mill alone, he has marketed the equivalent of 1.3 billion bushels of rough rice, which translates to about 20 million metric tons of both milled and brown rice. 
In 1981, when U.S. rice acreage exploded from 2 million acres per year to just under 4 million acres, new market access for U.S. rice was crucial in supporting prices for U.S. rice farmers. Butch was one of the critical pioneers at the time who dramatically expanded the export demand for U.S. rice. 
opening of new export markets for U.S. rice in the Caribbean, Iran, Iraq, and Nigeria. Butch also expanded U.S. rice exports in Europe, Saudi Arabia, and South Africa. 
rice production required to be exported, the fruits of Butch’s efforts not only enhanced the returns of the farmers he worked for, but the new export demand for U.S. rice also benefited the market prices of all U.S. rice farmers. In all, Butch has logged nearly 9 million air miles on behalf of the U.S. rice industry. 
errand boy, Marvin ‘‘Butch’’ Baden, through hard work and perseverance, has earned and achieved the highest level of respect and appreciation within the U.S. rice industry. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in honor of Don Newton, a proud 40year member of the International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers, Local 56, of West Chicago, Illinois—and a friend of mine— who passed away recently. 
fighting for their rights were met with lead pipes and managementpaid gangs. Today, they fight for their rights with picket lines, elections, and the rule of law and with icons like Scabby, the inflatable rat. 
Scabby the Rat, a towering, inflatable mascot of labor protests, was dreamed up by Don Newton and fellow organizer Ken Lambert during labor disputes of the 1990s. Today, Scabby can be seen throughout the country, reminding us of the constant struggle for fair wages and safe working conditions and the importance of unity and solidarity in labor disputes. 
workers fight to hold on to the protections they need to maintain fair wages and a healthy middle class, Scabby the Rat and the memory of Don Newton will never be forgotten; and you can now follow Scabby the Rat on Wikipedia and Facebook. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
week, President Obama announced a nuclear agreement with Iran that falls far short of the commitments he made to the American people. 
Iran’s quest for nuclear weapons. It lifts an arms embargo against the world’s number one state sponsor of terror. It also opens the possibility for Iran to acquire ballistic missiles capable of reaching anywhere in the world. 
The President’s agreement ends sanctions, frees up hundreds of billions to help Iran’s economy, and will allow an unrepentant Iran to finance terrorism around the world, undermining the safety and security of the United States, Israel, and our allies. Never forget Iran is responsible for the deaths of 
hundreds of American servicemembers, from Beirut to Baghdad, and beyond. 
The initial ‘‘anytime, anywhere access’’ standard for monitoring Iran’s nuclear program is replaced with ‘‘managed access,’’ where we have to ask permission before entering suspected facilities. 
safer. Far from ending the potential of a nuclear arms race in the Middle East, it all but guarantees one. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
stand in strong support of the Make It In America plan and working to strengthen America’s great manufacturing comeback. One of the biggest threats to that comeback is the growing skills gap in manufacturing, which is why I and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have joined together to lead the Congressional Investment in America’s Workforce Caucus. 
America and the CIAW Caucus, we are working to expand apprenticeships and onthejob training, increase employer provided educational benefits, and provide tax credits for businesses who provide critical workforce training. 
already seeing results. According to yesterday’s Detroit Free Press, Wayne County, in my district, is leading the Nation in new manufacturing jobs added last year. Three other counties in the State of Michigan were added as well. 
If we keep this up and if we continue 
to work to close that manufacturing gap, we can make it in America. 
SENATE DEMOCRATS ARE PUTTING OUR NATIONAL SECURITY IN JEOPARDY 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to voice my concerns over Senate Democrats standing in the way of funding our national security. Once again, we find ourselves in a position where Democrats in the Senate are attempting to extort higher Federal spending on their social agenda in return for adequately funding our troops. 
spending bill with the same proposed spending limits that the President of the United States asked for, but Senate Democrats are using the 60vote rule to prohibit this appropriation measure from coming to the floor. 
increased while some of our comparative military advantage has begun to erode. 
We have seen this before, Mr. Speaker, where our security becomes a political bargaining chip. This is irresponsible, and I respectfully request my colleagues in the Senate to abandon these tactics. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to stop this dangerous game and support the Defense Appropriations bill. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, our veterans have earned the care they are due to receive through the Department of Veterans Affairs. So many men and women of the military put their lives on the line every day to ensure the safety and security of our country. 
of the Department continues to pile up. This week, it was revealed that nearly onethird of the 847,000 veterans with pending applications for health care may have already passed away. 
lives, over 200,000 men and women who served our country bravely weren’t able to access the care that they were promised. These benefits were earned through service, but due to mismanagement, they remained in an endless waiting line. 
Mr. Speaker, we can and must do better for our Nation’s servicemen and women. We must continue to institute reforms at the VA to ensure that our veterans receive proper care. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2898. 
LAMALFA ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 362 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2898. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2898) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
American West is in the midst of a severe drought, especially central California. This problem demands swift action, with tens of thousands of trees, plants, jobs, food, and livelihoods at stake. 
water supply infrastructure into the 21st century, making it more drought resistant. The bill also addresses the manmade Federal decisions that are exacerbating the drought. 
H.R. 2898 ensures scientific transparency in Federal actions that are literally taking water away from people that desperately need it, all for questionable benefit of endangered fish. 
of more effective management tools like addressing the nonnative fish that are harming the endangered fish. 
build new water storage that is crucial to the wellbeing of Western communities and economies. To assist non Federal projects, the bill creates a one stop shop for water storage permitting at the Bureau of Reclamation. 
or conflict with each other when it comes to permitting nonFederal facilities. This provision forces them to sit down with one lead agency, the Bureau of Reclamation, to resolve issues and expedite permitting. 
a streamlined and transparent process for the Bureau that mirrors the Army Corps’ provisions in the Water Resource Reform and Development Act of 2014, which was enacted by overwhelming bipartisan majorities in both Houses of Congress. 
costs and finance new water storage, the bill allows irrigation districts and water utilities to prepay their share of 
prohibited from paying off contracts early. This is nonsensical. Congress has lifted the restrictions in piecemeal fashion before, and it is time to dispense with it altogether. 
storage is to allow the Bureau of Reclamation to make water storage improvements during the course of making safety improvements. H.R. 2898 allows the Bureau to do just that. 
Finally, the bill prohibits the Departments of the Interior and Agriculture from holding public land permits hostage unless permittees give up their Stateendowed water rights. This will put a stop to the Federal Government’s repeated attempts to grab water rights at the expense of State authority from the Forest Service’s interim directive for ski area permits to the Service’s illfated groundwater directive. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill takes a commonsense approach to solving water problems in the West, and I urge its adoption. 
DEARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I am writing concerning H.R. 2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015.’’ 
the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : On July 9, 2015, the 
Committee on Natural Resources ordered reported with amendments H.R. 2898, the Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Agriculture. 
I ask that you allow the Committee on Agriculture to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled expeditiously by the Majority Leader. 
This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Agriculture represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources as well as in the Congressional Record to memorialize our understanding. 
request, and for your continued strong cooperation between our committees. 
here on the House floor talking about another socalled drought bill that my Republican colleagues were attempting to slam through the House within just a few days of its introduction. 
title, but it is pretty much the same bill. We are back today to consider yet another bill that harms West Coast fisheries and tribal interests, another bill that undermines State law, another bill that micromanages the most complex water system in the world in a way that benefits a select few at the expense of many others across the State of California, another bill that is going nowhere. 
We have a SAP from the administration. We have a withering threepage letter of opposition critiquing the bill from the Department of the Interior. The two largest circulation papers in California have both editorialized against it. The State of California is on record opposing prior versions of this bill. 
House did not allow any amendments to the bill, we are here today with 4 out of 5 Republican amendments made in order and 4 out of 24 Democratic amendments made in order. 
progress over the 113th Congress’ very closed process, but that is no way to do business and certainly no way to get a bill signed into law. With something as complicated and important as California water, we really should make sure everyone has a say, and that is what Democrats have attempted to do. We have introduced a drought response bill, H.R. 2983, which is a comprehensive drought bill. It brings everyone to the table. 
before even being formally introduced, resulting in substantial crowdsource changes to the bill. Our water future 
deserves that kind of open debate and real solutions. 
on that bill because it provides both short and longterm investments in water supply reliability, the kind of tools that all Western States will need. 
And I submit that if my Republican colleagues really care about the challenges faced by farmworkers and others affected by this drought, they will join us in backing real solutions that provide meaningful assistance in addition to stretching our limited water supplies. 
Our bill is supported by the Association of California Water Agencies, California sanitation agencies, numerous other water agencies, environmental groups and stakeholders, and both the L.A. Times and the San Francisco Chronicle have editorialized in favor of the Democratic alternative drought response bill and opposed to the bill we are considering here today. 
Mr. Chairman, let’s have some hearings. Despite the importance of this issue, we have held no legislative hearings on drought responses in the 114th Congress, not on the majority’s bill, not on my alternative. 
Let’s see which one produces the most water, which one produces that water more quickly, and which one produces it more costeffectively and more reliably. 
we will be discussing real water solutions in that spirit, vetted in an open hearing, that can actually produce something that will be signed into law, instead of the same tired, divisive ideas that pit our State’s water users against each other. 
Why do your Republican colleagues refuse to have serious hearings on their water proposal? I think the answer is pretty clear. Like its predecessors, we are here considering a bill that, when it is exposed to public scrutiny, simply falls apart. 
Interior said last week in a letter to our committee, in lieu of testimony, of course, because there was no legislative hearing on the bill. They said: ‘‘Instead of increasing water supplies, H.R. 2898 dictates operational decisions and imposes an additional new legal standard. Instead of saving water, this could actually limit water supplies by creating new and confusing conflicts with existing laws, thereby adding an unnecessary layer of complexity to Federal and State project operations. As a result of this additional standard, we believe H.R. 2898 will slow decisionmaking, generate significant litigation, and limit the realtime operational flexibility that is so critical to maximizing water delivery.’’ 
Although the Pacific Fishery Management Council wasn’t given an opportunity to actually testify on this bill, again, because we had no hearings, they opposed last year’s version, and they wrote to us this week to say that they are on record on what appears to be similar legislation. Specifically, they are concerned about the bill’s provisions that redirect water away from salmon habitat. The closure of the West Coast salmon 
fishery in 2008 and 2009 required $158 million in Federal disaster relief. And, sadly, the Rules Committee did not allow a vote on our amendment to require a full Pacific Fishery Management Council review of this legislation. 
There is no question that this bill explicitly preempts State water law, and it waives and weakens the application of bedrock Federal environmental laws, including the Endangered Species Act and NEPA, but the Rules Committee did not allow a vote on my amendment to protect California water law from preemption nor my amendment to strengthen the water rights protections in the bill. It seems that the issue of states’ rights is simply an inconvenient subject when it comes to Republican water legislation. 
subject, but it doesn’t have to be partisan combat. It doesn’t have to scapegoat environmental laws or pit one region against the other in a zerosum game. 
Water Committee during the last drought in 2009, and we did it the right way. We held lots of hearings. We brought interests from all over the State together and, in the end, although it was a lot of work, through that deliberative, transparent process we produced comprehensive water legislation that was supported by Republicans and Democrats from all corners of the State. 
unanimous California legislature agreed on a multibilliondollar water bond that has created significant water reforms in full public view. If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would just give up on the idea of ramming the same divisive ideas through Congress every few months, we too might be able to make some progress on solving water problems. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
droughts are nature’s fault, but water shortages are our fault. They are a deliberate choice we made nearly 40 years ago when we stopped building new dams. We haven’t added a major reservoir in California since 1979, while the population of our State has nearly doubled. 
Even before the drought, leftist policies created severe water shortages in California’s Central Valley, devastating the economy and creating the spectacle of food lines in one of the most fertile agricultural regions of our Nation. 
comprehensive legislation to resolve this crisis before it became a crisis. For 4 years, Senate Democrats blocked it; but the public has now awakened, and the Senate has changed. 
the same voices that have dominated Western water policy these past 40 
water law; it protects it by forbidding State officials from fulfilling their threats to violate it. It comes at the request of local water agencies that are sick and tired of having their water expropriated by ideological zealots. 
different visions of water policy. One is the nihilistic vision of the environmental left; increasingly severe, governmentinduced shortages, forced rationing, astronomical water prices, and a permanently declining quality of life for our children who will be required to stretch and ration every drop of water in their parched homes. The other is a vision of abundance, a new era of clean, cheap, and plentiful water and hydroelectricity; great new reservoirs to store water in wet years to assure plenty in dry ones; a society whose children can enjoy the prosperity that abundant water provides, including fresh and affordable groceries from America’s agricultural cornucopia. 
Mr. Chairman, we choose abundance. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
is certainly not one of austerity and sacrifice; it is one of reality. 
There was a time when the reclamation program from the Federal Government proceeded on the assumption that rain follows the plow. It was completely wishful, completely delusional, and we seem to be hearing vestiges of that old argument even today. 
What Democrats offer are real solutions—solutions that have been underfunded by Republicans for too many years, solutions that will generate more water and more water supply reliability than the Republican alternative we are considering. 
that are simply not correct. The claim that we haven’t built a major reservoir in California since 1979, tell that to the folks that built Los Vaqueros Reservoir or Diamond Valley Reservoir or many others. 
We hear that the doubling of the population in the last few decades is what is driving this crisis. Well, in fact, the urban centers where that population has doubled have held their demand flat. The population has gone up. The water consumption has not. 
remarkably, we continue to hear that it doesn’t preempt State law. Well, Mr. Chairman, I would refer you simply to the CBO report at page 2, which recognizes that H.R. 2898 would impose intergovernmental mandates by preempting the ability of the State of California to enforce its own water management and wildlife preservation laws. There is no question that this bill preempts State laws, and saving money by telling Federal agencies they no longer have to comply with State laws is no way to make public policy. 
the gentleman from the delta region California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). He has 
been a champion on sustainable management of our water resources, and I am pleased to have him with us. 
rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 2898. 
Many of my colleagues here in Washington have told me they don’t want to get involved in the California water wars, and I don’t blame them. I don’t want them to get involved in the California water wars, but this legislation will do tremendous harm to the California delta, an area that I am privileged to represent. 
is experiencing its driest year on record. In May, there was not even enough snowpack to measure. The United States Drought Monitor measured that about 46 percent of California is in an ‘‘exceptional drought.’’ 
The socalled drought bill does nothing to solve California’s water issues or address drought across the West. Instead, it preempts State laws, reduces management flexibility, eliminates protection for salmon and other endangered species, and rolls back our Nation’s fundamental environmental laws. 
not waste time and resources recycling old, bad ideas. Moving more water south doesn’t answer our problems. It hurts delta farmers and the salmon industry. We can’t pick and choose our economies. We need to fight for all of them. 
Let’s be clear. My Republican colleagues are basing a lot of their arguments on the idea that environmental regulations send too much water to the ocean that otherwise could be used by communities. But according to the State Water Resources Control Board, in 2014, 72 percent of the delta outflow was required to control salinity so that the delta’s water supply did not become too salty for agriculture or urban communities across the State. 
damage will result for fishermen, farmers, families, and businesses throughout California. What I don’t understand is why our Republican colleagues keep fighting against protections that preserve the quality of water for their constituents. 
opposes this bill because it would ‘‘impede an effective and timely response to the continuing drought while providing no additional water to hardhit communities.’’ 
legislation to ‘‘weaken State and Federal environmental protections . . . preempt State law . . . and favor one region of the State over another,’’ which is exactly what this bill does. 
and we have to support bold, forward thinking solutions that create new 
water and don’t pit regions of California against each other. We should be supporting water efficiency, storage, reuse, recycling, water management, innovative water projects, and long term approaches to water shortages. 
disrupt a fragile delta and hurt its local economy, I, along with my colleagues, will be pushing for solutions that create more water and respond to the needs of the entire State. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield the gentleman an additional 20 seconds. 
colleagues in the Great Lakes region and the Florida Everglades to pay attention. This bill, if passed, will set a new precedent for grabbing freshwater over any environmental protections. Your water could be next. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L UMMIS ). 
and will hear quite a bit more claims from the opposition, and I think it is high time that we reintroduce facts into the debate on California water. 
California’s water and home to its largest reservoirs, just two of which can hold 8 million acrefeet, enough for 32 million people for an entire year. This water is delivered throughout the length of the State, and no other district provides so much for so many. 
facing mandatory rationing and fallowed fields. I support this measure because it respects State water rights and aids all Californians without favoring any region of the State over another. 
have expressed so much concern over ‘‘sparking a water war’’ where their water comes from. You will find that their water comes from my district, my colleagues’ districts in the Valley, as well as the Sierras. 
surface water storage projects that would yield enough water for 9.6 million people, projects that twothirds of Californians voted to fund with State money just last year. 
we have so many California legislators today and in the past that oppose anything we try to do to enhance the water supply and deliverability in the State of California. 
use that is negatively impacting listed species. According to the National Marine Fisheries Service and Delta Stewardship Council, 90 percent of endangered winterrun salmon are killed and eaten by invasive fish species before they even reach the delta. The opposition, despite all data to 
the contrary, denies that invasive species are a part of the problem. Years of lawsuits aimed at reducing water use haven’t helped at all endangered salmon, but this bill takes real steps to aid that population. This bill takes action to reduce the populations of invasive species. 
impacts commercial salmon fishing, they won’t say that the National Marine Fisheries Service found that commercial ocean fishing reduces the remaining endangered winterrun Chinook population by as much as 25 percent. 
of endangered winterrun Chinook are killed by invasive species and commercial fishing outside of whatever happens in the delta, 92.5 percent. 
alters the Endangered Species Act, ask them to show you the language where it does so. They can’t show you that because it doesn’t exist. Believe me, if I could, I would amend the Endangered Species Act to be more effective, actually, in helping species as well as human needs. 
In fact, this bill enhances implementation of the ESA by requiring improved population monitoring and invasive species management, components that should be universally supportable. 
halftruths and misleading rhetoric, such as no hearings being held. We had two hearings as well as hearings in the Valley on this bill and its components. 
should take any action at all, that nothing is wrong, despite 36 percent mandatory water reductions to homes—such as in my district, like in Redding—thousands of lost jobs, and a half million fallowed acres. 
million people—soon to be 50 million in California—can prosper with water delivery infrastructure built for 20 million people years ago, despite irrefutable evidence that our State’s economy has dried up. 
Mr. Chairman, it is time to take action and pass H.R. 2898. 
way of clarification, the opposition does not oppose addressing invasive species that may have impacts on our fisheries. 
of the serious science, including peer reviewed science, that finds that water diversions are the main challenge and the main impact. And we cannot ignore the elephant in the room when we are talking about recovering our fisheries. 
kind of a hearing in the Valley, Mr. Chairman, not in this Congress and not a real hearing. 
It doesn’t count when you have a Republican swing through Fresno with a fundraiser and a rally and a press event and no Democratic ranking members in 
where diverse witnesses and water experts and lots of Democrats get to participate in a serious and meaningful way. 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ), the ranking member of 
our Water Resources and Environment Subcommittee of the T&I Committee, a champion on water issues for many, many years. 
H.R. 2898. It does create no new wet water. 
I am hearing a lot of rhetoric on all 
these different things that have happened. I have been on that subcommittee for 17 years, and I have heard it all. 
have been talking to farmers. But I don’t see any of my colleagues on the other side visiting southern California and checking out how we do things in San Diego and Los Angeles, to be able to have hearings with the water agencies and all those that are critically affected by what is affecting southern California. 
There has been no hearing in our Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. There has been no consultation with Democrats, except one maybe, with no water agency, with State agencies, with cities, and with tribes. 
ones who are really affected by the drought and who have no way of being able to have income or other way of subsidence. 
The bill focuses on the Central Valley at the expense of the rest of both northern California and southern California. 
agribusiness, which reduces southern California water deliveries. It creates a complicated and illdefined system that is a very poor attempt at protecting State water deliveries to southern California. 
know that the bill will reduce deliveries to southern California due to water quality and environmental problems created with increased pumping to the Central Valley. 
the U.S., by weakening Federal environmental review laws, by creating unreasonable deadlines for environmental review when the biggest problem with delayed view is ‘‘inadequate funding.’’ 
California’s Natural Resources Secretary, John Laird, states that this bill would ‘‘reignite water wars, move water policy back into the courts, and try to pit one part of the State against another.’’ 
senior Senator, said the bill contains provisions ‘‘that would violate environmental law.’’ 
says the bill ‘‘will only reignite the water wars.’’ 
The White House opposes this legislation and will veto it, saying that ‘‘it fails to address critical elements of California’s complex water challenges and will, if enacted, impede an effective and timely response to the continuing drought while providing no additional water to the hardhit communities.’’ 
a bipartisan manner to address California’s entire State drought. 
in the 21st Century Act, which would provide actual drought relief to all of California with water conservation programs, water recycling projects, groundwater improvement operations, stormwater capture solutions, and desalinization. 
We need to support longterm solutions with shovelready projects that quickly create water. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 15 seconds. 
million backlog on title XVI for recycled water that would help southern California be able to wean itself off of the imported water. Key House Democratic proposals have been excluded from the bill we are marking up today. 
hearings in 5 years have been held on this subject. Democrat Members were invited to attend hearings in California. Only one chose to attend. 
today in support of Western Water and American Food Security Act. 
The Obama administration has exacerbated drought conditions in the West by putting the demands of extremist special interest groups ahead of hard working American families. 
environmental lawsuits have allowed for hundreds of billions of gallons of water to be diverted into the San Francisco Bay in order to protect a 3inch fish. 
This has had a dramatic impact, killing thousands of jobs, harming our food supply, and leading to unemployement levels as high as 40 percent in some communities. 
combating drought conditions in the West. The bill protects private water rights and prohibits Federal takings. This legislation streamlines the Federal permitting process and will increase water storage capacity. 
West and need some relief. H.R. 2898 will help ensure a reliable water supply for our citizens and our Nation’s ag producers. I urge adoption of this commonsense 
clarification is needed. We continue to hear about this legendary 3inch fish that is apparently taking so much water from Californians. 
facts are that, over the last 2 years, that 3inch fish has taken exactly zero water from those who depend on water diverted out of the delta system. 
folks are hurting from this drought throughout California and in other Western States. 
employment, thanks to the incredible productivity of our farmers in California, ag employment was actually up 2 percent last year, another stubborn fact that needs to be remembered so that we can get the context of this bill right. 
I am proud to yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), our distinguished ranking 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I thank the gentleman from California for yielding me the time and for the good work he has done on the water issues in our committee and for the rational thought he brings to the discussion. 
Mr. Chairman, the Endangered Species Act is not causing the California drought, period. It is wrong to mislead the people living through the drought by telling them that the answer is to abolish environmental laws. It isn’t. 
again with another unfounded attack on endangered species that will go extinct without ESA protection. 
‘‘power grab’’ and ‘‘overreach’’ every time that they don’t get their way. 
Here they come again, using a serious water challenge as an excuse to chip away at a law they don’t support, even if it is unrelated to the problem at hand. 
Millions of Californians need Congress to take this drought seriously. But my friends across the aisle have decided their opposition to the Endangered Species Act is more important, and the drought in California is a convenient excuse to dismantle ESA. 
We recently finished debating the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies appropriations bill that now includes language that would jeopardize the survival of the African elephant, greater sagegrouse, gray wolf, northern longeared bat, Sonoran desert tortoise, and many other endangered species. 
several salmon and steelhead runs to the list of species that the House Republicans have decided we can do without. 
After all, the sponsor of this legislation said last month on live television that he would ‘‘hopefully someday repeal 
kind of rhetoric is not constructive, but is a useful glimpse into the real Republican agenda. 
about, these comments tell us Republicans know that this is a distraction from the real problem. California faces a crippling drought and global warming that will continue to make the State drier and hotter, and the demand for water far outstrips supply. 
tough choices in this drought, but they do not need to choose to exterminate fish and wildlife resources that belong to the American people. Congress should not choose to do so either. 
the ESA is proving it. Since 1973, 99 percent of protected species have survived, and the U.S. economy has tripled from just over 5 trillion to more than 16 trillion. Restoring delta smelt, salmon, and steelheads will have additional economic benefit for commercial and recreational fishermen. 
telling us that we have to protect species. Recent polling shows 90 percent of voters support ESA. 
Sadly, this bill is just another example of House Republicans ignoring the will of the American people and driving the extinction of American fish and wildlife one species at a time. 
I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 2898. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), the sponsor of 
thank my friend from Wyoming, who has been a huge support on this legislation. 
are no real solutions in this bill, real solutions that actually help deliver water; and that frustrates me to no end because there are a lot of solutions that have a lot of support. 
has had no impact on pumping this water out of the delta, when the Bureau of Reclamation, through their own estimates, say about a million acrefeet annually is impacted between the Central Valley project and the State water project. That is a government agency that is doing the restricting and holding back the water that is telling us themselves. 
another three fish were caught in the pumps. They are looking and counting, and they are already starting to figure out when they are going to turn the pumps off again so they can restrict the pumping of those fish. 
impact on farmworkers. Farmworkers aren’t looking for your handouts. They are sick and tired of sitting at home and taking a check. They want to work. They want to produce. 
store with the money they earned and purchase the products that they were 
involved in growing. To them, that is a sign of the American dream. It is a sign of having the opportunity to produce and to be a productive member of society and to show their family and raise their family in an environment that allows them to grow with a little bit of respect and dignity for what they do. 
bill that they claim don’t exist, reservoirs are a big deal. That is what holds water so that we can use it for later on in periods like now. We actually asked to streamline the process so we can get those approved quicker. 
that have been going on for nearly 15 years. We are 13 years into it, and $150 million of taxpayer money has been spent studying these things to no end. We want to end that. I don’t think that is unreasonable. The President seems to think it is, but I don’t see how it possibly could be. 
actually having an impact on the delta smelt. According to studies, you hear about 95 percent of those delta smelt and salmonoid are being consumed by these predator species. We offer a solution in order to take care of that problem. 
bureaucracy. My opponent or my friend from the other side seems to think it is a layer of bureaucracy, but we are asking for real science to be put in place to make sure that, when we decide to turn off these pumps to hurt the communities in the Central Valley, to put these people out of work, that real science is actually used; and we actually try to verify that things are actually accomplishing something when we turn these pumps off. 
As far as hearings, we have had hearings. We wanted those hearings in the valley. We took the request of our friends on the other side, and we had the hearing right there in Fresno in the heart of the problem so they can see for themselves what this is causing, what effect this is having in our communities. 
Like my friend from Wyoming mentioned, we had one person show up; and I would like to thank that gentleman for coming, Mr. COSTA , and spending 
some time. It is his hometown, so he understands the issue well. 
seriously. This bill is a comprehensive bill that covers a lot of different topics, but it also helps deliver real water. I don’t know what the difference between wet water and dry water is, but we are looking to deliver real water to the valley. 
they claim, what are they afraid of? What is the fear of this legislation passing if it doesn’t deliver, in their own words? 
helping our community and helping people get back to work and grow delicious, wonderful American food that we are very proud of. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to cite testimony from the United States Fish and Wildlife Service before the State water board just a few months ago, February 18, 2015, in which they testified the delta smelt biological opinion has not required mandatory restrictions on water exports since early 2013, over 2 years ago. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ), my distinguished colleague 
I do not agree with him on this particular bill, but I do want to say that he has been a champion for his district and certainly has great command of the water issue. 
the gentleman from California for yielding me 2 minutes. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support the Western Water and American Food Security Act that we are debating here today. 
this is not new. What you have exhibited here and seen this morning is where the water fault lines lie in California, and it also is reflective of many of the Western States. 
pointed out clearly that we have a broken water system in California. Here we are on the floor, having another debate over whether or not we are going to pass a bill to help people because, at the end of the day, these are people problems, people problems in every region of California. 
impacted than in the San Joaquin Valley, which much of us represent. These are families where parents have lost their jobs, whose children are not able to attend school. These are farmworkers, these are farm communities that have felt the most severe impact of this drought and the water constraints that we now are dealing with. 
side argue that this is simply a cause of 4 continuous dry years, and while that is partially true, it ignores that that talking point doesn’t recognize that, in fact, we have a broken water system designed for 20 million people. 
Communities in the San Joaquin Valley have seen their water supply reduced long term by 40 percent, and agricultural use has declined over the last 40 years because we are more efficient water users. Some, in my area, have had a zero water allocation the last 2 years. Zero, that is no water. 
every region of the State to be sure. It has impacted large metropolitan areas like the Silicon Valley, Los Angeles, San Diego, as well as the small rural and often disadvantaged communities like those in the valley that I represent. 
toward addressing this longstanding imbalance by enhancing scientific management of the water projects in California and then giving it greater 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentlewoman. It provides additional flexibility to increase our water supply. We have to use all the water tools in the water management toolbox, and that includes increasing storage capacity, and it is about time that we began doing that. 
other factors that are preventing the recovery of endangered species, like the invasive species that are the result of a lot of the decline in salmon in California. 
of ‘‘Out of the Dust.’’ She said: ‘‘The way I see it, hard times aren’t only about money or drought or dust. Hard times are about losing the spirit and hope and what happens when dreams dry up.’’ 
to tell you that a lot of the dreams are drying up in the people that I represent in the San Joaquin Valley. This drought is crushing their spirit, making them feel as if their dreams never become a reality and too often feel like they are the country cousin, literally and figuratively, of the two urban areas in southern California and northern California. 
not more talking points, but legislation working together on a bipartisan basis. This legislation starts that process. It is a work in progress. Obviously, it will be amended. 
1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ). 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding; and I thank my colleague on the other side, Mr. COSTA , for his work on this in 
the bipartisan bill. I thank Congressman VALADAO for bringing it to the 
that is called, for a very good reason, ‘‘America’s salad bowl.’’ We produce the vegetables; we produce the fruits, and we produce the nuts that feed the Nation. 
people in my district know: Food grows where water flows, and no water equals higher food costs. 
the district if you drive down the highways, but you can see trouble in more than just the signs you read. You see it in the parched farmlands, in the reservoirs that are all but empty, and in the faces of those whose jobs have dried up with the water. 
Californian, a native from Bakersfield, but this isn’t a local problem. Half of the produce we eat in America is grown 
in California, and California is the eighth largest economy in the world. When California hurts, the entire Nation hurts as well. 
This is even bigger than just California. Almost 40 percent of the West is facing a severe drought, and it is undeniably clear that the status quo is unsustainable. 
their livelihoods; water prices also continue to go up, and America will have to rely more and more on foreign food, perhaps from countries that don’t have the same labor or environmental laws that we do. 
can’t give up either. Some people want to do just that, Mr. Chairman; some believe that our way of life has to change, that it is time to focus on conservation above all and manage our decline. I reject that. 
American West is in decline, and the hope of so many generations is in decline. We will lose that pioneering spirit that will lead us through the 21st century. 
that rejects the idea that we have reached the heights of the shining city on a hill and that it is time to come back down to a world of limits and of uncertainty. We have never accepted failure; nothing, not even a historic drought, will make us start now. 
and again to address this problem. This Congress, the last two Congresses, have addressed it before we hit a historic drought. Let’s not forget, just 5 years ago, we had 172 percent of snowpack. 
and I support it. What does desalinization do? It takes saltwater and makes it freshwater. Why in California do we allow our freshwater to become saltwater? Shouldn’t we protect that first? 
as we just heard from Congressman COSTA and from this side. We designed 
the bill to move as much water down south to our farms and to our cities as possible without making any fundamental changes to the environmental law. 
does four things in California. We allow water to flow through the delta. We create a process to build more storage that has been promised so many years before but has been held in bureaucratic red tape. We will increase the reservoirs, and we will protect the senior water rights and the California State water project. 
California. That is why this bill includes so many provisions to help our friends in the Western States through their tough times as well. 
challenge before us. It is a challenge of nature, yes; but it is also a change of policy, foresight, and plain common sense. For decades, our State and country have faced droughts. For years, 
Now, we are here today to move forward toward a solution. It is a solution built upon ideas from, yes, Democrats and Republicans. It is a solution that rejects the idea of decline and failure and says with a clear voice: We will not let the drought defeat us. 
West is better than that, and, Mr. Chairman, America is better than that. We will not lose hope. We will solve the problem with or without you. 
I inquire as to the balance of my time? 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the majority leader’s statements about when freshwater becomes saltwater. 
I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP SON), who represents the part of California that understands the incredible ecological and economic value of that mixing zone where freshwater becomes saltwater, and represents communities that are on that thin blue line depending on that point at which freshwater becomes saltwater. And if it were compromised, and if that saltwater were allowed to intrude by virtue of some of the provisions in this bill, he represents the front line of communities that would be very adversely impacted. 
Mr. Chairman, he is absolutely correct. In my district, if that freshwater doesn’t run through and run out to the ocean, the saltwater runs back in. I have two major cities in my district that rely on that for a source of water. If this bill were to pass, their water supply is in jeopardy. You can’t drink saltwater; it just doesn’t work. 
extreme drought. It is not due to a lack of pumping; it is not because of our State’s water regulations, and it is not because we are putting fish ahead of farms and people. It is because there is no rain and there is no snow. No bill can make it rain, but this bill makes a bad situation even worse. It is wrong for California. It won’t stop the drought; it won’t make it rain; but it will kill jobs, and it will ruin drinking water for millions of Californians. 
this bill because it ignores 20 years of established science and undermines our extensive efforts to implement equal measures to address longstanding water shortages. 
in California. We ignored science and we diverted water out of the Klamath River, and nearly 80,000 spawning salmon died. Communities were devastated and livelihoods were lost. 
This bill also sets a dangerous precedent for every other State in our country. California has longstanding water management rules. This bill overrides the very system of water regulations that Californians themselves devised to govern our State’s water supply. It tells local resource managers and water districts how to administer their water supply. 
every State in America that we are okay with the Federal Government undermining local experts and State laws from coast to coast. If that weren’t enough, this bill also undercuts longstanding environmental laws. 
redefines the standard by which the Endangered Species Act is applied. This will weaken the law, increase the risk of species extinction, and lead to countless lawsuits and costly litigation. It is as if the majority is holding wildlife responsible for our lack of rain. 
about a little fish, the delta smelt, and how we are protecting fish at the expense of people. The truth is, as the gentleman from California mentioned, that protection of the smelt hasn’t prevented one drop of water from being pumped south since 2013. We haven’t pumped more water south because there simply isn’t enough water. We are in a drought. 
and demand reality of California’s water. I understand the concerns of the Central Valley farmers. I am a farmer myself. But if my well runs dry, the solution isn’t to steal the water from my neighbors. We need real solutions that are based on science and that work for everyone. This bill is not that solution. It is bad for California; it is bad for other States; it is bad for our environment. 
are stubborn things. According to the Bureau of Reclamation, biological opinions involving species did reduce Central Valley’s exports by 62,200 acre feet in 2014. Already this year, according to the Bureau of Reclamation, species have reduced Central Valley project waters to farmers by 280,000 acrefeet. Again, my source is the Bureau of Reclamation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), chairman of the House 
the other day, Topper Shutt in his broadcast, said, ‘‘Today is going to be a glorious day.’’ He obviously was talking about the sunshine outside, which means we should have done this bill yesterday so I could be on my deck right now, but that is beside the point. 
This is, though, a glorious day because we are finally doing a solution that helps people. Instead of just kicking the can down the road again for another year, we are going to find a solution to this problem, this problem of a drought that is affecting the entire 
West to such a degree that one would think that Nostradamus’ quatrains have come true. But what we are doing here is finding a solution. 
would simply say let’s pass more rain dances and hope something happens. What we are doing here is taking the advice of our pioneer forefathers and saying what we have, save. Do it as storage. And not just for California, but for the entire West. That is the purpose behind this particular bill. 
There are some concerns about environmental issues that may or may not have been wise to do in the past. That is not the concern of this bill. We are not stopping any of that. What we are doing is finding a creative way to provide for that, but also provide a way of getting water to people where they need it. 
did water projects and hydropower projects that helped us win the war. Now is the time to do water projects and hydropower projects to help us feed people in this Nation and in the entire world and to help out areas that have up to 50 percent unemployment. I have been down there and I have seen those particular communities, many of them first and secondgeneration Americans, minorities who only want to provide a decent living for themselves and for their families and to work. 
this problem so we can put people to work to provide food for this country and to provide jobs for people and to help people. That is what this bill is about: finally helping people with creative solutions. If the Romans could build an aqueduct system to move water, we can build a system to move water that actually helps people. This is about people. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ), my colleague from Los Angeles, a city that, frankly, is pioneering some of the most promising water management strategies we have in California, strategies that are reflected in our alternative bill, for which I am grateful Mr. CA´RDENAS is a 
cosponsor. They are stretching water supplies not just using imported water wisely, but managing recycled water, groundwater, treating storm water, working on the cutting edge. They deserve Federal support for those proven strategies, support that our colleagues across the aisle have withheld for too many years. 
thank my colleague for yielding me time. Thank you for your wonderful work always on these issues. 
here is a failure to communicate, a failure to communicate our priorities, but, more importantly, as legislators, a failure to work on compromise. California is currently facing a historic drought. We can no longer take water for granted. Every single Californian has been forced to examine how much we truly depend on clean, reliable water in our everyday lives. Cities, residents, and businesses around the State are cutting back, but it is not enough. Unless the Western United States experiences significant rainfall in the near future, we will see ghost towns in extreme hardship for the most atrisk populations of our State. 
media has been on brown lawns across the State and the rationing that is going on, the real impacts threaten the lives of hardworking families throughout our State. 
Take a trip through California’s Central Valley. There you will see the gravity of the situation. You will see unemployment rates double or triple the national average, forcing families into makeshift dwellings that remind us of the Hoovervilles during the Dust Bowl. These families aren’t thinking of their brown lawns. They are thinking of the fact that they have lost their home. These families want their jobs back. They want to go to work so that they can feed their children. 
alternatives are works in progress. We have to find a solution, but this bill is not it. 
challenges our constituents sent us here to solve, I am ready and willing to work with you, and with you, to make the necessary, tough decisions and compromises. 
most significant impacts, and Senators DIANNE FEINSTEIN and B ARBARA BOXER  
ways to capture and transport water in all parts of the State to meet the needs of the people and our economy while protecting the environment and delicate species. We must not use this time of need as a way to pick partisan fights. We have to find legislation that protects our environment while we also protect California families. 
Lives are at stake. Ladies and gentlemen, we need to come together and work together. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Interior and Environment of the House Appropriations Committee. 
Mr. Chairman, here we go again, debating solutions to California’s water woes, with each side making similar arguments we have heard for years. 
was standing in this very spot, in the middle of the debate of the last significant Western water law that Congress has passed. We passed the CALFED law 
California establish reliable and affordable water supplies that would help us get through dry spells like we are currently experiencing. 
So why are we back here again debating many of the same issues? The simplest answer to that question is we allowed the ‘‘don’t build anything’’ faction in California to block the critical investments we need to make in our State’s water infrastructure. 
The CALFED law authorized feasibility studies for large water storage projects like Temperance Flat, Sites Reservoir, Upper San Joaquin, expanding Los Vaqueros Reservoir and raising Shasta Dam. A decade later, our State’s population has grown by 3 million new residents, and those projects are still being studied. Think about that for a second. California’s population has grown the same amount as the population of the entire State of Iowa, and we haven’t made a significant investment in our water infrastructure to accommodate those residents. 
about these projects and start building them. Thankfully, the bill before us will move us in that direction by requiring our resource agencies to finally complete those decadelong feasibility studies. 
doesn’t help us in the short term, and it also requires excess water that can be diverted. That is why the Western Water and American Food Security Act injects commonsense and science in the operation of our water infrastructure. 
can’t afford to make the same mistakes we have made in the past and allow millions of gallons to flow out to the Pacific Ocean. Those wasted flows don’t benefit the environment, farmers, or California residents, and they must be directed to a higher, better use. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FORTEN BERRY ). The time of the gentleman has 
have a clear choice before us today. We can continue to listen to those who oppose investing in California’s water infrastructure and we can believe we can restrict our way out of this problem, or we can recognize that California’s situation today is far worse than it should be precisely because of our failure to build adequate water storage and restore more science and commonsense into our water policies that are operating today. 
I encourage all my colleagues to support the Western Water and American Food Security Act so that we can avoid being back here on the House floor during California’s next drought having 
from California has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield 2 minutes to 
the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), from the Sacramento Valley. 
We have been here before. I have listened to my colleagues who are the proponents of this bill over the last 5 years. As the previous speaker said, we have gone down this path before. 
There really is a solution. Unfortunately, I guess all of us, in one way or another, hang on to our past rhetoric and ignore the opportunity that really demands our attention now to develop a comprehensive, good policy for California. 
There is a lot in this bill that goes in 
the proper direction, and it is an improvement over the past bills. There is no doubt about it. 
projects that are necessary, that is all good, dams and other kinds of programs and the aquifer restoration. It is a good deal. However, in this bill, there are things that are very, very troublesome. 
You cannot mandate by law the operations of the water systems in California or anywhere else. You cannot specify how they will be operating because you do not know on a daytoday or a yeartoyear or a monthtomonth basis what is actually going to be on the ground. 
out those operating procedures should be removed. Goals, yes. Operating procedures, no. It just won’t work. 
State governments, if you were to move this bill forward into law, you would create chaos in California. Every paragraph, every comma, every word, in California water law—both in law and in court decisions—sets the precedent, but, unfortunately, this bill overrides that. 
We are very close to it. We can put 
this together. My colleague, Mr. HUFFMAN , has a proposal that is comprehensive, and it ought to be integrated into our programs and it ought to be integrated into this bill. But the kind of compromise and discussion that is necessary to develop a law that actually works has not been undertaken. 
I would urge my colleagues, the proponents of this bill, to slow it down, to let the State and Federal Governments continue to do what they are doing, and that is to operate this system to the maximum potential despite the fact that there is very, very little water. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. 
but we have to work together. Unfortunately, that has not occurred; so I urge my colleagues, the proponents of this bill, to take the time to meet with 
those of us who will be the losers if this bill moves forward. We can all be winners. 
HUFFMAN ’s legislation, which is comprehensive, which will work, and which could be integrated into this legislation. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, respectfully, when I was in the Central Valley in California, I saw chaos. It is already happening, and the people are desperate for a solution. 
years, continually, the Republicans have offered solutions and, continually, nearly all of the Democrats have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
the real solution the left wants is to idle over a million acres of farm ground in the San Joaquin Valley. This is why the forefathers of our State built a system that would withstand a drought of 5 years. 
everyone in this body—anyone who knows anything about water—knows that, if you don’t fix the plumbing in the delta, if you don’t deal with the San Joaquin River settlement and if you don’t build a few new storage projects, over a million acres of farm ground are going to go idle. 
most of my friends who are up here speaking on the left live in the coastal 
areas and get their water—they steal their water—from our area to give themselves pristine drinking water. That is what they do. 
Now we are going to be left with the 
chaos that has developed from over a million acres of farm ground coming out of production unless the Senate can take and act on this legislation quickly. 
before I was elected to Congress, I sat through an eyeopening meeting with representatives from the Natural Resources Defense Council and several local environmental activist groups. Hoping to convince me to support various water restrictions, they argued that San Joaquin Valley farmers should stop growing alfalfa and cotton in order to save water—though they allowed that the planting of highvalue crops such as almonds could continue. 
groups’ overall vision for the San Joaquin Valley, they told me something astonishing: 
of farmland from production. They showed me maps that laid out their whole plan: From Merced all the way down to Bakersfield, and on the entire west side of the Valley as well as part of the east side, productive agriculture would end and the land would return to some ideal state of nature. I was stunned by the vicious audacity of their goal—and I quickly learned how dedicated they were to realizing it. 
HOW TO STEAL WATER AND GET AWAY WITH IT  
have pursued this goal in California with relentless determination. The method they have used to depopulate the targeted land—water deprivation—has been ruthless and effective. 
blame the San Joaquin Valley’s water shortage on drought, but that is merely an aggravating factor. From my experience representing California’s agricultural heartland, I know that our water crisis is not an unfortunate natural occurrence; it is the intended result of a longterm campaign waged by radical environmentalists who resorted to political pressure as well as profuse lawsuits. 
judges and friendly federal and state officials, environmental groups have gone to extreme lengths to deprive the San Joaquin Valley, the heart of much of the U.S. agricultural production, of muchneeded water. Consider the following actions they took: 
Backed by the NRDC, Sierra Club and other extreme environmental groups, large Democratic majorities in Congress passed the CVPIA in 1992 after attaching it to a must pass public lands bill. The act stipulated that 800,000 acrefeet of water—or 260 billion gallons—on the Valley’s west side had to be diverted annually to environmental causes, with an additional 400,000 acrefeet later being diverted annually to wildlife refuges. 
Smelt and salmon biological opinions: Lawsuits filed by the NRDC and similar organizations forced the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service to issue, respectively, biological opinions on smelt (in 2008) and on salmon (in 2009). These opinions virtually ended operation of the Jones and Banks pumping plants—the two major pumping stations that move San Joaquin River Delta water—and resulted in massive diversions of water for environmental purposes. 
nearly two decades of litigation related to a lawsuit filed in 1988 by the National Resources Defense Council, Sierra Club and other environmental groups, San Joaquin Valley agriculture organizations agreed to a settlement in 2006, later approved by a Democratic Congress and signed into law by President Obama. The settlement created the San Joaquin River Restoration Program. The program, which aims to create salmon runs along the San Joaquin River, required major new water diversions from Valley communities. Despite warnings from me and other California Republicans, agriculture groups naively approved the settlement based on false promises by the settlement’s supporters that Valley water supplies would eventually be restored at some future, unspecified date. 
California Gov. Jerry Brown approved regulations requiring that water basins implement plans to achieve ‘‘groundwater sustainability’’—essentially limiting how much water locals can use from underground storage supplies. But these pumping restrictions, slated to take effect over the next decade, will reduce access to what has become the final water source for many Valley communities, which have increasingly turned to groundwater pumping as their surface water supplies were drastically cut. A LITANY OF HYPOCRISY  
As radical groups have pursued this campaign to dry up the San Joaquin Valley, it’s worth noting some of their stunning contradictions, hypocrisies, fallacies and failures: 
Environmentalists often claim that the California water crisis stems from the state not having enough water to satisfy its rapidly growing population, especially during a drought. 
water flowing into the Delta, which is the heart of California’s irrigation structure. Water that originates in the snowpack of the Sierra Nevada Mountains runs off into the Delta, which has two pumping stations that help distribute the water throughout the state. 
But on average, due to environmental regulations as well as a lack of water storage capacity (attributable, in large part, to activist groups’ opposition to new storage projects), 70% of the water that enters the Delta is simply flushed into the ocean. California’s water infrastructure was designed to withstand five years of drought, so the current crisis, which began about three years ago, should not be a crisis at all. During those three years, the state has flushed more than 2 million acrefeet of water—or 652 billion gallons—into the ocean due to the aforementioned biological opinions, which have prevented the irrigation infrastructure from operating at full capacity. 
Having deliberately reduced the California water supply through decades of litigation, the radicals now need a scapegoat for the resulting crisis. So they blame farmers (‘‘big agriculture,’’ as they call them) for using 80% of the state’s water. 
and some politicians, is a gross distortion. Of the water that is captured for use, farmers get 40%, cities get 10% and a full 50% goes to environmental purposes—that is, it gets flushed into the ocean. By arbitrarily excluding the huge environmental water diversion from their calculations—as if it is somehow irrelevant to the water crisis—environmentalists deceptively double the farmers’ usage from 40% to 80%. 
If at first you don’t succeed, do the exact 
same thing: Many of the Delta water cuts stem from the radicals’ litigation meant to protect salmon and smelt. Yet after decades of water reductions, the salmon population fluctuates wildly, while the smelt population has fallen to historic lows. The radicals’ solution, however, is always to dump even more water from the Delta into the ocean, even though this approach has failed time and again. 
really want to protect salmon and the Delta smelt, its a bit of a mystery why they also champion protections for the striped bass, a nonnative species that eats both salmon and smelt. 
Hetch Hetchy hypocrites: The San Francisco Bay Area provides a primary support base for many environmental groups. Lucky for them, their supporters don’t have to endure the kinds of hardships these organizations have foisted on San Joaquin Valley communities. 
water restrictions in the Valley, their Bay Area supporters enjoy an unimpeded water supply piped in across the state from the Hetch Hetchy reservoir in Yosemite National Park. 
This water is diverted around the Delta, meaning it does not contribute to the Delta’s water quality standards. Environmental groups have conveniently decided not to subject Hetch Hetchy water to any sort of litigation that would cut the supply to the Bay Area. 
to help: Government agencies that catch smelt as part of scientific population measurements actually kill more of the fish than are destroyed in the supposedly killer water pumps. 
Settlement is estimated already to have cost taxpayers $1.2 billion—and it’s clear to me that the total price tag will likely exceed $2 billion—in a disastrous effort to restore salmon runs to the San Joaquin River. 
success as reintroducing 500 salmon to the river, which means spending $4 million per fish. The salmon, which have not been in the river for more than half a century, have proved so incapable of sustaining themselves that agents have resorted to plucking them out of the water and trucking them wherever they are supposed to go. It is a badly kept secret among both environmentalists and federal officials that this project has already failed. 
claim they want to reverse human depredations in the Delta and restore fish to their natural habitat. Yet the entire Delta system is not natural at all. It’s a manmade network of islands that functions only thanks to upstream water storage projects. In fact, without man made storage projects, canals and dams, in dry years such as this the rivers would quickly run dry, meaning there would be no water and no fish. 
The radicals have pursued their plan methodically and successfully; between the CVPIA, the biological opinions, and the San Joaquin River Settlement, around a million acres of farmland have been idled. What’s left of the water supply is inadequate for sustaining Valley farming communities: South of the Delta, we now face an annual water supply deficit of approximately 2.5 million acre feet, or 815 billion gallons. 
In fact, with the state groundwater regulations announced last year, the radicals are poised to achieve their goal. The depletion of groundwater is a direct effect—and indeed, was an intended result—of the radicals’ assault on our surface water. 
communities can’t get surface water, they’ll predictably resort to ground water.) 
groundwater depletion they themselves engineered to justify regulating the groundwater supply. This is the final step in their program, since many farmers will not be able to keep growing food if they continue to receive zero water allocations and are restricted from tapping enough ground water. 
much longer, but the good news is that it’s not too late to save our communities. Led by the Valley’s Republican delegation, the U.S. House has passed legislation twice that would bring a longterm end to the water crisis. The solution comprises these three simple measures: 
Fix the San Joaquin River Settlement. Instead of continuing to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on an unworkable scheme to recreate salmon runs, we should turn the San Joaquin River into a yearround flowing river with recirculated water This approach would be good for the warmwater fish habitat and for recreation, and it would save taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars that will otherwise go down the salmonrun rat hole. 
new water projects. This should include building the Temperance Flat dam along the San Joaquin River, raising Shasta dam to increase its reservoir capacity, expanding the San Luis Reservoir and approving construction of the 
Sites Reservoir in the Sacramento Valley. Because water users themselves should rightfully pay for these projects, they would cost federal taxpayers zero dollars. 
water crisis, they would improve the environment for fish and wildlife—all while saving taxpayer dollars. 
I warned of the likely outcome of the radicals’ campaign in my testimony to a House committee back in 2009: 
‘‘Failure to act, and it’s over. You will witness the collapse of modern civilization in the San Joaquin Valley.’’ 
Valley if we don’t change our present trajectory. The solution passed twice by the U.S. House, however, was blocked by Senate Democrats, who were supported by the administration of Gov. Brown as well as the Obama administration. These Democrats need to begin speaking frankly and honestly with San Joaquin Valley communities, and with Californians more broadly, about the effects of idling 1.3 million acres of farmland. This will ruin not only Valley farming operations, but will wipe out entire swathes of associated local businesses and industries. 
The damage is not limited to the Valley. Although residents of coastal areas such as Los Angeles, the Bay Area and San Diego have been led to believe they are being subject to water restrictions due to the drought, that’s not actually true. As in the Valley, these areas and many others ultimately depend on the Delta pumps for their water supply. If the pumps had been functioning normally for the past decade, none of these cities would be undergoing a water crisis today. 
water reductions will not alleviate the crisis, leading to a drastic increase in restrictions in the nottoodistant future. Watering your lawn, washing your car and countless other everyday activities will be banned up and down California. In their mania to attack Central Valley farming, the radicals are inadvertently running the entire state out of water. 
agriculture, including water districts and— shockingly—even some San Joaquin Valley cities and counties, became part of the problem instead of the solution, having lent no support to the Housepassed water bills. Suffering from a strange kind of Stockholm Syndrome, many of these groups and agencies hope that if they meekly accept their fate, their overlords will magnanimously bestow a few drops of water on them. This mousy strategy, which willfully ignores 
what the radicals are really trying to achieve, hasn’t worked out well for growers of almonds and other highvalue crops. Although the radicals had been promising them a free pass back when the groups met with me in 2002, these growers have CS now become the radicals’ primary scapegoat for the water crisis. This condemnation is reflected in articles such as The Atlantic’s ‘‘The Dark Side of Almond Use,’’ The Guardian’s ‘‘Alarm as Almond Farms Consume California’s Water,’’ and Bloomberg View’s ‘‘Amid a Drought, Cue the Almond Shaming.’’ 
whose land will be forced out of production. One hopes the affected families will eventually find a more welcome home in some other state where those who wield power appreciate folks who grow our food instead of demonize them. 
But for now, the pitiless, decadeslong assault to deprive them of their livelihoods is hurtling toward its apex. Meanwhile, many of those capable of advancing a solution are content to wring their hands, blame global warming and continue whistling past the graveyard. 
Agriculture groups, water districts and municipalities that refuse to support the two Housepassed bills owe their constituents an alternative solution that will resolve our water shortfall. Water bureaucrats who ignore or oppose the most prominent, viable solutions while offering no alternative are, in effect, complicit in the radicals’ long struggle. They should publicly declare which land ought to come out of production and which Valley industries should be eliminated since they have no proposals to steer us away from that outcome. 
unity around constructive solutions. To paraphrase Benjamin Franklin, we must all hang together, or we will surely all hang separately. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). 
Mr. DENHAM. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding on this important issue. 
not voting for this bill because of the challenges they perceive are in it. The biggest problem with this bill is that it doesn’t do enough. 
water. We should be looking at the next generation. I want my kids to farm, but without new water supplies, we continue to see farmers go out of business. 
food supply as a country. You can’t farm with a zero allocation of water, which is why you see the high unemployment, which is why you see farmworkers who are going to be homeless and without jobs this year, which is why you will see more farms go out of business. 
This is a battle that has gone on for 
quite some time, but this bill deals with some very small issues that will be very significant this year. 
what our country is going to do with its water supplies and the greater storage that we are going to need in the future. 
Yet, we are dealing with some commonsense issues like predator fish? Why would we try to save fish only to allow them to be eaten by a nonnative fish that eats 98 percent of the fish that we are spending millions of dollars to preserve? 
That is not an environmental solution any more than trucking fish around a river because the river can’t handle the fish. 
If you want to be an extremist, be an 
extremist and deal with the commonsense solution here. This bill moves us in the right direction. 
and this will allow us to continue to have jobs in the Central Valley and a vibrant food supply for the rest of the country. 
morning, and we would ask for a bipartisan vote. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). 
Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015. 
My Water Rights Protection Act, incorporated as part of H.R. 2898, would uphold State water law and priority based systems and provide water users with a line of defense from increasingly brazen Federal attempts to take private water rights without compensation. 
longheld State water law, priority based systems, and our private priority rights. By extorting water rights from those who hold water rights under State law, the Federal Government is overreaching, violating private property rights and the U.S. Constitution. 
Federal land management agency attempts to take or to control private water rights and circumvent State law have put the ski community, grazers, municipalities, and local businesses at risk. 
vital to Colorado and to the Western U.S. when it pertains to water. Many businesses depend on them as collateral to be able to get loans, expand, and create jobs. 
need certainty that the Federal land management agencies are prohibited from future attempts to take privately held water rights. 
This legislation offers a sensible approach to preserve those rights. I urge its passage. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). 
but I don’t know how to work the tripod very well. But it is a very important issue, and this is a very important chart because many have asked: Why would somebody from Illinois come talk about a bill that has to do with water in California? 
almonds, 99 percent of the dates, and 99 percent of the kiwis that we eat in central Illinois, in my district, come from the Central Valley of California. All of those crops need water to grow. 
from California (Mr. VALADAO ) for introducing this bill. This is important to me because I have seen the Central Valley of California. I understand the importance of this industry to my consumers and as the subcommittee chairman on the House Agriculture Committee’s Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research. 
policies in Washington, D.C.—affect the price of food that my consumers pay back in Illinois and affect the many Californians living in the Central Valley who are dealing with this tremendous issue. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. I 
want to thank all of my colleagues who are here today and encourage them once more. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). 
Mr. Chairman, this year marks California’s fourth consecutive year of the drought. In California alone, over 37 million people are impacted by the drought. 
expected to be nearly $3 billion, and almost 19,000 agriculturerelated jobs will be lost as a result. 
of a lack of rain. It is the result of failed policies that have mismanaged critical water resources throughout the West. 
come before you today with a solution: the Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015. This vital bill will modernize our water infrastructure into the 21st century and will ensure that California is well equipped to handle future drought crises. 
bill and to stand with me as we work to provide Californians with the water resources they need. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). 
support of H.R. 2898, the Western Water and American Food Security Act. And I will give just a couple of examples. 
I live in the desert of southern California. I am not a northern California person, and I am not a Central Valley person, but I am a desert rat in California who understands water is imperative to all of our needs. 
right now is a 35 percent reduction in water. That is what they are requesting. All of our water companies have come forward and have said that they are raising the rates between 30 and 40 percent. 
reduce your water by 35 percent. You just cannot do it in a single family house. You can reduce. You can get down to about 10 or 15 percent. But when you are talking 35 percent, it just doesn’t happen. That is the life we are living in today. 
hour, and I have taken a few notes about what might happen if we pass this. 
One of the things that hit me was reignite the environmental wars, reignite the problems that we are having with water in California. 
there is a State in the Union that is going through as many adjudications of water than is happening in California right now. 
water wars or about reigniting the environmental wars, they are happening today, right now. 
adjudication that has been going on for 17 years. If we are talking about reigniting the environmental wars, it is happening right now, today. It is not just the delta smelt. It is the environmental impacts that we are putting on fish above people. 
issue where the Department of Water and Power from L.A. cannot release water down a canyon to help the people in the canyon because we have the stickleback fish in there. 
harm that fish; so they have reduced the water from 1,200 acrefeet a year to 300 acrefeet. The environmental wars are happening in California today. 
Mr. KNIGHT. If we do not do something today, then when? When do we do something? When do we go back to our constituents and say that we are actually working on the number one priority in California? A State without water is dead. 
I did a teletown hall 2 weeks ago. I 
took 18 phone calls in 1 hour. There were 17 phone calls that were on water, and on one phone call, he had no idea what he was talking about. But 17 phone calls out of 18 were on water. This is the number one priority. 
If not today, when? Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
have no more speakers, and we are prepared to close. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
would run roughshod over California State law with respect to water, with respect to the management of wildlife. 
It is a bill that would do harm to the 
Endangered Species Act and other environmental Federal laws. It is a bill that would, indeed, ignite a water war rather than seriously solve problems on this important issue. 
other serious voices that have examined this bill and the Democratic alternative. Take it from the Los Angeles Times. Take it from the San Francisco Chronicle. Take it from the Department of the Interior and from the Obama administration, which has issued a veto threat. 
on party lines each of the last few years, only to be parked in the Senate and go nowhere. It is high time that we start talking to each other and working with each other on serious, bipartisan solutions for our water challenges instead of playing party politics. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I 
would prefer to take it from the farmers who are desperate for water. These are people who have instituted conservation measures that cost them millions of dollars, changing their crops from things like lettuce and tomatoes to almond and pistachio trees with drip irrigation systems that conserve tremendous amounts of water. Still, those trees were allowed to dry up and die. 
remainder of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), the 
would like to begin by thanking so many on both sides of the aisle who worked very hard on this legislation. We spent months working on this. We have crafted it throughout the beginning of this Congress, and it has been an important bill. It is going to continue to be an important bill. We look forward to seeing who has the courage to stand up and actually vote to help the folks of California. 
going on out there in the valley and we see the faces of these people standing in the food lines, the people who have worked so hard for so many years to help build farms, to help build businesses for their families and we see those farmworkers who have come and had the opportunity to put their kids through school. Many of them end up in really great places, some of them even in Congress, like myself. You see so many different opportunities that come from the valley. 
have today, where we have literally been cut off from water, we have had years in the past decade where we have 
of snowpack, and we still get a small fraction of the contracted amounts. Now, today, we are down to zero. 
we have got to find a way to conserve water, we have got to find a way to save water, absolutely. We have done those things. We have implemented a lot of different programs, from drip irrigation, to change of crops, to even trying to breed better, more drought tolerant crops. 
We have done what we can. We do it 
in our homes; we have done it in the way we live our lives, but at the end of the day, you can’t conserve anything from zero because zero is nothing. There is nothing left. What it has done to our economy, what it has done to the people in the valley, what it has done to the Nation, what it has done to food costs across the Nation, when we look at all the different programs, when we are looking for a place to save money, food cost is having a huge impact on us all throughout the country. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2898 because it upends decades of state and federal water law and needlessly pits water users against one another. In the midst of California’s worst drought in its history, this bill mandates that certain interests come out ahead of others. 
California is currently in the fourth year of a 
punishing drought that has forced every resident to conserve water, has caused millions of acres of agricultural land to be fallowed, and places us at risk of major wildfires. But, this crisis should not be used as an excuse to permanently upend a century of water law and countless protections for threatened and endangered wildlife. 
of state and federal law, including California state water law and the California Constitution; the state and federal Endangered Species Acts; the National Environmental Policy Act; and the San Joaquin River Settlement Act. This list should set off alarm bells for any proponent of states’ rights or cooperative federalism. For over a century, the federal government has deferred to state water law whenever possible, but this bill unwinds that history entirely. 
And what do we gain by discarding a century of water law and species protections? According to the Department of Interior which manages the Delta collaboratively with the state, this bill ‘‘will not provide additional meaningful relief to those most affected by the drought.’’ Local conservationists predict that this bill would cause a complete extinction of the Delta smelt and would accelerate the decline of the wild salmon and steelhead runs in California which have been an important part of the Northern California economy since the mid19th century. 
will start a new water war in California, Congress should be providing immediate relief to droughtimpacted communities and should invest in longterm drought resilience measures such as conservation, recycling, and desalination, which would drastically increase the amount of water available to farmers in the 
sciencebased management of the delicate Delta infrastructure and would gut several of our most bedrock environmental laws. For these reasons I strongly oppose this legislation and I urge my colleagues to vote against it. 
Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chair, I rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 2898, the socalled ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’. 
Joaquin Delta, the largest estuary west of the Mississippi and the source of roughly half of California’s fresh water. Nearly 25 million Californians rely upon the Delta in one form or another for their drinking water supply. Additionally, many species depend on the habitats in and around the 700,000acre estuary for survival. Species in the Delta include birds and waterfowl like sand hill cranes, and fish like Chinook salmon, Central Valley steelhead and green sturgeon. Many of these species are unique to the Delta and found nowhere else on earth. H.R. 2898 would dramatically weaken protections for these ecosystems and for salmon, migratory birds, and other fish and wildlife in California’s BayDelta estuary, as well as the thousands of fishing jobs in California and Oregon that depend on the health of these species. 
environmental laws—is the primary reason for low water supplies across the state. California’s drought is real, and we need real solutions. However, H.R. 2898 does nothing to solve California’s severe water shortage or address drought across the West. Instead, this bill preempts state laws, reduces management flexibility, eliminates protections for salmon and other endangered species, and rolls back our nation’s fundamental environmental laws. 
drought. It permanently amends and overrides the requirements of the Endangered Species Act and other federal laws. The bill would also limit National Environmental Policy Act review for water projects, reducing transparency and eliminating the opportunity for local communities to provide input in the planning process. Moreover, several provisions of the bill would preempt state law, including section 313, which would override state laws, federal laws, a court order, and a binding settlement agreement to restore the San Joaquin River. 
California’s groundbreaking work to address the drought through the equitable implementation of water conservation programs, infrastructure improvements, and innovative water recycling initiatives. Water shortages are a result of four dry years, not the landmark environmental protections that this bill seeks to undermine. This bill will not make it rain. Permanently repealing proper environmental review will not solve the drought. 
problem—the lack of water—and would instead set a dangerous precedent of federal overreach for our state, and a repeal of America’s longstanding and effective environmental protections. As a Californian and a Delta 
member, I strongly oppose H.R. 2898, due to the negative impact that this bill would have on my constituents and the environment. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–23. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE I—ADJUSTING DELTA SMELT MANAGEMENT BASED ON INCREASED REAL TIME MONITORING AND UPDATED SCIENCE 
TITLE II—ENSURING SALMONID MANAGEMENT IS RESPONSIVE TO NEW SCIENCE 
TITLE IX—ACCELERATED REVENUE, REPAYMENT, AND SURFACE WATER STORAGE ENHANCEMENT 
State of Emergency issued by the Governor of the State on January 17, 2014, the State is experiencing record dry conditions. 
the State since 2012, and the drought conditions are likely to persist into the future. 
recordlow levels, as indicated by the fact that all major Central Valley Project reservoir levels were at 20–35 percent of capacity as of September 25, 2014. 
have also been reduced by 25 percent in the north of Delta region, and by 35 percent in the south of Delta region. 
fields are being flooded this fall, which leads to a significant decline in habitat for migratory birds and an increased risk of disease at the remaining wetlands due to overcrowding of such birds. 
against one another, which history shows only leads to costly litigation that benefits no one and prevents any real solutions. 
water service contractors, if it is assumed that a water supply deficit is the difference in the amount of water available for allocation versus the maximum contract quantity, then the water supply deficits that have developed from 1992 to 2014 as a result of legislative and regulatory changes besides natural variations in hydrology during this timeframe range between 720,000 and 1,100,000 acrefeet. 
Water Project water service contractors south of the Delta and north of the Tehachapi mountain range, if it is assumed that a water supply deficit is the difference between reliable water supplies, including maximum water contract deliveries, safe yield of groundwater, safe yield of local and surface supplies and longterm contracted water transfers, and water demands, including water demands from agriculture, municipal and industrial and refuge contractors, then the water supply deficit ranges between approximately 2,500,000 to 2,700,000 acrefeet. 
Valley Project and State Water Project delta pumps identifies that, on average from Water Year 2009 to Water Year 2014, take of Delta smelt is 80 percent less than allowable take levels under the biological opinion issued December 15, 2008. 
Interagency Ecological Program located in the SacramentoSan Joaquin Estuary identifies that, on average from 2005 to 2013, the program ‘‘takes’’ 3,500 delta smelt during annual surveys with an authorized ‘‘take’’ level of 33,480 delta smelt annually—according to the biological opinion issued December 9, 1997. 
was known in 2008 concerning conditions and operations that may or may not lead to high salvage events that jeopardize the fish populations, and what alternative management actions can be taken to avoid jeopardy. 
species’’ means listed salmonid species and the Delta smelt. 
term survival’’ means to reduce appreciably the likelihood of the survival of a listed species in the wild by reducing the reproduction, numbers, or distribution of that species. 
FLOW OF ¥5,000 CUBIC FEET PER SEC OND.—The term ‘‘OMR flow of ¥5,000 cubic feet 
per second’’ means Old and Middle River flow of negative 5,000 cubic feet per second as described in— 
‘‘salmonid biological opinion’’ means the biological opinion issued by the National Marine Fisheries Service on June 4, 2009. 
‘‘smelt biological opinion’’ means the biological opinion on the LongTerm Operational Criteria and Plan for coordination of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project issued by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on December 15, 2008. 
TITLE I—ADJUSTING DELTA SMELT MANAGEMENT BASED ON INCREASED REAL TIME MONITORING AND UPDATED SCIENCE 
the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
means the fish species with the scientific name Hypomesus transpacificus. 
than October 1, 2016, and at least every five years thereafter, the Director, in cooperation with other Federal, State, and local agencies, shall use the best scientific and commercial data available to complete a review and, modify the method used to calculate the incidental take levels for adult and larval/juvenile Delta smelt in the smelt biological opinion that takes into account all life stages, among other considerations— 
prespawning adult Delta smelt using the Fall Midwater Trawl Index or other index; 
that would have occurred from 1993 through 2012 if OMR flow has been consistent with the smelt biological opinions; 
best scientific and commercial data available to implement, continuously evaluate, and refine or amend, as appropriate, the reasonable and prudent alternative described in the smelt biological opinion, and any successor opinions or court order. The Secretary shall make all significant decisions under the smelt biological opinion, or any successor opinions that affect Central Valley Project and State Water Project operations, in writing, and shall document the significant facts upon which such decisions are made, consistent with section 706 of title 5, United States Code. 
additional surveys, on an annual basis at the appropriate time of the year based on environmental conditions, in collaboration with other Delta science interests. 
available for the detection of Delta smelt to determine the extent that adult Delta smelt are distributed in relation to certain levels of turbidity, or other environmental factors that may influence salvage rate; and 
1, 2015, and ending March 31, 2016, and in each successive December through March period, if suspended sediment loads enter the Delta from the Sacramento River and the suspended sediment loads appear likely to raise turbidity levels in the Old River north of the export pumps from values below 12 Nephelometric Turbidity Units (NTU) to values above 12 NTU, the Secretary shall— 
should be changed in the short or long term to provide more useful data. 
2016, and at least every five years thereafter, the Secretary, in collaboration with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, the California Department of Water Resources, public water agencies, and other interested entities, shall implement new targeted sampling and monitoring specifically designed to understand Delta smelt abundance, distribution, and the types of habitat occupied by Delta smelt during all life stages. 
abundance, distribution, habitat use, and movement throughout the Delta, Suisun Marsh, and other areas occupied by the Delta smelt during all seasons; 
existing monitoring programs, including wetland channels, nearshore water, depths below 35 feet, and shallow water; and 
gear, best suited to collect the most accurate data for the type of sampling or monitoring. 
State Water Project water supplies, manage export pumping rates to achieve a reverse OMR flow rate of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second unless 
about realtime conditions relevant to the determinations of OMR reverse flow rates, including— 
in the Old River pursuant to this section, including monitoring in the vicinity of Station 902, indicates that a significant negative impact on the longterm survival of the Delta smelt is imminent; and 
second or higher will cause a significant negative impact on the longterm survival of the Delta smelt; 
manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second is necessary to 
avoid a significant negative impact on the long term survival of the Delta smelt, including an explanation of the data examined and the connection between those data and the choice 
OMR.—Within 90 days of the enactment of this title, the Secretary is directed, in consultation with the California Department of Water Resources to revise the method used to calculate reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers for implementation of the reasonable and prudent alternatives in the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding biological opinions, for the purpose of increasing Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supplies. The method of calculating reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers shall be reevaluated not less than every five years thereafter to achieve maximum export pumping rates within limits established by the smelt biological opinion, the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding biological opinions. 
TITLE II—ENSURING SALMONID MANAGEMENT IS RESPONSIVE TO NEW SCIENCE 
‘‘other affected interests’’ means the State of California, Indian tribes, subdivisions of the State of California, public water agencies and those who benefit directly and indirectly from the operations of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project. 
the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
biological opinion allows for and anticipates adjustments in Central Valley Project and State Water Project operation parameters to reflect the best scientific and commercial data currently available, and authorizes efforts to test and evaluate improvements in operations that will meet applicable regulatory requirements and maximize Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supplies and reliability. Implementation of the reasonable and prudent alternative described in the salmonid biological opinion shall be adjusted accordingly as new scientific and commercial data are developed. The Commissioner and the Assistant Administrator shall fully utilize these authorities as described below. 
to those of the underlying project operational parameters in the salmonid biological opinion, taking into account both— 
ADVERSE EFFECT OF ADJUSTMENTS TO OPERATIONS .—Not later than December 31, 2015, and 
every five years thereafter, the Assistant Administrator shall, in collaboration with the Director of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, based on the best scientific and commercial data available and for each listed salmonid species, issue estimates of the increase in through Delta survival the Secretary expects to be achieved— 
rates as specified by Action IV.2.3 as compared to limiting OMR flow to a fixed rate of ¥5,000 
cubic feet per second within the time period Action IV.2.3 is applicable, based on a given rate of San Joaquin River inflow to the Delta and holding other relevant factors constant; 
that may provide equivalent or better protections for listed species while maximizing export pumping rates without causing a significant negative impact on the longterm survival of a listed salmonid species; and 
of conservation hatchery programs for salmon and steelhead to aid in the recovery of listed salmon and steelhead species. 
Assistant Administrator shall make quantitative estimates of survival such as a range of percentage increases in throughDelta survival that could result from the management measures, and if the scientific information is lacking for quantitative estimates, shall do so on qualitative terms based upon the best available science. 
to the species from different management measures based on the best scientific and commercial data available at the time. 
survival rates for listed salmonid species’’ shall mean an increase in throughDelta survival rates that is equivalent when considering the change in throughDelta survival rates for the listed salmonid species in the aggregate, and not the same change for each individual species, as long as the change in survival rates will not cause a significant negative impact on the long term survival of a listed salmonid species. 
rates as specified by Action IV.2.3, as compared to limiting OMR flow to a fixed rate of ¥5,000 
cubic feet per second within the time period Action IV.2.3 is applicable. 
thereof, or local agency with jurisdiction has certified in writing within 10 calendar days to the Assistant Administrator that it has the authority and capability to implement the pertinent equivalent alternative measure; or 
less than the adverse consequences of the equivalent existing measure, including a concise evaluation of the adverse consequences to other affected interests. 
SALMONID BIOLOGICAL OPINION AND COORDI NATED OPERATION WITH THE DELTA SMELT BIOLOGICAL OPINION .— 
of the provisions of Actions IV.2.1. or IV.2.3 are imposed in any specific instance, the Assistant Administrator show that the implementation of these provisions in that specific instance is necessary to avoid a significant negative impact on the longterm survival of a listed salmonid species. 
and the Commissioner, in coordination with State officials as appropriate, shall establish operational criteria to coordinate management of OMR flows under the smelt and salmonid biological opinions, in order to take advantage of opportunities to provide additional water supplies from the coordinated implementation of the biological opinions. 
triggers described in the salmonid biological opinion Reasonable and Prudent Alternative (RPA), the Assistant Administrator and the Commissioner shall not limit OMR reverse flow to ¥5,000 cubic feet per second unless current 
monitoring data indicate that this OMR flow limitation is reasonably required to avoid a significant negative impact on the longterm survival of a listed salmonid species. 
the districts, in consultation with the Director, shall jointly develop and conduct a nonnative predator fish removal program to remove nonnative striped bass, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, black bass, and other nonnative predator fish species from the Stanislaus River. The program shall— 
program shall be the joint responsibility of the Secretary and the districts. Such parties shall work collaboratively to ensure the performance of the program, and shall discuss and agree upon, among other things, changes in the structure, management, personnel, techniques, strategy, data collection, reporting, and conduct of the program. 
Secretary and the districts, the program may be conducted by their own personnel, qualified private contractors hired by the districts, personnel of, on loan to, or otherwise assigned to the National Marine Fisheries Service, or a combination thereof. 
notify the Secretary of their election on or before October 15 of each calendar year of the program. Such an election shall apply to the work performed in the subsequent calendar year. 
accept and use contributions of funds from the districts to carry out activities under the program. 
conduct the program activities otherwise scheduled for such following calendar year until such amount is contributed by the districts; and 
of the program until such amount is contributed by the districts. 
activities to be performed by the Secretary under the program, if any, in the next calendar year; or 
the 15th day of each month, the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the National Marine Fisheries Service a tabular summary of the raw data collected under the program in the preceding month. 
found to be consistent with the requirements of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act 
(Public Law 102–575). No provision, plan or definition established or required by the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575) shall be used to prohibit the imposition of the program, or to prevent the accomplishment of its goals. 
predators, and other competitors which contribute to the decline of native listed pelagic and anadromous species that occupy the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers and their tributaries and the SacramentoSan Joaquin BayDelta; and 
species, including Asiatic clams, silversides, gobies, Brazilian water weed, largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, striped bass, crappie, bluegill, white and channel catfish, and brown bullheads. 
‘‘Central Valley Project’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3403 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4707). 
Water Project’’ means the water project described by California Water Code section 11550 et seq. and operated by the California Department of Water Resources. 
such that in any year that the Sacramento Valley Index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the 
years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Secretaries shall provide the maximum quantity of water supplies practicable to all individuals or district who receive Central Valley Project water under water service or repayments contracts, water rights settlement contracts, exchange contracts, or refuge contracts or agreements entered into prior to or after the date of enactment of this title; State Water Project contractors, and any other tribe, locality, water agency, or municipality in the State, by approving, consistent with applicable laws (including regulations), projects and operations to provide additional water supplies as quickly as practicable based on available information to address the emergency conditions. 
the authority of the Secretaries not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretaries receive a completed application from the State to place and use temporary barriers or operable gates in Delta channels to improve water quantity and quality for the State Water Project and the Central Valley Project south of Delta water contractors and other water users, on the condition that the barriers or operable gates— 
under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) are not necessary; 
Fish and Wildlife Service and the Commissioner of Reclamation— 
the date on which the Director or the Commissioner receives a complete written request for water transfer, all requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) necessary to make final permit decisions on the request; and 
such that in any year that the Sacramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Secretaries of Commerce and the Interior, in consultation with appropriate State officials, shall develop a drought operations plan that is consistent with the provisions of this Act including the provisions that are intended to provide additional water supplies that could be of assistance during the current drought. 
under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); 
of Water Resources to install a deflection barrier at Georgiana Slough in coordination with Delta Cross Channel Gate diurnal operations to protect migrating salmonids, consistent with knowledge gained from activities carried out during 2014 and 2015; 
appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate a notice and explanation on the extent to which the gates are able to remain open. 
For the period of time such that in any year 
that the Sacramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation shall continue to vary the averaging period of the Delta Export/Inflow ratio pursuant to the California State Water Resources Control Board decision D1641— 
ratio with a 3day averaging period on the rising limb of a Delta inflow hydrograph; and 
spent carrying out environmental reviews and to deliver water quickly that is needed to address emergency drought conditions in the State during the duration of an emergency drought declaration, the Secretaries shall, in carrying out this Act, consult with the Council on Environmental Quality in accordance with section 1506.11 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (including successor regulations), to develop alternative arrangements to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) during the emergency. 
this section, a Secretary may deem a project to be in compliance with all necessary environmental regulations and reviews if the Secretary determines that the immediate implementation of the project is necessary to address— 
depends for 25 percent or more of its tax revenue 
used to support public services including schools, fire or police services, city or county health facilities, unemployment services or other associated social services. 
The Secretaries shall, consistent with applicable laws (including regulations)— 
Rivers at ¥6,100 cubic feet per second if real 
cubic feet per second or more negative can be established for specific periods without causing a significant negative impact on the longterm survival of the Delta smelt, or if realtime monitoring does not support flows of ¥6,100 cubic 
feet per second than manage OMR flows at ¥5,000 cubic feet per second subject to section 
any changes to realtime operations of the Bureau of Reclamation, State, and local water projects that could result in the availability of additional water supplies. 
ACTAUTHORIZATIONS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretaries may continue to impose any requirements under the smelt and salmonid biological opinions during any period of temporary operational flexibility as they determine are reasonably necessary to avoid an additional significant negative impacts on the longterm survival of a listed fish species beyond the range of those authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, provided that the requirements imposed do not reduce water supplies available for the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project. 
under this section shall be consistent with applicable regulatory requirements under State law. 
flush of sediment out of the Delta in each water year, and provided that such determination is based upon objective evidence, OMR flow may be managed at rates less negative than ¥5,000 
cubic feet per second for a minimum duration to avoid movement of adult Delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus) to areas in the southern Delta that would be likely to increase entrainment at Central Valley Project and State 
this section, the Commissioner of Reclamation, in coordination with the Fish and Wildlife Service, National Marine Fisheries Service, and California Department of Fish and Wildlife, shall undertake a monitoring program and other data gathering to ensure incidental take levels are not exceeded, and to identify potential negative impacts and actions, if any, necessary to mitigate impacts of the temporary operational flexibility to species listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
this section, the Commissioner is authorized to take any action necessary to implement this section for up to 56 cumulative days. If during the 56 cumulative days the Commissioner determines that actions necessary to implement this section will exceed 56 days, the Commissioner shall use the emergency consultation procedures under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and its implementing regulation at section 402.05 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, to temporarily adjust the operating criteria under the biological opinions— 
ensure that the actual flow rates during the periods of temporary operational flexibility do not count toward the 5day and 14day running averages of tidally filtered daily OMR flow requirements under the biological opinions, or 
or to take other urgent actions to address water supply shortages for the least amount of time or volume of diversion necessary as determined by the Commissioner. 
Secretary shall take all necessary actions to facilitate and expedite transfers of Central Valley Project water in accordance with— 
water is coming, the agency, or the Secretary shall determine if a written transfer proposal is complete within 45 days after the date of submission of the proposal. If the contracting district or agency or the Secretary determines that the proposal is incomplete, the district or agency or the Secretary shall state with specificity what must be added to or revised for the proposal to be complete.’’; and 
Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575) is amended— 
than under section 308 of this Act or to take urgent actions to address water supply shortages for the least amount of time or volume of diversion necessary as determined by the Commissioner of Reclamation, no mitigation measures shall be required during any year that the Sacramento Valley index is 6.5 or lower, or at the request of the State of California, and until two succeeding years following either of those events have been completed where the final Sacramento Valley Index is 7.8 or greater, and any mitigation measures imposed must be based on quantitative data and required only to the extent that such data demonstrates actual harm to species. 
to work with local water and irrigation districts in the Stanislaus River Basin to ascertain the water storage made available by the Draft Plan of Operations in New Melones Reservoir (DRPO) for water conservation programs, conjunctive use projects, water transfers, rescheduled project water and other projects to maximize water storage and ensure the beneficial use of the water resources in the Stanislaus River Basin. All such programs and projects shall be implemented according to all applicable laws and regulations. The source of water for any such storage program at New Melones Reservoir shall be made available under a valid water right, consistent with the State of California water transfer guidelines and any other applicable State water law. The Commissioner shall inform the Congress within 18 months setting forth the amount of storage made available by the DRPO that has been put to use under this program, including proposals received by the Commissioner from interested parties for the purpose of this section. 
with the Sacramento Water Forum, shall expedite evaluation, completion and implementation of the Modified Lower American River Flow Management Standard developed by the Water Forum in 2015 to improve water supply reliability for Central Valley Project American River water contractors and resource protection in the lower American River during consecutive dryyears under current and future demand and climate change conditions. 
the California Fish and Game Code, and all applicable Federal laws, including the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (Public Law 111–11) and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. Civ. S–88–1658–LKK/GGH), shall be satisfied by the existence of a warm water fishery in the San Joaquin River below Friant Dam, but upstream of Gravelly Ford. 
the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘warm water fishery’’ means a water system that has an environment suitable for species of fish other than salmon (including all subspecies) and trout (including all subspecies). 
section, the Secretary of the Interior shall cease any action to implement the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act (subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11) and the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. Civ. S–88–1658 LKK/GGH). 
By December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the Interior shall develop and implement a program, including rescheduling guidelines for Shasta and Folsom Reservoirs, to allow existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed, and refuge service and municipal and industrial water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed and the American River Watershed to reschedule water, provided for under their Central Valley Project contracts, from one year to the next; provided, that the program is consistent with existing rescheduling guidelines as utilized by the Bureau of Reclamation for rescheduling water for Central Valley Project water service contractors that are located South of the Delta. 
this Act, the reclamation laws, the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (title XXXIV of Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706), the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and other applicable law, for the purposes of determining feasibility the Secretary shall document, delineate, and publish costs directly relating to the engineering and construction of a water storage project separately from the costs resulting from regulatory compliance or the construction of auxiliary facilities necessary to achieve regulatory compliance; and 
with public water agencies that contract with the United States for Central Valley Project water and that are expected to participate in the cost pools that will be created for the projects proposed in the feasibility studies under this section. 
Temperance Flat Reservoir Project on the Upper San Joaquin River. 
findings related thereto shall have no effect on or applicability to the Secretary’s determination of feasibility of, or on any findings or environmental review documents related to— 
Project to be feasible, the Secretary shall manage the land recommended in the RMP for designation under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) in a manner that does not impede any environmental reviews, preconstruction, construction, or other activities of the Project, regardless of whether or not the Secretary submits any official recommendation to Congress under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act. 
If the Secretary of the Interior fails to provide 
the feasibility studies described in section 401 to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the times prescribed, the Secretary shall notify each committee chair individually in person on the status of each project once a month until the feasibility study for that project is provided to Congress. 
of the Interior shall confer with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in connection with the implementation of this Act on potential impacts to any consistency determination for operations of the State Water Project issued pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1. 
application of this Act, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife— 
pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1 that are applicable to the State Water Project; 
smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion, and as a consequence of the Department’s action, Central Valley Project yield is greater than it would have been absent the Department’s actions, then that additional yield shall be made available to the State Water Project for delivery to State Water Project contractors to offset losses resulting from the Department’s action. 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce pursuant to both this Act and section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that requires that diversions from the Sacramento River or the San Joaquin River watersheds upstream of the Delta be bypassed shall not be undertaken in a manner that alters the water rights priorities established by California law. 
this title alters the existing authorities provided to and obligations placed upon the Federal Government under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), as amended. 
and entities with water rights on the Sacramento River, the mandates of this section may be met, in whole or in part, through a contract with the Secretary of the Interior executed pursuant to section 14 of Public Law 76–260; 53 Stat. 1187 (43 U.S.C. 389) that is in conformance with the Sacramento River Settlement Contracts renewed by the Secretary of the Interior in 2005. 
water supply or fiscal impacts to individuals or districts who receive water from either the State Water Project or the United States under water rights settlement contracts, exchange contracts, water service contracts, repayment contracts, or water supply contracts; or 
fiscal impacts to those within the Sacramento River watershed, the San Joaquin River watershed or the State Water Project service area. 
or amend the rights and obligations of the parties to any existing— 
quantities in a ‘‘Below Normal’’ year that is preceded by an ‘‘Above Normal’’ or a ‘‘Wet’’ year. 
quantities in a ‘‘Dry’’ year that is preceded by a ‘‘Below Normal,’’ an ‘‘Above Normal,’’ or a ‘‘Wet’’ year. 
the allocation percentage for existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed shall not be less than twice the allocation percentage to southofDelta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors, up to 100 percent; provided, that nothing herein shall preclude an allocation to existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed that is greater than twice the allocation percentage to southofDelta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors. 
Sacramento River water rights, including those with Sacramento River Settlement Contracts, that have priority to the diversion and use of Sacramento River water over water rights held by the United States for operations of the Central Valley Project; 
substitute supply of water available to the San Joaquin River Exchange Contractors; and 
contract that addresses municipal and industrial water shortage policies of the Secretary; 
The Secretary of the Interior shall develop and implement a program, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, to provide for the opportunity for existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed to reschedule water, provided for under their Central Valley Project water service contracts, from one year to the next. 
agricultural water service contractors within the Sacramento River Watershed’’ means water service contractors within the Shasta, Trinity, and Sacramento River Divisions of the Central Valley Project, that have a water service contract in effect, on the date of the enactment of this section, that provides water for irrigation. 
have the meaning given those year types in the Sacramento Valley Water Year Type (40–30–30) Index. 
existing obligation of the United States under Federal reclamation law to operate the Central Valley Project in conformity with State law, including established water rights priorities. 
of the Central Valley Project authorized under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706) shall include the area within the boundaries of the Kettleman City Community Services District, California, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act. 
the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4726) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Board, shall submit to Congress a plan for the 
expenditure of all of the funds deposited into the Restoration Fund during the preceding fiscal year. 
Restoration Fund Advisory Board (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Board’), which shall be composed of 11 members appointed by the Secretary. 
the Central Valley Project, including at least one agricultural user from northoftheDelta and one agricultural user from southofthe Delta; 
‘‘(ii) 2 members shall be municipal and industrial users of the Central Valley Project, including one municipal and industrial user from northoftheDelta and one municipal and industrial user from southoftheDelta; 
the Central Valley Project, including at least one power contractor from northoftheDelta and from southoftheDelta; 
‘‘(iv) 1 member shall be a representative of a 
Federal national wildlife refuge that contracts for Central Valley Project water supplies with the Bureau of Reclamation; and 
shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made and shall be subject to any conditions that applied with respect to the original appointment. 
member shall not expire before the date on which the successor of the member takes office. 
be removed from office by the Secretary of the Interior. 
Panel shall not be subject to the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
the appropriate agency head, the Advisory Board may use the facilities and services of any Federal agency. 
of the Interior shall provide the Panel with appropriate and adequate office space, together with such equipment, office supplies, and communications facilities and services as may be necessary for the operation of the Panel, and shall provide necessary maintenance services for such offices and the equipment and facilities located therein.’’. 
water, except Central Valley Project water released pursuant to U.S. Department of the Interior Record of Decision, Trinity River Mainstem Fishery Restoration Final Environmental Impact Statement/Environmental Impact Report dated December 2000 used to implement an action undertaken for a fishery beneficial purpose that was not imposed by terms and conditions existing in licenses, permits, and other agreements pertaining to the Central Valley Project under applicable State or Federal law existing on October 30, 1992, shall be credited to the quantity of Central Valley Project yield dedicated and managed under this section; provided, that nothing herein shall affect the Secretary of the Interior’s duty to comply with any otherwise lawful requirement imposed on operations of the Central Valley Project under any provision of Federal or State law. 
shall not be based upon any premise or assumption that Central Valley Project contract supplies are supplemental or secondary to any other contractor source of supply. 
After the date of the enactment of this title, 
and regardless of the date of listing, the Secretaries of the Interior and Commerce shall not distinguish between naturalspawned and 
hatcheryspawned or otherwise artificially propagated strains of a species in making any determination under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) that relates to any anadromous or pelagic fish species that resides for all or a portion of its life in the Sacramento San Joaquin Delta or rivers tributary thereto. 
power providers’’ includes the Calaveras County Water District, Calaveras Public Power Agency, Central San Joaquin Water Conservation District, Oakdale Irrigation District, Stockton East Water District, South San Joaquin Irrigation District, Tuolumne Utilities District, Tuolumne Public Power Agency, and Union Public Utilities District. 
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project’’ means all Federal reclamation projects located within or diverting water from or to the watershed of the Stanislaus and San Joaquin rivers and their tributaries as authorized by the Act of August 26, 1937 (50 Stat. 850), and all Acts amendatory or supplemental thereto, including the Act of October 23, 1962 (76 Stat. 1173). 
other provision of law, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into negotiations with interested local water and power providers for the transfer ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project to interested local water and power providers within the State of California. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the Secretary shall notify the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate— 
execution of an agreement for the transfer of ownership, control, and operation of the New Melones Unit, Central Valley Project to interested local water and power providers; 
discussions, hearing transcripts, negotiations, and other information about past and present formal discussions that— 
issues that prevent progress or finalization of formal discussions; or 
that the United States should take to finalize an agreement for that transfer. 
watersheds within major Reclamation river basins; and shall ensure timely decision and expedited implementation of adaptation and mitigation strategies developed through the special study process. 
shall be responsible for 100 percent of the cost of the special studies. 
accept and use contributions of funds from the nonFederal partners to carry out activities under the special studies. 
of the Trinity River Division of the Central Valley Project, shall not make releases from Lewiston Dam in excess of the volume for each water year type required by the U.S. Department of the Interior Record of Decision, Trinity River Mainstem Fishery Restoration Final Environmental Impact Statement/Environmental Impact Report dated December 2000. 
Section 3402 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4706) is amended— 
and wildlife purposes by this title is replaced and provided to Central Valley Project water contractors by December 31, 2018, at the lowest cost reasonably achievable; and 
Section 3403 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4707) is amended— 
native stocks of salmon (including steelhead) and sturgeon that, as of October 30, 1992, were present in the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers and their tributaries and ascend those rivers and their tributaries to reproduce after maturing in San Francisco Bay or the Pacific Ocean;’’; 
flows capable of being maintained taking into account competing consumptive uses of water and economic, environmental, and social factors.’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water Supply 
administered by the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, exclusive of any easement, rightofway, lease, or any private holding. 
Bureau of Reclamation is established as the lead agency for purposes of coordinating all reviews, analyses, opinions, statements, permits, licenses, or other approvals or decisions required under Federal law to construct qualifying projects. 
the qualifying project or any review, analysis, opinion, statement, permit, license, or other approval or decision associated therewith; or 
qualifying project or conduct any review of such a project or make any decision with respect to such project in a manner other than in cooperation with the Bureau. 
qualifying project is being considered may choose, consistent with State law— 
issuing a permit, license, or approval for the qualifying project. 
cooperating agencies of proposed qualifying projects not later than 30 days after receipt of a proposal and facilitate a preapplication meeting for prospective applicants, relevant Federal and State agencies, and Indian tribes to— 
throughout the Federal agency review process, identify and obtain relevant data in a timely manner, and set necessary deadlines for cooperating agencies. 
project applicant and cooperating agencies to establish a project schedule. In establishing the schedule, the Bureau shall consider, among other factors— 
agencies and the nonFederal qualifying project sponsor, as applicable; 
resources that may be affected by the qualifying project. 
unified environmental review document for each qualifying project application, incorporating a single environmental record on which all cooperating agencies with authority to issue approvals for a given qualifying project shall base project approval decisions. Help ensure that cooperating agencies make necessary decisions, within their respective authorities, regarding Federal approvals in accordance with the following timelines: 
of a completed project application when an environmental assessment and finding of no significant impact is determined to be the appropriate level of review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
the close of the public comment period for a draft environmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), when an environmental impact statement is required under the same. 
Maintain a consolidated administrative record of the information assembled and used by the cooperating agencies as the basis for agency decisions. 
practicable and consistent with Federal law, ensure that all project data is submitted and maintained in generally accessible electronic format, compile, and where authorized under existing law, make available such project data to cooperating agencies, the qualifying project applicant, and to the public. 
manager for each qualifying project. The project manager shall have authority to oversee the project and to facilitate the issuance of the relevant final authorizing documents, and shall be responsible for ensuring fulfillment of all Bureau responsibilities set forth in this section and all cooperating agency responsibilities under section 705. 
notification of an application for a qualifying project, all cooperating agencies shall submit to the Bureau a timeframe under which the cooperating agency reasonably considers it will be able to complete its authorizing responsibilities. The Bureau shall use the timeframe submitted under this subsection to establish the project schedule under section 704, and the cooperating agencies shall adhere to the project schedule established by the Bureau. 
agencies shall submit to the Bureau all environmental review material produced or compiled in 
under Federal law consistent with the project schedule established by the Bureau. 
notice in accordance with the Administrative Procedures Act (5 U.S.C. 553), may accept and expend funds contributed by a nonFederal public entity to expedite the evaluation of a permit of that entity related to a qualifying project. 
this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the evaluation of permits carried out using funds accepted under this section shall— 
the Bureau, or the Regional Director’s designee, of the region in which the qualifying project or activity is located; and 
would otherwise be required for the evaluation of permits for similar projects or activities not carried out using funds authorized under this section. 
out this section, the Secretary and the cooperating agencies receiving funds under this section for qualifying projects shall ensure that the use of the funds accepted under this section for such projects shall not— 
shall ensure that all final permit decisions carried out using funds authorized under this section are made available to the public, including on the Internet. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Project Streamlining Act’’. 
term ‘‘environmental impact statement’’ means the detailed statement of environmental impacts of a project required to be prepared pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
review process’’ means the process of preparing an environmental impact statement, environmental assessment, categorical exclusion, or other document under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for a project study. 
term ‘‘Federal jurisdictional agency’’ means a Federal agency with jurisdiction delegated by law, regulation, order, or otherwise over a review, analysis, opinion, statement, permit, license, or other approval or decision required for a project study under applicable Federal laws (including regulations). 
surface water project, a project under the purview of title XVI of Public Law 102–575, or a rural water supply project investigated under Public Law 109–451 to be carried out, funded or operated in whole or in party by the Secretary pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). 
sponsor’’ means a State, regional, or local authority or instrumentality or other qualifying entity, such as a water conservation district, irrigation district, water conservancy district, joint powers authority, mutual water company, canal company, rural water district or association, or any other entity that has the capacity to contract with the United States under Federal reclamation law. 
means a feasibility study for a project carried out pursuant to the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). 
project study initiated by the Secretary, after the date of enactment of this Act, under the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto, shall— 
project area, region, and headquarters levels of the Bureau of Reclamation concurrently conduct the review required under this section. 
partner that the project study has been delayed; and 
as to the nature or effects of the project; and 
as to the economic or environmental costs or benefits of the project. 
makes a determination under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide written notice to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate as to the results of that determination, including an identification of the specific one or more factors used in making the determination that the project is complex. 
process for completing federally mandated reviews that the Secretary is required to complete as part of the study, including the environmental review process under section 805; 
review, analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or 
issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study; and 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and make publicly available a report that describes— 
planning process under this section, including the number of participating projects; 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and make publicly available a report that describes— 
section, including a description of each project study subject to the requirements of this section; 
project study initiated before the date of enactment of this Act; and 
is justified in a completed report, proceed directly to preconstruction planning, engineering, and design of the project in accordance with the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto. 
the date of enactment of this Act and for which an environmental impact statement is prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
Secretary, to other project studies initiated before the date of enactment of this Act and for which an environmental review process document is prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
nonfederally owned and operated surface water storage project for which the Secretary determines there is a demonstrable Federal interest and the project— 
under this section may be exercised, and any requirement established under this section may be satisfied, for the conduct of an environmental review process for a project study, a class of project studies, or a program of project studies. 
substantial progress toward the completion of the project study. 
and implement a coordinated environmental review process for the development of project studies. 
of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the requirements of section 1506.8 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), including the concurrence of the proposed joint lead agency, a project sponsor may serve as the joint lead agency. 
serve as a joint lead agency with the Federal lead agency for purposes of preparing any environmental document under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
document under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) required in support of any action or approval by the Secretary if— 
(II) the project sponsor complies with all requirements applicable to the Secretary under— 
(cc) any other applicable Federal law; and (III) the Secretary approves and adopts the 
document before the Secretary takes any subsequent action or makes any approval based on that document, regardless of whether the action or approval of the Secretary results in Federal funding. 
the project sponsor is appropriately supplemented to address any changes to the project the Secretary determines are necessary. 
environmental document prepared in accordance with this subsection shall be adopted and used by any Federal agency making any determination related to the project study to the same extent that the Federal agency could adopt or use a document prepared by another Federal agency under— 
process for any project study, the Federal lead agency shall have authority and responsibility— 
proper and within the authority of the Federal lead agency to facilitate the expeditious resolution of the environmental review process for the project study; and 
review, analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or 
issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study. 
review process is being implemented by the Secretary for a project study within the boundaries of a State, the State, consistent with State law, may choose to participate in the process and to make subject to the process all State agencies 
analysis, opinion, or statement for the project study; or 
issuing a permit, license, or other approval or decision for the project study. 
Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Bureau of Reclamation Project Streamlining Act) shall govern the identification and the participation of a cooperating agency. 
Federal agency that is invited by the Federal lead agency to participate in the environmental review process for a project study shall be designated as a cooperating agency by the Federal lead agency unless the invited agency informs the Federal lead agency, in writing, by the deadline specified in the invitation that the invited agency— 
(iii) does not have adequate funds to participate in the project; and 
participating or cooperating agency under this subsection shall not imply that the participating or cooperating agency— 
under other applicable law concurrently and in conjunction with the required environmental review process, unless doing so would prevent the participating or cooperating agency from conducting needed analysis or otherwise carrying out those obligations; and 
policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of the environmental review process in a timely, coordinated, and environmentally responsible manner. 
agency shall serve in that capacity for the entirety of all nonFederal projects that will be integrated into a larger system owned, operated or administered in whole or in part by the Bureau of Reclamation. 
determines that a project can be expedited by a nonFederal sponsor and that there is a demonstrable Federal interest in expediting that project, the Secretary shall take such actions as are necessary to advance such a project as a nonFederal project, including, but not limited to, entering into agreements with the nonFederal sponsor of such project to support the planning, design and permitting of such project as a nonFederal project. 
guidance regarding the use of programmatic approaches to carry out the environmental review process that— 
under that paragraph, consult with relevant Federal, State, and local governmental agencies, Indian tribes, and the public on the appropriate use and scope of the programmatic approaches; 
among relevant Federal, State, and local governmental agencies, and Indian tribes in undertaking programmatic reviews, especially with respect to including reviews with a broad geographical scope; 
analyses and data used in the environmental review process, the treatment of any deferred issues raised by Federal, State, and local governmental agencies, Indian tribes, or the public, and the temporal and special scales to be used to analyze those issues; 
(II) the role of the public in the creation of future tiered analysis; and 
State, and local governmental agencies, Indian tribes, and the public; 
(ii) FACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In establishing a schedule, the Secretary shall consider factors such as— 
sponsor, joint lead agency, and other relevant Federal and State agencies, as applicable; (III) the overall size and complexity of the 
(IV) the overall schedule for and cost of the 
of the affected participating and cooperating agencies and the project sponsor or joint lead agency, as applicable. 
agency shall establish the following deadlines for comment during the environmental review process for a project study: 
agencies and the public on a draft environmental impact statement, a period of not more than 60 days after publication in the Federal Register of notice of the date of public availability of the draft environmental impact statement, unless— 
LAWS .—In any case in which a decision under 
all decisions of the Federal agency relating to the project study have been made by the Federal agency, an additional notice that describes the number of decisions of the Federal agency that remain outstanding as of the date of the additional notice. 
this subsection reduces any time period provided for public comment in the environmental review process under applicable Federal law (including regulations). 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and maintain an electronic database and, in coordination with other Federal and State agencies, issue reporting requirements to make publicly available the status and progress with respect to compliance with applicable requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal, State, or local approval or action required for a 
the cooperating agencies, and any participating agencies shall work cooperatively in accordance with this section to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of the environmental review process or result in the denial of any approval required for the project study under applicable laws. 
shall make information available to the cooperating agencies and participating agencies as early as practicable in the environmental review process regarding the environmental and socioeconomic resources located within the project area and the general locations of the alternatives under consideration. 
RESPONSIBILITIES .—Based on information received from the Federal lead agency, cooperating and participating agencies shall identify, as early as practicable, any issues of concern regarding the potential environmental or socioeconomic impacts of the project, including any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from granting a permit or other approval that is needed for the project study. 
under this paragraph shall be held not later than 21 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the request for the meeting, unless the Secretary determines that there is good cause to extend that deadline. 
a meeting under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify all relevant participating and cooperating agencies of the request, including the issue to be resolved and the date for the meeting. 
resolution cannot be achieved within the 30day period beginning on the date of a meeting under this paragraph and a determination is made by the Secretary that all information necessary to resolve the issue has been obtained, the Secretary shall forward the dispute to the heads of the relevant agencies for resolution. 
agency shall complete any required approval or decision for the environmental review process on an expeditious basis using the shortest existing applicable process. 
the preparation of an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement; or 
any type of review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) other than an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement. 
which an application for the permit, license, or approval is complete; and 
(II) the date that is 180 days after the date on 
which the Federal lead agency issues a decision on the project under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
transferred in a fiscal year as a result of a failure by an agency to make a decision by an applicable deadline shall not exceed an amount equal to 5 percent of the funds made available for the applicable agency office for that fiscal year. 
provision of law, for each fiscal year, the aggregate amount of financial penalties assessed against each applicable agency office under this Act and any other Federal law as a result of a failure of the agency to make a decision by an applicable deadline for environmental review, including the total amount transferred under this paragraph, shall not exceed an amount equal to 9.5 percent of the funds made available for the agency office for that fiscal year. 
lead agency, cooperating agencies, and project sponsor, as applicable, that— 
from public comments, or circumstances, including a major modification to an aspect of the project, requires additional analysis for the agency to make a decision on the project application; or 
to complete the review under the scheduled timeframe, including a description of the number of fulltime employees required to complete the review, the amount of funding required to complete the review, and a justification as to why not enough funding is available to complete the review by the deadline. 
(II) not later than 90 days after the date on 
which funds are transferred pursuant to this paragraph shall not reprogram funds to the office of the head of the agency, or equivalent office, to reimburse that office for the loss of the funds. 
paragraph affects or limits the application of, or obligation to comply with, any Federal, State, local, or tribal law. 
with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process should cooperate with each other, State and local agencies, and Indian tribes on environmental review and Bureau of Reclamation project delivery activities at the earliest practicable time to avoid delays and duplication of effort later in the process, prevent potential conflicts, and ensure that planning and project development decisions reflect environmental values; and 
any time by a State or project sponsor, the Secretary and other Federal agencies with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process, shall, to the maximum extent practicable and appropriate, as determined by the agencies, provide technical assistance to the State or project sponsor in carrying out early coordination activities. 
agency action in a court of the United States or in the court of any State; 
duty, or authority that a Federal, State, or local governmental agency, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provision of law applicable to projects. 
provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of a permit, license, or other approval issued by a Federal agency for a project study shall be barred unless the claim is filed not later than 3 years after publication of a notice in the Federal Register announcing that the permit, license, or other approval is final pursuant to the law under which the agency action is taken, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law that allows judicial review. 
new information received after the close of a comment period if the information satisfies the requirements for a supplemental environmental impact statement under title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (including successor regulations). 
supplemental environmental impact statement or other environmental document, if required under this section, shall be considered a separate final agency action and the deadline for filing a claim for judicial review of the action shall be 3 years after the date of publication of a notice in the Federal Register announcing the action relating to such supplemental environmental impact statement or other environmental document. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
excluded or could be the basis for developing a new categorical exclusion; and 
10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes the results of the assessment. 
each year, the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an annual report, to be entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Project Development’’, that identifies the following: 
each year, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a notice requesting proposals from nonFederal interests for proposed project studies and proposed modifications to authorized projects and project studies to be included in the annual report. 
in the Federal Register in order for the proposals to be considered for inclusion in the annual report. 
of each notice required by this subsection, the Secretary shall— 
Secretary shall include in the annual report only those project reports, proposed project studies, and proposed modifications to authorized projects and project studies that— 
(ii) require specific congressional authorization, including by an Act of Congress; 
(iii) have not been congressionally authorized; (iv) have not been included in any previous 
in the annual report, to the extent applicable and practicable, for each proposed project study and proposed modification to an authorized water resources development project or project study included in the annual report, the benefits, as described in clause (ii), of each such study or proposed modification. 
(ii) BENEFITS .—The benefits (or expected benefits, in the case of a proposed project study) described in this clause are benefits to— 
Secretary shall identify in the annual report, to the extent practicable— 
(ii) for each proposed project study and proposed modification to a project or project study included in the annual report, whether the non Federal interest has demonstrated— 
project study or proposed modification to an authorized project or project study (including the surface water storage development project that is the subject of the proposed feasibility study or the proposed modification to an authorized project study); and 
(II) the financial ability to provide the required nonFederal cost share. 
interest, including the name of any nonFederal interest that has contributed, or is expected to contribute, a nonFederal share of the cost of— 
modification is proposed; or (II) the proposed modification to a project; 
water report, proposed project study, or proposed modification to a project or project study from each associated nonFederal interest; 
modification is proposed, with respect to the change in costs resulting from such modification; or 
(II) the proposed modification to an authorized project; and 
modification is proposed, with respect to the benefits of such modification; or 
‘‘project report’’ means a final feasibility report developed under the Reclamation Act of 1902 (32 Stat. 388), and all Acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto. 
TITLE IX—ACCELERATED REVENUE, REPAYMENT, AND SURFACE WATER STORAGE ENHANCEMENT 
CONTRACTS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND CONTRACTORS OF FEDERALLY DEVELOPED WATER SUPPLIES. 
sum or by accelerated prepayment, of the remaining construction costs identified in water project specific irrigation rate repayment schedules, as adjusted to reflect payment not reflected in such schedule, and properly assignable for ultimate return by the contractor, or if made in approximately equal installments, no later than 3 years after the effective date of the repayment contract, such amount to be discounted by 
the Treasury rate. An estimate of the remaining construction costs, as adjusted, shall be provided by the Secretary to the contractor no later than 90 days following receipt of request of the contractor; 
available to aid in repayment of construction costs allocated to irrigation under the contract; and 
the remaining construction costs identified in water project specific municipal and industrial rate repayment schedules, as adjusted to reflect payments not reflected in such schedule, and properly assignable for ultimate return by the contractor. An estimate of the remaining construction costs, as adjusted, shall be provided by the Secretary to the contractor no later than 90 days after receipt of request of contractor. 
applicable settlement agreements and new constructed appurtenant facilities; and 
exchange and transfer contractual rights between the water users’ association, and the Bureau of Reclamation, or any rights, obligations, or relationships of the water users’ association and their landowners as provided under State law. 
Implementation of the provisions of this title shall not alter— 
amounts received as repayments by the Secretary under the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.). 
Construction of surface water storage under this section shall be made for the following purposes: 
means the designing, materials engineering and testing, surveying, and building of surface water storage including additions to existing surface water storage and construction of new surface water storage facilities, exclusive of any Federal statutory or regulatory obligations relating to any permit, review, approval, or other such requirement. 
rate’’ means the 20year Constant Maturity Treasury (CMT) rate published by the United States Department of the Treasury existing on the effective date of the contract. 
State laws that is eligible to enter into contracts with reclamation to receive contract water for delivery to and users of the water and to pay applicable charges; and 
The Reclamation Safety of Dams Act of 1978 is 
and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 5B, construction’’; and 
determines that additional project benefits, including but not limited to additional conservation storage capacity, are feasible and not inconsistent with the purposes of this Act, the Secretary is authorized to develop additional project benefits through the construction of new or supplementary works on a project in conjunction with the Secretary’s activities under section 2 of this Act and subject to the conditions described in the feasibility study, provided— 
additional project benefits through the construction of new or supplementary works on a project will promote more efficient management of water and waterrelated facilities; 
additional project benefits are agreed to in writing between the Secretary and project proponents and shall be allocated to the authorized purposes of the structure and repaid consistent with all provisions of Federal Reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902, 43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.) and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act.’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water Rights 
any surface or groundwater right filed, permitted, certified, confirmed, decreed, adjudicated, or otherwise recognized by a judicial proceeding or by the State in which the user acquires possession of the water or puts the water to beneficial use, including water rights for federally recognized Indian tribes. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall not— 
the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, rightofway, or other land use or occupancy agreement on— 
right, or the transfer of any water right (including joint and sole ownership), directly or indirectly to the United States or any other designee; or 
in whole or in part, granted or otherwise recognized under State law, by Federal or State adjudication, decree, or other judgment, or pursuant to any interstate water compact; 
State in evaluating, allocating, and adjudicating the waters of the State originating on or 
under, or flowing from, land owned or managed by the Federal Government. 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall— 
the States relating to evaluating, protecting, allocating, regulating, and adjudicating groundwater by any means, including a rulemaking, permitting, directive, water court adjudication, resource management planning, regional authority, or other policy; and 
and implementation by the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture of any rulemaking, policy, directive, management plan, or other similar Federal action so as to ensure that such actions are consistent with, and impose no greater restrictions or regulatory requirements than, State groundwater laws and programs. 
in this title limits or expands any existing legally recognized authority of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to issue, grant, or condition any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, rightofway, or other land use or occupancy agreement on Federal land subject to the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture, respectively. 
Nothing in this title interferes with Bureau of Reclamation contracts entered into pursuant to the reclamation laws. 
Nothing in this title affects the implementation of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
any existing or claimed reserved water rights of the Federal Government on land administered by the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture. 
to the amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–204. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–204. 
In the table of contents, in the matter regarding section 204, strike ‘‘calfed’’ and insert ‘‘CALFED’’. 
contracts’’ and insert ‘‘Except for those repayment contracts under which the contractor has previously negotiated for prepayment, all repayment contracts’’. 
and insert ‘‘Except for those repayment contracts under which the contractor has previously negotiated for prepayment, the following’’. 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and 
this amendment makes one technical change to the bill by capitalizing an acronym in the table of contents and makes one clarifying change to title IX by ensuring that those who have already negotiated prepayments of their debt to the U.S. Treasury are not impacted by provisions in that title. 
claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. HUFFMAN. I reserve the balance 
am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. 
again, I do not oppose this technical amendment to the bill, but I do want to point out that fixing typos and realphabetizing indexes and other technical changes do not fix the much deeper problems with this bill and do not change the reality that it is not going to become law because it has deep substantive problems that need to be addressed. 
as it has been in prior years, when essentially the same bill has been run through on party lines. 
does make technical changes that were agreed upon in committee, it speaks to, I think, a much larger question, which is the debate we have been having here, and that is: Is this, in fact, a work in progress? I submit that it is. 
be signed into law under its current form, and I think many of those who are supporting the legislation understand that; but we understand that, in fact, there is a crisis, a drought affecting every region of California. 
For those of us who feel very strongly about trying to maintain a strong agricultural economy, we know we have to work together. The fact is California produces half—half—of the Nation’s fruits and vegetables, and these are 300 commodities that are so important to not only America’s food supply but to a good healthy diet and to ensure that, in fact, we can compete around the world as it relates to ensuring that America remains independent in producing its own food. 
There is a lot at stake here. We need 
to work together as this process goes along. We will have serious areas of disagreement, but that doesn’t mean we can’t continue to work together. 
am prepared to close when the gentleman is finished. 
again, we don’t oppose this technical amendment, but we wish that there were substantive amendments that might address some of the deep flaws that have prevented this bill from having any chance of becoming law in prior years and will again this year. 
Representative Jared Huffman, has some areas of overlap. Like the Valadao bill, it reasonably calls on the Federal Government to accelerate feasibility studies for a number of proposed dams that have been stuck for years in the planning phase. Republicans, of course, have faith that the dams will pencil out and will be funded. Many Democrats are convinced that the yield numbers—the amount of additional water that would be stored and the associated dollar cost—would be so paltry as to finally put an end to the discussion. 
starkly different and, frankly, much smarter, focusing on updating Federal water policies and practices that today are firmly rooted in outdated, mid20th century knowledge and technology. 
There is a lot we could be working on 
together substantively. We certainly have no problem with the technical changes here, but it is high time that we have hearings and serious deliberations and discussions about substance. If we do that, we might just find that 
there are some common solutions that could become law. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
would simply remind my colleague that, in the 112th Congress, this bill went through one of the most exhaustive public processes of any bill heard by Congress. Its genesis was in two public hearings 
in the Central Valley in 2010 and 2011. It was vetted through not one, but two public hearings in Washington in which minority Democrats called twice as many witnesses as majority Republicans. 
amendment was made in order and considered. In fact, over the past 5 years, we have held 18 hearings on various versions of this bill. We consulted 60 water agencies throughout northern and central California, including many in Democratic districts. 
113th Congress and redebated. This time, extensive negotiations took place between House and Senate Members. The fact is there are few issues in this Congress that have been more thoroughly debated than those encompassed in this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–204. 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) and a 
amendment is simple and straightforward but addresses a critical issue affecting the economy, the environment, and the health of the delta as well as other regions throughout the State. 
to the list of invasive species to be considered for a pilot project established by the bill. The water hyacinth is an extremely invasive weed that has taken over the delta. 
channel is completely blocked over by the weed. It can double in size every 10 days. It has seeds that remain buried in sediment and remain viable for 20 years. It is difficult to remove mechanically and to manage through pesticides. 
this picture. It clogs waterways, preventing the movement of water through the delta. It negatively affects farmers, recreational opportunities, and disrupts the national ecosystem. These effects have only been worsened by the drought. 
This is the third largest inland port in the Nation. The hyacinth affects traffic 
in and out of the port, preventing navigation of the channels at night because of ships that can’t navigate between the weeds, the levees, and smaller vessels. 
costs importers approximately $200,000 in additional expenses per year. Last year alone, the port had to remove more than 2 million tons of the plants. Even Stockton’s Christmas lighted boat parade had to be canceled for the first time in its 35year history. 
take a holistic approach, involving stakeholders at all levels. I have heard from the marina owners, farmers, environmental organizations, and local communities on how the water hyacinth continues to impact their lives on a daily basis. 
$1 million in Federal funding to help an existing effort between Federal, State, and local partners focused on managing the water hyacinth infestation, but these efforts are just the beginning. This amendment ensures that we continue building off the current work. 
Mr. C OSTA , for joining me on this 
what we ought to be doing, and that is working together to solve very, very complex problems. Unfortunately, the underlying legislation really is not the result of the kind of interaction that is necessary. 
delta. That delta is as large as the Westlands Water District, and it also happens to be the largest estuary on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere from Alaska to Chile. It is absolutely an essential element in the environment of the entire West Coast of the United States; yet the underlying legislation ignores the fact that those of us who represent this area have been no part of the legislation. 
problems such as water hyacinth and the next amendment, which I will be taking up. I want to commend Mr. MCNERNEY for putting forth this 
amendment and hopefully beginning the interaction necessary to develop a proper water bill for all California. 
thank the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ) for offering this 
Water hyacinth is a significant problem that has impacted the operations of both the Central Valley water 
This year, as a result of water hyacinth infestation, pumping at the Jones Pumping Plant was reduced significantly for periods of time that resulted in the loss of water. Local water contractors responded in a collaborative manner to help remove that infestation that we see there, over 89,000 cubic yards of hyacinth at a cost of almost $2 million to remove it to try to get the operations to continue. 
pump, Banks pump, provided an opportunity to make up the difference. However, we may not be so lucky in the future. 
So I want to support this amendment. It impacts not just cities, boaters, and recreationalists, but farmers and the entire region. This is a good amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. MCNERNEY. I yield back the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent to claim time in opposition to this amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I, too, 
represent San Joaquin County, along with Representative MCNERNEY , and 
believe that this is a solution to a big problem that we share within the delta. 
needs to be managed and is a welcome amendment to this bill. This amendment rightly focuses on the invasive plant that can have devastating impacts on fish and other organisms in the delta. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–204. 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) and a 
this amendment, like the previous amendment, is simple but very important. 
amendment about the water hyacinth and the endangered species that have plagued not just the California delta, but other parts of the West. 
also a small but important amendment. It deals with a way of providing a fish screen on the Delta Cross Channel, a very important element in the California water system. Why this hasn’t been done before, I don’t know. 
I live within a mile of the Delta Cross 
Channel, and I have often wondered why the agencies have not pursued a fish screen. They have to close the channel gates when the fish are in the river, thereby providing less water through the delta. So this would simply move it along. 
These two amendments are an example of what we ought to be doing. 
delta, which is 700,000 acres, equal in size to the area that is the principal proponent of the underlying legislation, that is the Westlands Water District. Both are important and critical agriculture areas, both of which need water. 
the environmental needs and the agricultural needs of the delta, and in a very complex way provides a mechanism to take water out of the delta without regard to either the environmental or the agricultural or the community needs in the area. 
never become law. It is an example of how not to solve California water problems. The way you solve California water problems are with amendments such as Mr. MCNERNEY ’s or this amendment that I am putting forth and serious discussions between those of us who represent the delta. 
I would also like to point out to my 
colleagues who are proponents of this bill that I represent 200 miles of the Sacramento River, from the very end of it—that is at San Francisco Bay—to an area 199.6 miles upriver, including virtually all of the rice industry of California, of which there are some 600,000 acres, and nearly half of that acreage is fallow this year. 
impact on the San Joaquin Valley system, of which we have heard much debate this morning. It is also about the Sacramento Valley north of the delta, where the drought has had a major impact. 
the immediate situation, which it is actually doing. The Federal and State governments’ water policy through the Department of the Interior and the Bureau of Reclamation, the Fish and Wildlife Agency—both the State and Federal Government have done yeoman’s work, extraordinary work, stretching the water supplies of California. This bill would override that effort and make it impossible for them to 
God help us if the drought goes another year—it could—in which case this bill, if it would become law, all that has been done in California over this last 3 years to stretch the water supplies would be pushed aside. 
should be working together. Mr. HUFFMAN has a good piece of legislation that has already achieved statewide support from water contractors, from those who understand the intricacies of this system. We can do it if we sat down together. And that has not happened. 
delta and north of the delta, we find this to be objectionable and we find it to be rather foolish. There is a middle ground. But don’t, as this bill does, push aside the environmental laws, which are the only protections for the largest estuary system on the West Coast of the Western Hemisphere. Don’t do that. 
fisheries? Why would you destroy 700,000 acres and the water supplies for the Bay area? You shouldn’t do that. You don’t need to do that. 
ways to solve the California water problem. Some of it is in this bill. The storage systems are good, well done, but don’t do that in a way that pushes aside the environmental protections that provide the balance not just for the environment, but for the communities that are affected. Don’t do that. We can work together. Just give us a chance to do so, which you have not thus far done. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
gentleman from California talks about a bill that he is not willing to support, but yet he wants to amend a bill that he says is going nowhere. 
The truth is the bill is going somewhere. This bill is going to move off this floor and move into the Senate. It is time for the Senate to show some action. It is time for the two bodies to actually do what they are supposed to do and work together to find a solution for California. 
nothing will put farms out of business, will create much higher unemployment than seen anywhere else in the country, and will devastate a food supply that feeds the rest of the Nation and much of the world. 
has some problems. In conversations with the Bureau of Reclamation, they have not asked for this project and they have no money identified for the project. I am unaware of the State of California’s position as well. 
projects. They are subject to destruction under high flow events due to debris and restrict recreation. 
not even feasible. What this project aims to do is make sure that water is not transferred south of the delta. What many of my friends forget is, as I represent San Joaquin County, Mountain House, a community—not just farmland—that gets a zero allocation, is south of the delta. It actually exports water. So does Tracy, Manteca, Ripon, Escalon, areas in San Joaquin that I represent that are south of the delta. 
This is a fight for the survival of California. And it is not just about an emergency transfer of water. It is about the future of California. Do we want to have enough water for all of our residents? Do we want our number one industry, agriculture, to be a vibrant industry? 
greater storage. And we ought to have some commonsense solutions in the process. You talk about wanting to save fish? Why not get rid of the predator fish, or at least go out and harvest some of them so they are not eating 98 percent of the fish that you say you are trying to help? 
here that will allow us to have greater flexibility, greater storage, and a better plan for the future of California. We should not be wasting water and just allowing freshwater to get pushed arbitrarily out to the ocean. 
that will help us in the future and gives us a negotiating point with the Senate, Republicans and Democrats actually working together, for a solution that helps us in California. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Page 65, strike lines 1 through 6 and insert 
appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than November 30, 2016; 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) and a 
pleased to offer this amendment with my neighbor to the north, Mr. WALDEN , 
which will protect due process for water contractors of the Bureau of Reclamationoperated Klamath Project in California and Oregon. 
status on these contractors, ensuring that they are included in Endangered Species Act consultations that could affect operations of the water projects they rely upon. Applicant status also ensures that information and alternative actions provided by the contractors must be considered when the Bureau considers ESArelated operational changes. 
words, treated the contractors in a manner similar to applicants since the 1990s, and local Indian tribes have invited contractors to provide information, the Bureau has not granted them the protections and inputs the full applicant status would provide, which is why we need the bill. 
status for the federally operated Central Valley Project in California. 
Mr. LAMALFA. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. DENHAM. I believe the gentleman has two amendments today. 
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment on the Sites Reservoir. This helps complete a surface water storage project feasibility study by aligning the bill’s language with the MOU recently signed by the Bureau of Reclamation and project stakeholders. 
decades, but stakeholders recently agreed to help fund the study’s completion. Last year, California’s voters authorized billions in funding for projects like Sites, but the State cannot determine which projects to invest in until the feasibility studies are complete. This is a key project to help the 
State prepare for future droughts, and the State Department of Water Resources found that it would generate an additional 900,000 acrefeet of water during drought years. That is enough for 7.2 million people per year. 
helps to allow Californians to invest in their own water infrastructure, which is a laudable goal that I think we should all support. 
aimed at advancing this project, and I hope I will have your support today on this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim time in opposition, though I am not opposed to this amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
yield 2 minutes to my distinguished colleague from Fresno, California (Mr. COSTA ). 
Mr. Chairman, as my colleague mentioned, this amendment updates the bill to be consistent with the memorandum of understanding between the Bureau of Reclamation and the Sites Joint Powers Authority. 
both sides, California last year came together, in a bipartisan, overwhelming way, to provide $7.5 billion for improving our water system to provide more funding for the tools in our water toolbox to provide greater reliability throughout California; $2.7 billion of that water bond measure was set aside for water storage projects. This is one of the projects that can participate in that funding. 
I support this effort because increased storage capacity—both surface, as well as groundwater recharge—is absolutely necessary to provide the additional resiliency and reliability in California’s water system. 
Reservoir, working in conjunction with increasing the supply of Shasta Reservoir, by increasing that dam, would provide additional water supply, as well as Temperance Flat, as well as the expansion of Los Vaqueros, which is underway by the Contra Costa Water District, as well as the expansion of San Luis Reservoir, which is allowed for in this legislation, as well as increased groundwater banking. All of these are part of the solution. 
State to reduce the impacts of future droughts and the population growth; therefore, I support this amendment. 
MOU, memorandum of understanding, that the Bureau of Reclamation has put forward so that we can expedite the studies for the Sites Reservoir project, one that we have needed for a long, long time and will be very helpful towards water solutions for California. 
I ask for the support of this very simple technical measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment simply aligns the bill with the recently signed MOU with the Bureau of Reclamation regarding these studies. We do not oppose it. It is consistent with an earlier policy rider added to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. 
have heard in this debate, I and other Democrats are not standing in the way of these storage studies. The delta smelt and the environmental laws are not standing in the way of these storage studies. 
2983, provides crucial funding and direction to the Bureau of Reclamation to finish CALFED feasibility studies that have the financing possible to be completed within the next 10 years. 
We do support finishing these studies. Now, some of these projects may pencil out, but I think it has become clear over the many, many years these studies have languished that some of these projects have turned into zombie 
reservoirs which won’t go away because project proponents have never been forced to fully account for how their financing will actually work. 
out, but it is high time that we complete the studies, face the reality, and get the information so that we can move on with real water solutions. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CALVERT  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Page 81, line 3, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘2’’. 
Page 81, line 12, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 81, line 15, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ) and a 
myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in H.R. 2898, we establish an oversight board for the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund. 
It adds an additional conservation seat to the 11member board, which will provide parity between the environmental and user group interests. 
The advisory board reflects the interests of agriculture, municipal and industrial users, power contractors, wildlife refuges, in addition to the economic impacts of water operations, so that the Secretary of the Interior will receive recommendations that encompass a broad perspective. 
simple, to ensure that a more balanced and effective approach is being taken as the Secretary of the Interior prioritizes spending levels on projects and programs carried out through the restoration fund. 
strikes a better balance between conservation and user groups interests on the 11member board and will help to ensure that the annual surcharges water and power users contribute will be spent on the most effective methods in habitat restoration and environmental mitigation. 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
support the amendment and commend the author for offering it. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent to claim time in opposition, though I do not oppose the amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
commend the author for his concern about waterfowl and wildlife. This amendment, by itself, is not harmful, but it is important to acknowledge that it doesn’t come close to curing the problems with this bill that are, in fact, very harmful to fish and wildlife. 
provide cover in some ways to proponents of this bill who are now coming under fire from the California Waterfowl Association and other sportsmen’s groups because this bill hurts migratory birds and other wildlife and waterfowl. 
is on record opposing this bill because: ‘‘It would eliminate water supplies for California migratory waterfowl and other wetlandsdependent species.’’ 
Other sportsmen’s groups also oppose. Trout Unlimited has spoken out against the bill because it would weaken protections for steelhead and salmon. While I do not oppose this bill, it is 
important not to suggest that this bill is somehow good for or supported by hunters or sportsmen’s groups. It is not. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a very legitimate concern that my colleagues are dealing with in terms of how funds are being spent by the restoration programs and how we provide support for the efforts to provide more accountability and improve the transparency of the expenditures of the fund. 
I appreciate and support my colleague’s amendment to improve the makeup of the advisory board, which I think is important. However, I think that adding one more waterfowl representative needs to be done to try to provide additional balance in terms of the representation of the various interests on the board. 
Let me finally say I represent Grasslands, a large part of Grasslands district, which is the largest part of the Pacific Flyway in terms of almost 200,000 acres of contiguous wetlands, and they have raised some issues as relates to this legislation, and we are going to work those out because, in fact, that is a very important part of the Pacific Flyway. 
that we create in the underlying bill really is, in part, to ensure that we do provide water, even the limited water available, so that we can maintain this important habitat. 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank my colleagues for supporting this amendment. It is a simple amendment. This is a process, as my friend from California has mentioned. After we move this bill forward today, we will have the opportunity, hopefully, to conference with the Senate. Hopefully, they can pass a bill in the Senate, and we can do something good for the State of California. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–204. 
The Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Natural Resources of the State of California, shall publish an annual report 
Central Valley Project and California State Water Project, their explicit purpose and authority, and all measured environmental benefit as a result of the releases. 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) and a 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, and the ranking member, since the early 1990s, the Federal and State lawmakers and regulators have made a number of policy 
choices to implement the Endangered Species Act and Clean Water Act and the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. All of these have had good intentions. 
From the Trinity River, to the Shasta Reservoir, to the San Francisco Bay Delta, and up to the San Joaquin River, about 3.5 million acrefeet of Central Valley Project and California State Water Project have been as a result of those acts rededicated for environmental management purposes. 
The Central Valley Project Improvement Act alone, since its enactment, has resulted in over 17 million acrefeet of water being reprioritized for different needs and for different purposes. 
doesn’t mean that the water, in reprioritization, doesn’t continue to serve multiple purposes within the system because it does; but it does mean that the use has been prioritized so that, in fact, it must meet environmental objectives over that of human needs, which are a distant second to the environmental uses of this water as a result of the passage of those previous acts. 
harmed a large number of Californians, including those from small, rural, and often disadvantaged communities that I represent, as well as to the larger areas that are dependent upon this water supply, whether we talk about Santa Clara in Silicon Valley or Los Angeles, in the metropolitan water district. 
7 of the Nation’s top 10 agricultural counties have seen their water supply diminish and their water cost escalate over the last 20 years; that is a fact, and as my colleagues say, facts are hard to dispute. The increased cost has been there, and the reduction of the water supply is, in fact, a result of this. 
seen their water supplies diminish to 40 percent—40 percent—of their longterm average and have received no surface water—no surface water—for the last 2 years. 
have had their drinking wells go dry, leaving entire towns without a water supply for drinking or bathing. These are incredibly harmful impacts to a very simple question. 
society benefited from the policy changes to dedicate the water for these 
important environmental purposes, like preventing the extinction of species, which none of us want to do? 
The answer, I am sad to say, is it 
seems to have had not the impact that was intended because the species continue to decline. 
Unfortunately, though, notwithstanding efforts within the Federal agencies, the State agencies, and the National Academy of Sciences, we don’t really know. We don’t really know because we don’t have an accurate reporting or accounting of how endstream flows are used and what benefit is expected to be achieved by them and whether the benefit was achieved by those flows. 
knowing that we are increasing the species, the salmonoid in California, notwithstanding the loss of water. In fact, the salmonoid have continued to decline. 
feet of water and the expenditure of billions of dollars has resulted in a water supply situation that has never been worse for all of California. Likewise, the condition of the species to which we have dedicated so much has never been so much at risk. 
index is zero, and the status of protected salmon is in serious doubt. While the extinction of these species isn’t probable, given the hatchery based fish populations, the potential loss of wild populations is of grave concern to all of us. 
achieved to make operational priorities of the project abundantly clear is that the first priority of the projects, besides this cosharing, is flood control. God, I would pray that it would flood in California. I would love to have what they are having in Texas. 
salmon temperature management, which is very problematic right now as a result of this drought. This is followed by protecting the baydelta water quality—people ought to have good water quality; I want my friends in the bay area to drink good, fresh water—and, finally, any possible deliveries to the communities for the refuge wildlife, which I spoke to a moment ago, that includes grasslands and other refuges, as well as our farms, our farms that produce the food. 
create at least some accountability and transparency in the environmental management efforts underway so that we can better understand and so we can measure what is working and what isn’t working. That is why this amendment is important. 
I ask that it be adopted for all the 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, I have another amendment at the desk. 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) and a 
the much anticipated amendment having to do with the Klamath project that I am offering with my neighbor, Mr. WALDEN , from the north side of the 
The amendment again confers applicant status on those contractors that are involved in the Klamath project, ensuring that they are included in the Endangered Species Act consultations that could affect operations of the water project they rely upon. 
Applicant status also ensures that information and alternative actions provided by the contractors must be considered when the Bureau considers ESArelated operational changes. 
treated the contractors ‘‘in a manner similar to applicants’’ since the 1990s and local tribes have invited contractors to provide information, the Bureau has not granted them the protections and input that the full applicant status would provide. 
status for the federally operated Central Valley Project in California, and this simply ensures that all Federal water contractors in the region receive equal legal protections. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for yielding and for working 
with me on this amendment as well, which will assist our Klamath project farmers in the Klamath Basin. 
history of water issues in this basin and there is much work to be done. 
Frankly, a basinwide, longterm solution is what is most needed. While we are working toward that solution, these issues remain. 
pass this amendment to simply formalize the rule of the Klamath project irrigators by giving them applicant status for ESA consultations. 
have existing contracts with the Bureau of Reclamation, and they are directly affected by Reclamation’s consultation with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service. 
the Klamath project contractors have provided input to the section 7 consultations through the invitation of the Klamath tribes. I would like to thank the Klamath tribes and especially Klamath Tribal Chairman Don Gentry for working with the project contractors through this process. 
only formalize the practice that has already been occurring and ensure the project contractors could continue this process in the future. 
contractors as having the role of applicants would not change the substantive obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation under the ESA or the obligations of the wildlife agencies to prepare biological opinions. 
us in formalizing a process that has been sort of informal along the way, but inconsistent at times, and give the consistency there that is important to continue the discussions that are underway in the basin. 
other neighbor on this KlamathTrinity water system. I didn’t have the benefit of working with my colleagues on this legislation. 
My hope, as we go forward, is that we 
could be a little more neighborly and try to talk with each other and work together on this system that affects our mutual constituents. 
which includes numerous assaults on the Endangered Species Act, is not bad enough, unfortunately, this is an amendment that would make it even worse. 
It plays favorites among stakeholders, elevating agriculture above all else at the expense of the environment and other cultural and economic interests. 
don’t have things good enough with taxpayersubsidized water and zerointerest loans, this amendment seeks to give them special status and significantly more leverage during the Endangered Species Act consultation process. As long as the project is in place, the 
Bureau of Reclamation has a duty to manage it for the benefit of all stakeholders. That is important. 
The interests of the water contractors are certainly no more legitimate than those of the Klamath tribes for whom endangered fish are part of their cultural heritage, nor are they more important than the interests of commercial and recreational fishermen, who generate hundreds of millions of dollars for the economy and continue to wait patiently for the restoration of fish stocks vital to their livelihoods. 
tribes and fishermen, this amendment is yet another attempt by House Republicans to drive the extinction of American fish and wildlife one species at a time. 
interests privileged status in ‘‘helping’’ to determine the fate of endangered coho salmon and endangered Lost River and shortnose suckers is nothing short of a death sentence for those species. 
across the aisle to stop blaming the Endangered Species Act for all of their ills. Fish did not cause the drought, and killing them will not make it go away. 
use more sustainable for Californians and the environment that they cherish. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, it is a little harder to be neighborly when the facts get twisted around and the intent of the bill is misconstrued. 
process with the Bureau, the tribes inviting information from those stakeholders that are the water contractors. 
upon them that would make them fully at the table as an applicant. It doesn’t do anything to change the allocation or any other factor of those water contractors or give them any favorite status. 
say, as somebody who has been involved in these issues going back to 1999, I have worked with the tribes. I have worked with irrigators to prove fish passage and to help improve fish health. 
So I really take offense to the kind of 
language you are using here on the floor because we have done a lot of good to put fish screens in, to help improve the survivability of the suckers, to put more water aside. We have done a lot of good things. 
I welcome you to work with us on these issues, but I have to tell you it is a little offensive in your comments. 
Mr. LAMALFA. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. We could start working together on the Klamath restoration settlement and, moving forward, 
I hope that we can begin to talk together. We have legitimate interests on both sides of the State border and at both ends of this important watershed. 
yield, I am just saying there is a better way to have this discussion than hurling the kind of language you are hurling around, because a lot of us have worked, both sides, bipartisan, and a lot of work. I open the door to have those conversations with you as well. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair reminds the gentleman from Oregon that the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) controls the time. 
requires us to use the best available science and information and have all the stakeholders able to be at the table, such as having full applicant status, for the Klamath water users. 
gets more information and more input from everybody that might be affected by possible ESA decisions. 
We would love to work in a collaborative, neighborly process around here. When the rhetoric flies so much that accuses us, accuses that water users up there a long time, that have had a promise made to them by the Federal Government of being something other than what they are, it does make it difficult. And it is the kind of thing that the American people, as they view the operations on TV, really get tired of. 
So I would be one that would love to 
cooperate and get a result. But on this amendment here, we need this help for those contractors to have a fair seat at the table. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–204. 
Page 162, line 5, strike ‘‘into the’’ and all 
that follows through line 15, and insert ‘‘for projects that reclaim and reuse wastewaters.’’. 
House Resolution 362, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) and a 
speak to my amendment, I want to acknowledge the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ) for her input 
on this amendment and for her long advocacy for water reuse, recycling, and conservation, and for emphasizing that we need a nearterm watercreation strategy, along with a longterm sustainable strategy. H.R. 2898 is not that longterm sustainable strategy. 
west need drought relief now. The proponents of this legislation know that it will not provide that immediate relief. They also know their bill will never become law. 
everybody’s time? It is simply because House Republicans are not going to miss an opportunity to attack the Endangered Species Act and the National Environmental Policy Act. 
laws have restricted dam construction is patently false. In fact, it was President Reagan who first sought to help curb the deficit by turning off the tap of easy Federal money that had funded multibilliondollar boondoggles and pork barrel dam projects. 
Building new dams takes forever because it doesn’t make economic sense without heavy government subsidies. Instead of flushing taxpayers’ dollars, we should be investing in projects that recycle wastewater, create reuse, and provide immediate water supplies. 
wastewater, hundreds of billions of gallons of water that could supply the needs of agriculture and people, is lost to the Pacific Ocean each year because we do not have enough water recycling projects in place. This is literally an ocean of missed opportunity. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment creates new water for the people of California. If Republicans were serious about solving this drought problem, they would have written a bill that creates new water. Sadly, they have not. Instead, they have written a bill that uses a very real crisis to attack the ESA and NEPA. 
This bill insults people who are suffering through this historic drought, and it is just the latest example of House Republicans blocking public participation in government and driving the extinction of American fish and wildlife one species at a time. 
manmade drought. It is manmade because we are not conserving and recycling water that we have and because we are wasting time on this bill instead of planning to increase water supplies in the short term and in longterm sustainable strategies. 
to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
from Wyoming is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
said earlier this is a time of choosing between two very different visions. The Democrats offer us a vision of scarcity and astronomical water prices. We have been trying it their way—it doesn’t end well. Our bill serves a different vision of abundant water and hydroelectricity at affordable prices— and the prosperity and the quality of life that means for every American. 
distributed over time. We build reservoirs to store water in wet years so that we have it in dry ones. We stopped building major reservoirs over 1 million acrefeet 40 years ago because of policies imposed on us by the very same voices that we now hear raised against this bill. The Sacramento River is bigger than the Colorado, yet we store 70 million acrefeet on the Colorado and only 10 million acrefeet on the Sacramento. 
until we build more dams. That is what our bill does. 
This amendment would scrap this vision of abundance for more of the same—not more water, only more conservation, more recycling, and more doing with less. Conservation is important in a drought, but conservation is the management of a shortage. Managing a shortage does not solve a shortage. Only abundance can do that. 
Mr. Chairman, when we confuse conservation with supply, as these voices from the left always do, in a real drought, we discover that we have already played that card and we no longer have it available to stretch supplies in an emergency. 
mean more abundant water for the West; they provide clean, cheap, and reliable hydroelectricity. They provide flood control to protect regions that would otherwise be inundated and uninhabitable. They assure yearround flows of water to riparian habitats that would otherwise be desiccated in drought and devastated by flood. All of these benefits would be sacrificed on the altar of the environmental left by this amendment. 
Supply or shortage, that is the question. This bill opens up a new era of supply. This amendment takes us further down the road of coping with shortage not as a temporary stopgap, but as a way of life. 
Well, we have had a taste of that way 
of life. We have watched our lawns turn brown. We have watched our water bills skyrocket. We have watched businesses shut down. We have watched thousands of farmworkers thrown out of work. We have seen food lines in the fertile agricultural region of the West. We have had enough. 
where water and hydroelectricity are abundant and inexpensive, where jobs are plentiful, where grocery shelves are 
full, where water police are not knocking on the door because we have taken too long in the shower, and where our lawns and gardens are green again. 
Times had an article entitled, ‘‘Editorial: GOP Water Bill in Congress Should Be Rejected.’’ It compared the two pieces of legislation, JARED  
HUFFMAN ’s H.R. 2983 and the bill that is 
on the floor today, H.R. 2898. The conclusion was that we needed a commonsense, comprehensive approach. 
starkly different and frankly much smarter, focusing on updating Federal water policies and practices that today are firmly rooted in outdated, mid20th century knowledge and technology.’’ 
my side of the aisle seeks, and this legislation before us today does nothing. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to speak to another important aspect of the legislation, which is the issue of relief. Providing a nearterm relief, I think, is essential—that is not to stall a longterm solution, but to provide the relief that everybody has talked about that California and the Central Valley needs. 
The Central Valley has been described as the ‘‘Salad Bowl’’ of America. The delicious crops that are grown there are consumed by Americans at a low cost. There is an occasional reference to the people that day in and day out labor to pick those crops and put them on the tables of the American people—the farmworkers. 
living conditions that they find themselves in right now, the conclusion is that we need to proceed to pass H.R. 2898 to help these farmworkers and their families. I agree; farmworkers and their families must be a priority for relief. H.R. 2898 doesn’t provide any relief to farmworkers and their families. 
investment. They need an investment in education; they need an investment in housing; they need an investment in livable incomes, and they need to work on the concentrated poverty that we find. Those areas of farmworker communities had one of the highest poverty rates in California before the drought; they are at a high poverty rate now with the drought; and if we want to change the course of history, we need to deal with that issue. We need to continue to restrict pesticide use that harms humans, and we need to have working conditions and opportunity available to farmworkers. 
tears. They need relief; they need attention, and they need investment. They need a relief that is near term and not one dominated by technology and outmoded strategies that will not bring that relief to them. We should be about creating opportunity, creating 
families not only in the near term, but in the long term. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the remainder of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). 
amendment not because it provides additional water for reclamation and reuse, which I support. I am opposed to this amendment because it prevents any of these funds from being used for storage—groundwater and surface storage water. 
over a twothirds vote, supported a significant bond measure last year for that water storage, both surface and groundwater. This amendment would prevent that from occurring. 
Mr. Chairman, let me also talk a little bit about the narrative that has been coming from some of my colleagues that I just firmly reject about this legislation and the underlying bill. 
the Endangered Species Act. It does not provide any kind of a rollback of the endangered species law. That is just false. 
of the delta or the bay. And do you know why? Because we have a State law in California under Decision 1641 that requires the State Water Board to monitor the level of salinity in the delta and to protect the water quality for people in the Bay area who derive their water from that source. 
As it relates to the operational flexibility, which has been alluded to as the great problem in this legislation, much of that flexibility that we have been urging over 4 years has begun to take place in the last year or 2. This legislation would take that flexibility that they finally have begun to do and put that in practice and codify it in law. That is what this legislation does. 
the constraints of this legislation, with this greater flexibility, the Secretary of the Interior still has the ability to provide the justification, in fact, if she feels that this flexibility cannot be implemented. 
there. That is what this legislation does. I urge your support. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–204 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 236, not voting 15, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. LOFGREN, and Mr. PASCRELL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 443, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
443, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 443, I 
was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 246, noes 172, not voting 15, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Garrett Graves (MO) Herrera Beutler Hudson Joyce Larson (CT) 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 242, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. H OLDING , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2898) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 362, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Mr. BERA. I am opposed in its current form. 
2898 to the Natural Resources Committee, with instructions to report the same back to 
Under the provisions of this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that there is an adequate supply of water— 
safe and not tainted with arsenic, salt, nitrates from fertilizers, industrial chemicals, or harmful algae, which become concentrated in diminished water supplies; and 
reservoirs or other surface waters, and to honor Tribal water rights. 
reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that we consider it as having been read and we dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, this bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, this amendment is simple. It ensures that we have safe drinking water for our constituents and enough water to fight wildfires. 
We are now in the fourth straight year of drought conditions; and, in fact, 95 percent of our State has reached severe drought status. This is a problem. 
talking about farmers, smallbusiness owners who are feeling the pain of this prolonged drought every day. It is a crisis, and in a crisis, everyone has to come together, to work together to find solutions that work for all of us. 
again, undermines the efforts that were taken in California to work together, and instead, it allows Washington, D.C., politicians to pick winners and losers and pit communities against each other. This bill creates no water. It does not solve this crisis, and that is a problem. 
home district, Folsom Lake. This is what it looked like last summer, and this summer, it is worse. In fact, Folsom Lake right now is at 42 percent of capacity. By August, it is expected to reach the lowest point in recorded history. Over half a million people depend on Folsom Lake for their drinking water. 
Fair Oaks, Roseville, and all across the State to work together to better manage the water that we have. As currently written, this bill would jeopardize their access to safe water. As water supplies decrease, residential drinking water risks contamination from higher concentrations of nitrates, 
We owe it to the people in our State 
to make sure, when they turn on their taps, they have safe drinking water. Let’s work together to find comprehensive solutions, longterm solutions to ensure their access to storage. We have got to work together as Democrats and Republicans, not pit northern California against southern California. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to give this motion their full support. 
I yield to the gentleman from southern California (Mr. PETERS ), my colleague. 
the West and particularly in California, we are in the fourth year of a prolonged drought that is placing us at increased risk for wildfires. 
just one community or industrial sector, but would undercut years of existing water policy and put communities like mine in San Diego in more danger. The images of depleted reservoirs, lakes, and streams drying up abound, with millions of dead trees littering our forests. As The New York Times reported just yesterday: ‘‘For those who know fire, fuel is now all they see.’’ 
We are in the midst of what we expect to be a long and harsh wildfire season. Just since January 1, California fire officials have responded to more than 3,300 wildfires, which is a thousand more than the average from the last 5 years. 
month ago has consumed an area of national forest roughly the size of San Francisco, and the dozens of wildfires that erupted in San Diego last May burned thousands of acres and destroyed 65 homes. Projections show that the cost of fighting wildfires this year could reach up to $2.1 billion, far above the roughly $450 million spent annually in the 1990s. 
It is not just money at stake. Two of 
the most deadly wildfires in California history, the Witch and Cedar fires occurred in San Diego and killed 17 people. This is also a matter of life and death. 
one can do that. It simply undermines the State of California’s water policies to move water away from one set of communities and into different ones. 
that, as we make changes to Western water allocations, we ensure there is enough water in reservoirs, lakes, and community supplies to make sure that 
wildfires can be fought when they occur, which they certainly will. It also ensures that we honor the existing tribal water rights and protect the health of those communities. 
motion to recommit and to oppose the underlying legislation. 
claim the time in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
this is a procedural motion. Obviously, if it were a serious one, we could have considered it anytime in committee or on the floor in the amendment process, but it is a procedural motion that is also somewhat flawed. 
that nothing will happen until the Secretary shall ensure that something happens. Unfortunately, in this provision of the bill, they don’t define Secretary, so I am not really sure which Secretary would have to define something. It could be the secretary of my office if you really wanted it that way. It provides that we are going to have water for drinking and for wildfires. 
that, last week, we actually had a forest bill in here which provided for wildfires. We gave them money; we gave them authority; we gave them the tools. It passed with a bipartisan vote, but some of our friends who are not voting for this one weren’t voting for that one either. We solved the wildfire issue already, scratched that one off. 
that is what the base bill does. The entire purpose of this bill is to emphasize the fact that, in this drought, we are trying to help people. The goal is to get water to people so they can work. 
In an area that has a 50 percent unemployment rate, they can provide food for people. It is important to all of us. It is not as important for me as it used to be, but it is still important for all of us. 
these areas where they desperately need that work. We are doing it. This is about people. This is moving water so people can actually be helped, and that is what the underlying bill has to do, and the procedural issues that we are trying to hold up this process, they don’t actually help people. They may help the process, but they don’t actually help people. 
We need a policy more than the opponents of this bill have, which is: Let’s pray for rain and hope something happens. 
We need to do what our pioneer ancestors told us to do and take the water we have and save it and store it, and that is what the underlying bill does, not just for California, but for the rest of the West, for all of us, where we have these same types of situations. 
realizing you are helping people. Good grief, 2008, we found water on Mars; we can actually find water for people here in the West. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit; support the underlying bill. Let’s get this bill going through the system so we can actually do something good for the people of this country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote will be followed by a 5 minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 446, 
my vote did not register. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 245, noes 176, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Graham 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the purpose of inquiring about the schedule of the week to come and thereafter. 
are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morninghour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. 
H.R. 1734, the Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act, sponsored by Representative DAVID MCKINLEY. This bill is essential to protect 
If we do not act, the EPA will replace 
the existing successful Statebased regulatory program with harmful new regulations that will cost hundreds of thousands of jobs and result in billions of dollars in burdensome costs for job creators. 
1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act, sponsored by Representative MIKEPOMPEO . This bipartisan bill 
will ensure uniform national labeling of foods from genetically engineered plants. By addressing the patchwork of conflicting labeling laws, we will fix the growing problem of inconsistent and confusing information for consumers. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House is 
expected to consider the conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
for his information with respect to the legislation for next week. 
now passed six appropriation bills. Last week, consideration of the Interior bill was postponed. The gentleman and Mr. ROGERS have both made representations that they hope to do all 12 appropriations bills. 
You did not announce any appropriations bills on the schedule for next week. Can the gentleman tell me whether or not he expects to bring additional appropriations bills to the floor prior to the August break? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Yes, it is our intention to get back to 
the appropriations process as soon as possible. As the gentleman does know, there are some very serious and sensitive issues involved. We are in the midst of a constructive and bipartisan conversation on how we can resolve these issues. I will be sure to keep the Members updated as the appropriations bills are scheduled for continued consideration. 
for his comment, particularly in terms of the willingness to work in a bipartisan fashion. 
is, on his side of the aisle and on our side of the aisle, a great concern that the 302 allocations to the Appropriations Committee are insufficient to meet their responsibilities. Mr. ROGERS, as you know, your chairman of the 
Appropriations Committee, a Member of your side of the aisle from Kentucky, has characterized the sequestration numbers as unrealistic and illadvised. 
The Senate has not passed any appropriations bills, as the gentleman knows. It is my hope, and I would like to ask the majority leader whether he contemplates any bipartisan discussions with reference to how we might come to an agreement so that appropriations bills could, in fact, be enacted, sent to the President, and signed by the President. 
down a budget which was paid for, which had Defense numbers at the numbers that your side of the aisle used by utilizing Overseas Contingency Operation funds to bridge the gap between the sequester number and the President’s number. 
contemplation, either before we break or shortly after we come back—because October 1 will be on us very, very quickly—to have bipartisan discussions, a la RyanMurray, to get to a number that we can agree on and that we can pass appropriations bills, have conferences, and send them to the President and be signed, hopefully, before October 1, but if not before October 1, certainly before December 18? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding and his continuous questions throughout the months on this. 
It is still our intention on this side of 
the aisle to get our business done, uphold the current law which is in place. I know you and I have had many debates back and forth that we know that sequestration started in the White House, and we continue to play by what the law states today and move our bills in a bipartisan manner, with a very open process on the floor where any Member can bring an amendment up, and we will continue to use that process as we move forward. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. The majority leader, Mr. Speaker, 
regularly brings up that sequester started in the White House. He knows I very severely disagree with that. And he voted for a Cut, Cap, and Balance Act which had in that bill—which no Democrat, I think, voted for—sequester. And it was passed 5 days before our Republican friends, Mr. Speaker, alleged that Mr. Lew suggested that to Mr. REIDas a way we could get by the 
House’s refusal, up to that point in time, to extend the debt limit, which meant we couldn’t pay our bills. But I don’t think that is very useful in discussing how we get by this loggerhead that we have met on the appropriations process. 
I served on the Appropriations Committee for 23 years before I became a leader, and we did pass bills—not always on time, but we had an ability, Republicans and Democrats working on the Appropriations Committee, working in the Congress, to get our bills done. 
you recall. I presume you will recall that when we got to a similar impasse, Mr. RYAN, the thenchairman of the 
thenchairwoman of the Budget Committee in the Senate, got together and came up with some figures that we could agree on on a bipartisan basis. Until that time, we had the same kind of scenario that we are now confronted with. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my view that, unless we have such a meeting of the minds, we are going to put this country in another crisis of our own making. 
into some sort of an agreement, consistent with HALROGERS ’ belief, that 
we can get to a realistic and advised compromise, not this unrealistic and illadvised—Mr. ROGERS ’ words, Republican chair of the Appropriations Committee, not mine. 
And if we don’t do so, when we get to 
September 30, or we get to December 18, let’s not wring our hands and say, How did this happen? We will know exactly how it happened, and it will have happened because we refused to sit down, as the majority leader just said 
to do the people’s business in a responsible, collegial way in which we can get to an agreement so the bills can be passed. 
responsible for sequestration—clearly, we have a different point of view—and a bill that passed before the suggestion was made by Jack Lew so we could get by the impasse and America pay its bills is really not very useful. 
Mr. Leader, let me go to another subject. The gentleman moved, on two occasions, to refer to the House Administration Committee legislation which related to the use of the Confederate battle flag. Both of those issues are now pending in the House Administration Committee. One of them has been there for some 3 weeks now. 
there is any suggested action by the committee, whether there have been any hearings scheduled, and whether or not we may see that legislation brought to the floor at any time in the foreseeable future? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
other question on some of your other statements, I am concerned about what the rest of the summer looks like. A lot of my concern stems from what I hear on the other side of the aisle, especially in the Senate side. 
years of working for more than two decades on appropriations, the appropriations process we have today is the most open this House has ever seen. Never in history, while you were on the Appropriations Committee, was it as open a process that any Member from any side of the aisle could just offer an amendment, not even prewritten, just a closed process. 
what I am really concerned about is the comments of Senator SCHUMER , 
have the summer of the shutdown, the destruction, that they were going to shut everything down, and I am concerned about some of your comments that are leading in that direction. I don’t want to go there. I want to finish our work as we have been doing here. 
mean, Bob Woodward, respected journalist as we all know from his days back to Watergate, today, in his ‘‘The Price of Politics,’’ he wrote of the time in history. Sequester was not debated here on this floor or created on this floor, not even in the Senate as well. You can read it in his book. It was created in the White House of this administration. It is the law of the land. We will uphold the law of the land and do our work based upon those numbers. 
was dealing with what we referred to House Administration. I have met with the chair and I have met with Members on the gentleman’s side of the aisle. We have nothing scheduled for next week, 
but we are currently working towards solving this, to me, a very serious and sensitive issue, and I look forward to getting it done and working with you to make it happen. 
that we might be bringing something to the floor so that we can express the opinion of this House. As the house and senate in South Carolina expressed its opinion, it surely is appropriate for this House of Representatives, representing the values of our country, sworn to uphold our Constitution that stands for equality of all, that we can express ourselves and take appropriate action. I appreciate the gentleman’s view. 
I have great respect for Mr. Woodward. Mr. Woodward, shortly after that book came out, I called him. He came into my office. We had a discussion about that representation. I will tell the gentleman that I believe Mr. Woodward was incorrect. He did not have information I gave him. I don’t mean that he necessarily says he is incorrect. 
to talk about history, you passed a bill 5 days before the suggestion was made by Jack Lew, which was, presumably, coming out of the White House, to Mr. REID, the majority leader. Five days 
before that, you passed, on this floor, a bill which was called Cut, Cap, and Balance, which had sequester as your fallback policy. 
history. That is history. I have said that a number of times. The gentleman has not corrected me. I presume that, therefore, he believes that I am accurate in that representation of the timing. 
But very frankly, that history is irrelevant. What is relevant, as the gentleman and I, I think, both agree, if we don’t get to an agreement on a number that is as we did in RyanMurray—we have done this before. We have done this before. Now, my view is we did it because you didn’t want to have your Members vote on legislation that had numbers that were draconian before the election, but that may be only my personal perspective. 
American people expect us to get their work done. Getting their work done, at minimum, means funding the government at appropriate levels. And, again, I would say that Mr. ROGERS does not 
believe the sequester—I agree with you. It is the law of the land. I think it is wrong. I think it is a bad law. It was not a law that was intended to go into effect. It went into effect simply because the supercommittee that was established in that same legislation couldn’t come out with a solution. 
come out with a solution, and, therefore, on January 1, 2014, we were confronted with these draconian, illconceived numbers, according to Mr. ROGERS. Let’s not be confronted with those numbers 60 days from now on October 1 
where we are unable to do our business. So I would urge my friend, and I would be glad to work with him toward that end. 
which I voted for. We passed it on a bipartisan basis—the majority of my Members voted for it; the majority of your Members voted for it—a highway bill. It was, however, I know on our side, and I know that in discussions with you, your feeling as well, that it is not what we ought to be doing. 
a longterm, at least 6year reauthorization bill for the highway program so that Governors, mayors, county executives, local officials, contractors, and construction workers would all have some confidence that there would be a revenue stream to fix our roads, repair our bridges, and build roads where they are needed. 
he believes that there is a plan to get to the—and I know he and I have discussed it—but a plan to get to, before the December 18 date that the present bill calls for, a longterm highway reauthorization? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his work and help on passing the highway bill this week. 
this House wants to pass a shortterm highway bill. We want certainty. We want to make sure the money goes the furthest and in the most efficient and effective way. 
shortterm, December 18, is because it is our plan and our intention, together, to be able to find the resources to have a highway bill that can be 5 years. 
It is our intention to be able to have 
working towards, and the first step was extending highways to the December 18 date. All we have next is to pass the Senate. 
be in the right place, prepared to have it done before December, a 5year that we could all work together in a bipartisan manner to have done. 
Mr. HOYER. I hope we do that. In the short term, however, we have 
done another item which we have not reauthorized, and that is the Export Import Bank. 
that has the votes in the Senate, and he believes that the highway bill that we have just sent them is a vehicle to add that ExportImport Bank proposal to. And my presumption is it will be in that bill when it comes back to us. 
the next few days because, of course, the highway authorization ends at the end of this month, in which case there will be no authorization to spend money on the highway program. 
or not, if that comes back, it will be on the floor? I have heard some discussion about the fact that the Speaker says it will be on the floor, but the ExportImport Bank would be open to amendment. 
or not there are any plans along those lines. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me one more time. 
feel about the ExportImport Bank, and we have a difference of opinion. I am one who has always believed in the principle that you should just deal with the subject that is before you. 
best advice I can give to the Senate—it is a clean highway bill until December 18—is to pass a clean highway bill and move it to the President. 
is the gentleman’s desire. I know he is opposed to the ExIm Bank reauthorization. 
As you know, we passed it in a bipartisan fashion when the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Cantor) was the majority leader, and the gentleman voted for it. He has changed his mind. Certainly many of us do that from time to time. 
don’t do what the gentleman suggests—i.e., a clean highway bill—and they send it back, as, apparently, Leader MCCONNELL thought that they would 
do, consistent with his representation to the Senator from Washington State and others—if they add the ExIm Bank to that bill and it comes back— I know the gentleman is reluctant to speculate. But we have a very, very short period of time left in this session before the August break. 
comes back and is in the highway bill, that we would make the ExportImport Bank portion of that bill at least open to amendment? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
And if I just may correct the gentleman, he took the liberty of saying whether I changed my mind. I did vote for the ExIm Bank 2 years ago, but I voted for an ExIm Bank that had reform in it. I have not seen that reform. I did not change my mind. I kept my principle. The same principle that I have is my best advice to the Senate. 
hypotheticals, and I know our colloquy is about next week. But none of that is scheduled for next week. 
But to the gentleman and to the Senate, my best advice for them is to pass our clean highway bill and send it to the President. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, the problem with the 
suggestion the majority leader makes is the ExportImport Bank will be out of business. If that happens, Speaker BOEHNER has said it is going to adversely affect jobs in America. It will adversely affect the ability of small, medium, and large businesses to sell our goods overseas by people working here in America. 
jobs, and to simply let it twist in the wind and let it be unauthorized simply because of inattention, when it has the majority of votes on this floor? Mr. Speaker, I have said that over and over again and have not been contradicted. 
sponsored the ExportImport Bank’s reauthorization. There are 188 Democrats—or at least 185 Democrats who will vote for it. That is 249 votes. All you need is 218. There is no doubt that the ExportImport Bank has the votes to pass this House and the Senate, and, yet, we fiddle while jobs are being burned. 
for our country. It is not good policy for our workers. It is not good policy for our businesses, for our exporters. It makes us uncompetitive with the rest of the world. Sixty countries have a similar facility. I know in a perfect world perhaps that wouldn’t exist. But 60 of our competitors around the world have such a facility that make their goods cheaper than we will be making ours. 
That is not good sense. It is not good 
policy. It is not the expectation, I think, of the American people. And it is not the will of this House. 
this already. But I certainly hope when the Senate—as I expect them to do— adds it to the House highway bill—and I am not sure whether it will be our bill or their bill or our bill amended— we may have to go to conference or we may have to get to an agreement. 
to adopt the will of this House and reauthorize the ExportImport Bank so that we will protect jobs. 
that it was shortly after we took the action we took on June 30 and allowed the ExportImport Bank to expire that we would lose jobs. In fact, that is happening. So I would hope that that would not be the case. 
ask the majority leader this: I get a lot of rumors on my side. I know you get a lot of rumors on your side. And I sort of smile at them and I say, ‘‘I think not.’’ 
me, Mr. Speaker, are we not going to be here the last week of July that is presently scheduled. And I would like to clear that up. 
answer on the schedule for—this is a scheduling question, by the way, as to whether or not, in fact, we are going to be here the last week of July. 
heard more of was about Taylor Swift in the Capitol the other day. I think this is just wishful thinking 
of the Members. But the American people expect us to get our work done. We have a lot of work to get done. No, we will be here, as the schedule says, and we will finish it. But we will not be leaving early. 
Mr. HOYER. I appreciate the majority leader’s clarification. My Members will not necessarily appreciate it, but I understand it. 
unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday next and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morninghour debate not apply on that day. 
ABRAHAM ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, evidence has been made public that the largest abortion provider in America has been actively engaged in the illegal and horrific practice of trafficking of fetal body parts. 
300,000 abortions annually. This organization financially gains from the destruction of innocent, unborn children and now has been shown to profit from the selling of children’s organs to fetal tissue brokers. 
Those who defend Planned Parenthood and these evil practices argue these clinics simultaneously provide access to other needed health services. Well, Mr. Speaker, one does not justify the other. 
is no shortage of faithbased health service providers that, unlike Planned Parenthood, honor, respect, and care for all women and unborn children. They do not prey on vulnerable individuals for profit. 
Mr. Speaker, I have joined my colleagues, calling for an investigation into the trafficking of fetal tissue and activities of abortion providers, such as Planned Parenthood, companies that broker fetal tissue, and any incentives created by National Institutes of Health funding for research using body parts of unborn children. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep concern over the atrocities that recently occurred at this year’s pride parade in Istanbul, Turkey. 
For years, the Turkish LGBT community and their supporters have been able to partake in one of the few permitted pride parades in the Muslim world, but this year this peaceful parade was broken up when police dispersed the parade with tear gas, rubber bullets, and water cannons, reminiscent of the worst full countertactics of the American civil rights movement. 
focusing on love and solidarity and the human rights of all people, including LGBT people, which is a stark contrast to the unnecessary and brutal violence endured by those paradegoers. 
to visit the brave LGBT activists in Turkey and to speak to them about their hopes for a better community. 
As a member of the LGBT community and of the Congressional Equality Caucus, I am deeply disturbed by the way in which such a positive festival was received by the Turkish Government. 
commitments to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, its dedication to freedom of assembly and freedom of speech. Turkey is a NATO ally. Its actions are at odds with these previous commitments to freedom. 
in condemning these actions. Today we will send a letter signed by more than 50 Members of this body to the Turkish Ambassador, expressing our outrage by these actions and our support of the Turkish people. 
(Mrs. LOVE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I stand before this body because I am outraged at the recent revelation by a Planned Parenthood director who speaks on video about harvesting an unborn baby’s body parts to sell. 
practice of aborting babies in such a cold, casual way as to preserve certain body parts for sale. 
that receives Federal funds to do their work. Is this what the taxpayers are paying for? Is this what they asked for? No. 
comments on video and the list of serious questions that are raised, I am calling for a full congressional investigation. 
Parenthood’s donation of fetal tissue for research or for any other purpose and for Federal funds to be completely 
This is not over. We will press on. I 
will continue to remind this body that we work for the American people—not the other way around—that we swore to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States, and we will preserve life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year Members of Congress stood on this House floor and condemned the evils of trafficking humans, especially the exploitation of women and children who are treated as commodities to be bought, used, and disposed of. 
And we then walked the talk, refusing to turn a blind eye to these horrors, and passed sweeping reforms to combat and end this egregious human rights abuse. 
Abortion giant Planned Parenthood has exposed itself as a perpetuator of another shocking form of trafficking: the illegal selling and buying of baby body parts and intact organs. 
Planned Parenthood kills babies in the womb. No. It has to profit off the death of its victims by first dismembering these unborn children and then selling their organs piece by piece to the highest bidder. 
Enough is enough. We will investigate this unlawful, barbaric practice and bring an end to these horrifying abuses. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to celebrate NASA’s New Horizons mission. Yesterday, after traveling more than 3 billion miles, the New Horizons probe passed just 7,800 miles from the surface of Pluto. 
yearold astronomer from my home State of Illinois. In 2006, NASA launched New Horizons in an effort to learn more about Pluto, the Kuiper belt, and the formation of our solar system. Yesterday, New Horizons sent us back our first closeup pictures of Pluto’s surface. 
Mr. Speaker, the New Horizons mission is a great success for NASA. Not only will we learn great things about our solar system, but I hope that these pictures will serve to inspire a new 
and robust program of science, technology, engineering, and math education, or STEM, and I hope that the success of this mission will encourage more students to follow that path. 
representative from the 25th Congressional District of Texas, it is my pleasure to represent Fort Hood in the United States Congress. 
From its stateoftheart training facilities to its experienced leadership and worldrenowned reputation, Fort Hood demonstrates 21st century training for the 21st century soldier. Fort Hood is a treasure of Texas, but it is also the gold standard for the Army, the Department of Defense, and our Nation’s overall national security posture. 
Last week, in an address to the National Commission on the Future of the Army, I presented my thoughts on the recent troop reduction announcement and how it relates to Fort Hood. 
If sequestration takes effect in October as planned, the U.S. Army will have to cut 30,000 soldiers in addition to the 40,000 soldiers that will be removed from ranks over the next 2 years. At this level, our military may not be able to commit to current deployments, let alone successfully take on new challenges. 
ISIS in Syria and Iraq, the instability of governments in the Middle East, and an aggressive Russia and China, I do not believe this is the time to be cutting our Army to preWorld War II levels. 
community made up of the finest soldiers I have ever met. They have been dealt some serious challenges in recent years, and each time, they have overcome them. 
so, Mr. Speaker, it is imperative this Congress relieves the strain the sequester has put on Fort Hood and our entire military. It is not fair for our brave men and women to suffer the consequences of our inability to properly govern. 
to Fort Hood, the Department of the Army, our soldiers and their families, and fellow Texans. 
bless the Great Place, and God bless the United States of America. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
four decades, the growth of upward mobility in America has stagnated despite the numerous programs and trillions of dollars spent on our efforts to reduce poverty. 
poverty, we need to move beyond the status quo and, instead, look at the tangible impact that local leadership is having on the programs and concepts that they have created to help those who are struggling in our communities. 
to focus on what works. Our goal should be moving people out of poverty and up the socioeconomic ladder, and we can start by turning to our local nonprofit leaders that are working to defeat hopelessness and offering concrete and aspirational futures. 
Look at AR Kids Read, the volunteerbased literacy initiative getting private sector volunteers into our elementary schools in Little Rock and Pulaski County and guiding thirdgraders to a successful future by working with them to assure that they read at grade level. 
Little Rock, which teaches families who are struggling with homelessness how to make and sustain positive change. 
Mr. Speaker, by prioritizing innovation and success in our community engagement, organizations like these— private, faithbased, and public—working hand in hand can offer our families hope, aspiration, and a roadmap toward the pursuit of happiness. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
seems like, too often, issues in this town are predetermined—Republicans care about this; Democrats care about that. There isn’t any crossover, and then we are stuck in gridlock. 
in Congress working to bridge the gap between left and right, I know there is more that unites us than divides us on the big issues. Today, I am proud to highlight another area of bipartisan agreement, criminal justice reform. 
proposal to modernize and strengthen our criminal justice system for the 21st century, addressing its exploding costs to taxpayers and often disproportionate application. 
blue alike—have led the way on this important issue, and they offer a blueprint for how we address corrections at the Federal level. 
these lessons by seeking to curtail overcriminalization, increase evidence based sentencing alternatives, reduce recidivism, and increase transparency 
Mr. Speaker, there is a serious, bipartisan appetite to address this issue now, from the House and the Senate to the White House; and I look forward to working with my colleagues to tackle serious criminal justice reform in this Congress. 
week, the first closeup images of Pluto were released thanks to the firstever mission to explore this world 3 billion miles away. 
launched at a speed well above 30,000 miles per hour, making it the fastest spacecraft ever launched. The New Horizons probe was launched almost 10 years ago; yet NASA was able to predict its arrival time within 1 minute only a few thousands miles from the planet. 
New Horizon’s successful mission reaffirms the leadership role the United States plays and must play in the future in space exploration. This helps foster innovation and new technology. The space program also inspires future generations to pursue degrees and careers in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. 
of transmitting data, we will learn even more about Pluto, as well as the Kuiper belt, on its next mission beyond Pluto. 
team needs to be congratulated for its historic accomplishment, and it is one that all Americans can be proud of as a testament to America’s ingenuity and determination. 
reach of space exploration, and we applaud their efforts and the New Horizons team. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 20, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting a supplemental update of the Budget, commonly known as the MidSession Review, containing revised estimates of receipts, outlays, budget authority, and the budget deficit for fiscal years 2015 through 2025, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1106; to the Committee on the Budget. 
2192. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; North 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 675. A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of 
compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–206). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1607. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–207). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agriculture. H.R. 1599. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–208, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1777. A bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–209). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 2395. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–210). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1831. A bill to establish the Commission on EvidenceBased Policymaking, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–211). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
and safety of Thoroughbred horseracing by requiring a uniform antidoping program to be developed and enforced by an independent Thoroughbred Horseracing AntiDoping Authority; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3085. A bill to amend section 1018 of 
the Residential LeadBased Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992 to make violators of such section liable to residents and invitees of target housing for such violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 3086. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax benefits to individuals who have been wrongfully incarcerated; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to assure educational stability for children in foster care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3088. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow employers a credit against income tax for employees who participate in qualified apprenticeship programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LYNCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): 
Health Service Act to authorize grants for training and support services for Alzheimer’s patients and their families; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LYNCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): 
1994 to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LYNCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L INDA T. 
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 3092. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of an Alzheimer’s Disease Research Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3093. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to make certain changes in the implementation of the Compliance, Safety, Accountability program of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
PALAZZO , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
LAMALFA , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. C ARTERof Georgia): 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to transfer to States the authority to manage red snapper fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. Y OUNG  
H.R. 3095. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for an exclusion for assistance provided to participants in certain veterinary student loan repayment or forgiveness programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to State and local educational agencies for the establishment, improvement, and expansion of world language education programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
RIBBLE , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. J ORDAN , 
Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. B UCK, Mr. B RAT, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. 
H.R. 3097. A bill to prohibit the payment of 
surcharges for commemorative coin programs to private organizations or entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Redevelopment and Economic Development Innovative Financing program to promote urban renewal, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Ms. CASTORof Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
H.R. 3099. A bill to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National 
Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
health care provider licensure on participation in a health plan or the meaningful use of electronic health records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3101. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to review the list of veterans designated as former prisoners of war, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Security Act of 2002 to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administration, streamline transportation security regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3103. A bill to encourage spectrum licensees to make unused spectrum available for use by rural and smaller carriers in order to expand wireless coverage; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3104. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce carbon pollution in the United States, invest in the Nation’s infrastructure, and cut taxes for working Americans; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
H.R. 3105. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify that all provisions shall apply to legally married samesex couples in the same manner as other married couples, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
major medical facility construction projects for fiscal year 2015, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mexico, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
H.R. 3107. A bill to require the continuation in effect of sanctions imposed with respect to Belarus, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
by the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
loans that would otherwise be treated as nonaccrual loans as accrual loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
Mr. C OLE, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ENT, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 3110. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax relief for major disasters declared in any of calendar years 2012 through 2015, to make certain tax relief provisions permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3111. A bill to reduce the number of 
nonessential vehicles purchased and leased by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
that new employees of certain employers be automatically enrolled in the employer’s health benefits plan; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. RIBBLE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
of Veterans Affairs from obligating or expending funds for alternative energy generation projects unless specifically authorized by law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
goals and ideals of National Clinicians HIV/ AIDS Testing and Awareness Day, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B OST, Mr. 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C ARTER of 
Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C HAFFETZ , 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
CONAWAY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
DOLD, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. D UNCAN of 
North Carolina, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. F RANKS of 
GIBBS, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H URDof 
KLINE, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L ATTA , 
LOUDERMILK , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. M URPHY of 
NOEM, Mr. N UNES , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, 
Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R IBBLE , 
LEHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S TEWART, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. W OODALL , 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. Z ELDIN , 
sense of the House of Representatives in disapproval of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action agreed to by the P5+1 and Iran on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives on Nelson Mandela International Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 11, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to recognize the unique military value of California’s defense installations and the disproportionate sacrifices California has endured in previous base realignment and closure rounds; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 6, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to enact legislation to establish guarantees by the federal government to support the responsible sale of postearthquake bonds by financially sound residentialearthquakeinsurance programs operated by any of the several states on an actuarially sound basis; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 14, urging Congress to support legislation reauthorizing the Export Import Bank of the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3084. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3085. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
H.R. 3086. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3087. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subsequent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreem Court of the United States. 
H.R. 3088. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of, and the 
H.R. 3089. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States; 
‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
The purpose of the bill is to require the Office of Management and Budget to provide a more extensive account of the receipts and expenditures of all current grant programs to determine which programs should be closed. 
H.R. 3090. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3091. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3092. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3093. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3094. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, Clause 3, of the United States 
H.R. 3095. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
This bill makes changes to existing law relating to Article 1, Section 7 which provides that ‘‘All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 3096. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution provides Congress with the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper’’ to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare’’ of Americans. In the Department of Education Organization Act (P.L. 96–88), Congress declared that ‘‘the establishment of a Department of Education is in the public interest, will promote the general welfare of the United States, will help ensure that education issues receive proper treatment at the Federal level, and will enable the Federal Government to coordinate its education activities more effectively.’’ The Department of Education’s mission is to ‘‘promote student achievement and preparation for global competitiveness by fostering education excellence and ensuring equal access.’’ 
H.R. 3097. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress ‘‘To coin Money, [and] regulate the Value thereof.’’ Congress currently authorizes the minting of commemorative coins, and this bill directs the proceeds of the minting. 
H.R. 3098. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitutional Authority of the United States Congress. 
Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3099. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3100. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Commerce Clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found within Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. Furthermore, the treatment of Medicaid among other provisions provide for the general welfare of the Unites States and thereby retain authority within Clause 1 of Section 8, Article of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 3101. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3102. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; and 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3103. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3104. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 3105. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3107. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3108. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3109. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3110. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and 
H.R. 3111. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
H.R. 3112. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 3113. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1 Section 1 and Article 1 Section 9. ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 136: Ms. B ASSand Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 333: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. E NGEL , and Mrs. 
H.R. 563: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 757: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 828: Mr. R OSKAM and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 921: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 969: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
NUNES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
H.R. 1233: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 1270: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1356: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
H.R. 1427: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mr. M OONEY of 
H.R. 1475: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. R EED and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 1559: Mr. L YNCH , Ms. H AHN, Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. D ELANEY , and 
H.R. 1594: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W ELCH , and 
H.R. 1599: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H URTof Virginia, 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. D ENHAM , and 
H.R. 1610: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . 
H.R. 1612: Mr. G ALLEGO and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
STIVERS , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
H.R. 1736: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
H.R. 1901: Mr. W ALKER and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1969: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R USH, Ms. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
BRAT. H.R. 2050: Mr. C OOKand Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.R. 2063: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. M EEHAN and Mrs. M CMORRIS  
H.R. 2400: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
H.R. 2449: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. 
ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. 
H.R. 2464: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. Y OHO, and 
H.R. 2494: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. C OFFMAN. 
H.R. 2553: Mr. R OSS, Ms. D ELAURO , and 
H.R. 2663: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
H.R. 2775: Mr. C OOPER and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2793: Mr. O LSON and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
CRAWFORD , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 2818: Mr. F LEMING , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
H.R. 2867: Mr. T AKANO , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. T ONKO , Ms. A DAMS , and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2920: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , and 
H.R. 2960: Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 2978: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. K APTUR, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 2979: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. K EATING , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. 
H.R. 3006: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 3024: Mr. M ARCHANT and Ms. L INDA T. 
H.R. 3052: Mr. J ONES , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
H.R. 3067: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. R ANGEL, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. G IBSON and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. F LEMING. 
H. Res. 290: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and 
H. Res. 354: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. V EASEY . 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
with the California Department of Water Resources to install’’ and insert ‘‘conduct a study, in collaboration with the California Department of Water Resources, to determine the feasibility and suitability of installing’’. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5133 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 2015 No. 111 