a joy for me to kick off the holiday season in Sparta, North Carolina, at the annual Christmas parade down Main Street. As I visited with folks at this year’s 
parade, I was reminded again how special Alleghany County and its people 
are. The pride that they take in their community is apparent in everything they do. It is especially evident in the 
much time because they love their hometown and fellow citizens. 
seen at Books ’n Friends, a nonprofit used bookstore owned by the friends of the Alleghany County Library. Since 2003, volunteers like Alice Keighton, Joyce Speas, and many others have donated their time at the bookstore, whose profits provide funding for activities and necessities at the library. 
and helps the library inform and educate the citizens of Alleghany County. 
friends of the library and all the wonderful volunteers in Alleghany County, who do so much to make it such a special place to live, work, and visit. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
there has been a great deal of discussion about trade agreements, but there is another important piece of legislation that deals with Customs. This is an often obscure element, but it makes a huge difference to be able to manage the hundreds of billions of dollars of products that leave the United States and those that are imported. 
The Customs bill represents important work by our Ways and Means Committee and our colleagues in the Senate Finance Committee finally reaching conclusion. I am pleased with many of the key results. It includes items that are not in the headlines, but are very important to the people that I represent. 
our growing outdoor industry by creating new definitions and tariff classifications for recreational performance outerwear. 
footwear, which both supports the outdoor recreation industry and makes it more affordable for people to get outside and enjoy our beautiful parks and trails. 
requiring immediate action to investigate and address trade cheaters and take measures to stop those who continually attempt to circumvent the penalties already imposed upon them. 
more complex, so, too, has trade enforcement. We can no longer rely on a handful of agencies to effectively protect our market from tax cheaters. It requires a whole government approach, and this is why it is critical to see the bill permanently establish the Interagency Trade Enforcement Center to centralize and enhance trade enforcement efforts. 
It finally puts into law a ban on the 
import of goods made with child and forced labor. This will reshape markets and provide additional tools to confront horrific work conditions around 
ensure our trade agreements actually are enforced. A lack of enforcement is a justifiable criticism of people who are skeptical of trade agreements, who wonder is it worth the paper that it is printed on to have labor and environmental protections. 
Well, the greatest obstacle to enforcement has been lack of resources. Enforcing trade agreements is expensive, time consuming, and highly complex. That is why I fought hard to include in this legislation elements that I have introduced, along with Senator MARIA CANTWELL , the Trade STRONGER Act, which creates a trade enforcement and capacitybuilding fund which would not only provide more resources for the enforcement of labor and environment violations, but helps the fund managed by the USTR be accessible governmentwide, not only for enforcement, but for incountry capacity building, helping our current and future trading partners implement the labor and environmental provisions they have committed to. 
This is an important step forward because, regardless of what one feels about a particular trade treaty, I think everyone agrees they ought to be enforced. 
This Customs bill, in addition to promoting the trade process more effectively and providing relief for some inequitable treatment for products so important to my constituents, establishes more resources to make sure our trade agreements are, in fact, enforced. 
arduous negotiations, but done in a spirit of cooperation and goodwill. 
I particularly want to thank the efforts of Speaker PAULRYANand Ways 
BRADY , who have worked with me in a 
spirit of cooperation to make sure the enforcement provisions are effective. I appreciate this. 
that we all should support because we will all benefit from it. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 
rise to tell the story of Kathryn Frederickson of Maryland. Kathryn is one of the tens of thousands of women that have been harmed by a permanent sterilization device, the medical device known as Essure. 
Essure was recommended as the optimal birth control solution for Kathryn, despite a preexisting autoimmune condition and a known nickel allergy. After the procedure, she felt severe pain, extreme bleeding, vomiting, and rashes, caused by the nickelbased device. 
Kathryn paid $7,000 out of pocket to remove the device. One coil was found in 
her uterus. She lost 2 months of work and of her life. Kat’s health has never been the same. 
I rise as a voice for the Essure Sisters 
to tell this Chamber that their stories are real, their pain is real, and that their fight is real. 
can halt this tragedy by removing this dangerous device from the market. Too many women have been harmed. 
fight and to join the bill because stories like Kathryn’s are too important to ignore. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. 
since the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, leftist politicians have called for more restrictions on gun ownership for Americans. These are the same politicians who have worked for years to open our Nation to unprecedented and indiscriminate immigration from hotbeds of Islamic extremism. 
armed terrorist is an armed American. If one person in that room in San Bernardino had been able to return fire, many innocent lives would have been saved. But Californians are subject to the most restrictive gun laws in the country, making it very difficult for lawabiding citizens to exercise their Second Amendment right to defend themselves. In a society denied its right of selfdefense, the gunman is king. 
against an armed terrorist is an armed American. Yet, the President and his followers seek to increase the number of terrorists entering through porous borders and lax immigration laws while, at the same time, seeking to decrease the number of armed Americans. 
the President on Sunday and has been parroted by his Congressional allies this week, to the point of disrupting the work of the House. 
should act to make sure no one on a nofly list is able to buy a gun.’’ He asked: What could possibly be the argument against that? 
State Senate a decade ago, I discovered suddenly I couldn’t check in for a flight. When I asked why, I was told I was on this government list. The experience was absolutely Kafkaesque. 
‘‘Well, what criteria do you use? ‘‘That is classified. ‘‘How do I get off that list? ‘‘You can’t.’’ 
I soon discovered that another California State Senator had been placed on that list. A few months later, U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy found himself on that list. 
I at least had the Office of the Sergeant at Arms of the State Senate to work through, something an ordinary American would not. Even so, it took months of working through that office with repeated petitions to the government to get my name removed from that list. 
The farce of it all was this: I was advised, in the meantime, just to fly under my middle name, which I did without incident. 
In my case, it turns out it was a case 
of mistaken identity with an IRA activist the British Government was mad at. This could happen to any American. 
this administration, the IRS has been used extensively to harass and intimidate ordinary Americans for exercising their First Amendment rights. 
on the whim of any Federal bureaucrat, an American can be denied their Second Amendment rights as well with no opportunity to confront their accuser, contest the evidence, or avail themselves of any of their other due process rights under the Constitution. 
to instill in our law is that mere suspicion by a bureaucrat is sufficient to deny lawabiding American citizens their constitutional rights under the law. Given the left’s demonstrated hostility to freedom of speech and due process of law, it is not hard to see where this is leading us. 
I would support the President’s proposal if it established a judicial process where an individual could only be placed on this list once he had been accorded his constitutional rights to be informed of the charges, to be given his day in court, to be accorded the right to confront his accuser and contest the evidence against him and submit himself to a decision by a jury of his peers. But that is the farthest thing from the left’s agenda. 
done nothing to stop the carnage in San Bernardino, where the terrorists were not on any watch list. Indeed, one was admitted from Saudi Arabia after the vetting that the President keeps assuring us is rigorous and thorough. And several of the guns used in this massacre weren’t even acquired directly but, rather, through a third party. 
want terrorists to have guns. The American people don’t want terrorists in our country in the first place. But the President’s policies have left our Nation’s gate wide open while he seeks to take from Americans their means of selfdefense. 
So I leave off as I began. The best defense against an armed terrorist is an armed American. That is what the Second Amendment is all about. It is an absolutely essential pillar of our security. 
of all. It must be defended against all enemies, foreign and domestic. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
rise today to raise awareness about Holocaust survivors’ continued quest for justice, an everelusive goal still nearly threequarters of a century after living through the crimes of modern humanity’s darkest period. 
universe’s arc bends toward justice, time is not a luxury we can afford any longer for elderly Holocaust survivors. 
Holocaust survivors, around half of them live at or near poverty. Can you imagine that? Holocaust survivors should be able to live out the remaining days in comfort and with the knowledge that their longsought justice has finally been achieved. 
was reached between the Government of France and the United States regarding victims of Holocaustrelated deportations during the Nazi era. The French rail company, SNCF, knowingly and willfully transported tens of thousands of Holocaust victims to concentration camps and near certain death during the Second World War. They were paid to do this. 
rail company and the French Government eluded any and all responsibility for these actions. For years, I have been fighting for justice for all victims of the Holocaust. 
MALONEY of New York as she attempted to shepherd the Holocaust Rail Justice Act through Congress over the past few sessions. I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York for her leadership and her unyielding effort to hold SNCF accountable for its heinous actions. 
SNCF’s—remember, that is the French rail company—culpability in the deaths of tens of thousands of Jews is not the optimal solution, it is imperative that we do hold these perpetrators accountable and that we win justice for as many Holocaust survivors and their heirs as possible. 
However, Mr. Speaker, it is important that Holocaust survivors and their families are made aware of this agreement and the claims process. Many do not know of this. 
to file a claim, the State Department has set up a Web site at www.state.gov/ deportationclaims.com. I know that is 
very difficult. Or you can call 202–776– 8385, or send an email to deportationclaims@state.gov. 
That is a lot to take in. Or contact your congressional Representative, and we can help. 
spread the word to make sure that every Holocaust survivor eligible gets an opportunity to file a claim. I want to thank the continued efforts and the support of the many Holocaust survivors that I am blessed to have in my congressional district who have been at the forefront in the fight for justice for survivors and their heirs. 
David Schaecter, Joe Sachs, Alex Gross, Herbie Karliner, Jack Rubin, and so many others—they have seen the unforgettable, and they have lived through the unthinkable. Yet, they continue steadfast in the fight for justice against those who have committed the unforgivable and the unthinkable. 
have pursued justice for these individuals at every turn, like my good friend and longtime constituent, Sam Dubbin. Sam has been instrumental in highlighting fraud at the Claims Conference, that we know now, very clearly, occurred over decades and deprived Holocaust survivors of at least tens of millions of dollars, and the real numbers are likely even higher. 
Next year, Mr. Speaker, I plan to introduce my bill, once again, to allow survivors to have their day in court. That is all the bill does, to have their day in court, because we now know that the Claims Conference process has failed so many of the Holocaust survivors. 
We owe survivors and their heirs every opportunity to achieve justice. I urge my colleagues to continue this fight on behalf of the remaining Holocaust survivors and their heirs to get the word out to their constituents and their local community leaders. 
If you know someone who may be eligible to receive compensation under this incredibly horrific act done by the French rail company to transport victims to certain death, please direct them to the State Department Web site. The deadline is May 31 next year. Let’s get the word out as soon and as far as possible. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. 
want to start by thanking my good friend and colleague from Florida for her efforts in trying to make sure we are doing all we can for the Holocaust survivors. 
these are very turbulent and fastmoving times. As we train our focus on ISIS, however, I think it would be a 
the terror threat from Iran, the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror. 
In the past week, two alarming developments have exposed why Iran cannot be trusted: 
International Atomic Energy Agency revealed that Iran had previously been working on nuclear weapons. 
Iran’s repeated insistence that its nuclear program had only been for peaceful purposes, the IAEA report makes clear that Iran had an active nuclear weapons program. 
telling a very big lie for some time. This deceit is precisely why we must not close the book on uncovering Iran’s past nuclear efforts. 
reported that on November 21, Iran tested a ballistic missile, one capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. This is a breach of multiple United Nations Security Council resolutions and is in obvious defiance of the 8year ban on ballistic missile work that was part of the nuclear agreement. 
ballistic missile since the conclusion of the nuclear agreement. Regrettably, no such action has been taken against Iran for that first test in October. Instead, the U.N. Security Council is still debating on how to respond. They are still debating. What message does that send? 
pass for these flagrant provocations. A failure to forcibly respond now with repercussions will only encourage Iran to incrementally cheat in the future again and again, as it already has. 
looking the other way so as not to ruffle any feathers in Tehran will neither bring peace nor an end to belligerent behavior from the Iranians. We know that Iran cannot be trusted, plain and simple. We know that Iran will continue to test the world’s resolve. 
is whether the world will even be interested in responding. It is time for our voices to be heard loud and clear. The United States must step forward and lead. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at noon. PRAYER 
funding of government in these waning days of the first session, grant them a surfeit of wisdom and a spirit of cooperation in ongoing negotiations. 
sense of peace and healing as the victims of San Bernardino are being laid to rest. During this holy season, continue to be with us. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P AULSEN) come forward and lead the House 
Mr. PAULSEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
absent from the tax extenders bill released this week is a provision on which 174,000 American jobs depend. 
percent credit for the installation of solar on residential and commercial properties, was implemented in 2006. The result has been an annual growth of 73 percent. 
develop panels that have soared in efficiency and plummeted in price. Solar is our fastest growing energy source and is responsible for 40 percent of all new generating capacity brought online this year. Solar employment is growing at a rate 20 times higher than the overall economy. 
not extended, that growth will stop, demand will drop by 71 percent, and 100,000 jobs will be lost; but a 5year extension would create 60,000 jobs and allow the industry to come to maturity. 
does not include the solar investment tax credit is not serious about creating American jobs. I urge its inclusion. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to honor and celebrate the life of a patriot and dear friend, Mary Caldwell Plumer, known as Mere. 
Mere accomplished so much throughout her long and rewarding life and did it with a constant smile and positive outlook. We treasured the moments we had with Mere because we knew we could not have her forever. 
As per her wish, I will not stand by 
her grave and cry but adhere to the standards she established and always maintained of loving life and each other. Her friends, family, and loved ones admired her, and we were blessed to have known her. 
with her husband of 45 years, Dick, and two of her children, Penny and Christopher. Though Heaven has gained her, we have not lost her; and we will never lose her, for she is rooted in our hearts and in our memories now and forever. 
soninlaw, Patience and Charles Flick; her son, Richard; and her three loving grandchildren, Penny, Bonnie, and Willis Flick. 
today to call on my Republican colleagues to approve the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act, which would prevent individuals on the terrorist watch list from buying weapons here in the U.S. This legislation has been blocked from coming to the floor for a vote nearly a dozen times over the past 2 weeks. 
Most Americans find it mindboggling that we continue to allow individuals deemed too dangerous to fly to buy weapons in the U.S., guns designed to kill as many people as possible, as quickly as possible. 
colleagues to fix this loophole and protect our citizens, to find some courage and put the safety of the American people before the politics of the gun lobby. 
have concerns over how the terrorist watch list is constructed, then they should offer an amendment to fix it. But more than 2,000 suspects on the terrorist watch list have already bought guns in our country. We don’t need to add to that list. We need to act right now. 
today to recognize the outstanding accomplishments of three West Virginia State football champions, all of which are from the First District of West Virginia: Head Coach Josh Nicewarner and the Indians of Bridgeport High School on their third straight Class AA championship title; and from Magnolia High School, Head Coach Josh Sims and the Blue Eagles on their single A championship title; and for the first time in school history, Chris Daugherty and the Wheeling Park Patriots on the Class AAA championship. 
astute research staff that, except for States with one Representative, this is the first time in American history that all three high school champions have 
come in a single year from one district. So I challenge my esteemed colleagues, Mr. JENKINS and Mr. M OONEY , from the 
other districts of West Virginia, to match that title next year. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate International Human Rights Day. 
This year we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. 
America was founded upon freedom, democracy, and liberty, and America must perform its role as an advocate and as a defender of these values. 
conscience are currently imprisoned in Vietnam due to their political views and activities. These activists are victims of constant mental and physical harassment and oftentimes are forced to endure unsanitary prison conditions. 
Thuc, Dang Xuan Dieu, and Ho Duc Hoa, were falsely tried and imprisoned simply for practicing their right to assemble. 
country known for its horrendous human rights record, held its first free election, yet Vietnam continues to function as a singleparty system. Today, on International Human Rights Day, I urge Vietnam to finally open up its society and to empower its people. 
today to pay tribute to the life of Thomas Gallagher, an honorable public servant who passed away earlier this week. 
States Air Force during the Korean war, Thomas earned an undergraduate and master’s degree while simultaneously pursuing his career in law enforcement and raising a family. 
Police Department in 1957 and went on to serve the city for 37 years, rising all the way to the rank of assistant chief. 
the son of Irish immigrants. From a very early age, he learned the importance of hard work and selfless dedication to his family and the community. Though he endured many tragedies in his life, including the loss of all three of his wives to various diseases, he never lost his zeal for life. He was often buoyed by the great pride he held for 
all three of his children, who rose to become great successes in law, business, and the Secret Service. 
Thomas personifies the great American spirit. Not only did he persevere through trying times, he prospered. His was a life well lived, and I feel truly blessed to have known him and his great family. 
rise to recognize the life of a truly extraordinary Granite Stater, Professor John Rassias, who passed away last week in New Hampshire at the age of 90. 
Granite Stater, a World War II veteran, and an internationally renowned language professor at my alma mater, Dartmouth College. He developed the Rassias method, a revolutionary way of teaching languages that includes rapid fire drills and dramatic flair, allowing students to be immersed in the language and culture. 
teaching style has been widely adopted at universities and institutions around the world, including in the Peace Corps, where Dr. Rassias was the first director of language programs in 1964. 
teaching language. Dr. Rassias’ deep commitment to cultural dialogue and understanding shaped the perspective of countless students and inspired them to make the world a better place. He will be truly missed by the entire Granite State and members of the Dartmouth community throughout the world. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
pinky swear promise is a universal symbol to keep one’s promise and one’s word. For the Pinky Swear Foundation, keeping that promise means helping children who are battling cancer and their families. 
started 12 years ago, after 9yearold Mitch Chepokas of Chanhassen, Minnesota, had been diagnosed with terminal bone cancer and, while in his hospital room, overheard others discussing that there would not be enough money for Christmas that year. 
away all of his money to those families so they could celebrate the holidays, and he made his father pinky swear to continue to make sure that they will 
joined by others in the community and around the country who have agreed to help keep this promise and help in the fight against cancer. The Pinky Swear Foundation has raised millions of dollars for different events for this cause. 
Swear Day and a great time to recognize the wonderful work of this foundation. Mitch’s bravery, selflessness, and heart continue to live on to help others. 
years, Maui Family Support Services has been helping to build strong, healthy families on Maui, Molokai, and Lanai. 
Last year alone, the organization assisted over 5,000 people in need, which included: making 4,466 home visits; helping 136 people access mental health, substance abuse, or domestic violence services; and providing developmental screenings for 953 children. 
have gone through the organization’s programs for early childhood development, teen substance abuse prevention, and fatherhood involvement, helping to build and strengthen local families and communities. 
in poverty, and it is organizations like Maui Family Support Services that play a critical role in making sure that our keiki and local families get the support and services they need. 
to this great organization for the service that they have provided for over 35 years. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
may know, and others may know, and may have heard about the wildfires that swept through central Washington this past summer, destroying many homes, lives, wildstock, and livestock across Washington State. Tragically, they also took the lives of three brave firefighters. 
Lyons, who is also a firefighter, was with his friends and partners, Richard Wheeler, Andrew Zajac, and Tom Zbyszewski, when their vehicle was overcome by flames. Daniel made it out of the fire truck alive but suffered burns over 60 percent of his body. 
A few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to meet with Daniel. After he had spent 3 months undergoing treatment at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle, he has a positive attitude about life, and is excited about his opportunity to continue to serve. 
police officer. He lost his fingertips in this fire. He still believes that he—and I know he can do this, and I want to be there for him—can accomplish his goal of continuing to serve as a police officer in the State of Washington. 
As a former cop of 33 years, I could 
not be more proud of Daniel. He is a reallife hero. I will always remember his friends and partners. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Shahzad was already on the nofly list when he attempted to bomb Times Square in May of 2010. If he had decided to walk into a gun store that day, he would have walked out with a gun in hand. Fortunately, Shahzad’s bomb failed to go off. But had he, instead, purchased a militarystyle weapon that day, it could have been very different. 
sense that suspected terrorists can walk into a gun store and purchase any firearm that they would like. They can’t walk onto a plane, mind you, but they can purchase a militarystyle assault weapon and wreak havoc on a community. 
Seventyseven percent of the American people believe we should close this loophole. The Republicans have an option. A bill by their Republican colleague from New York (Mr. KING) 
I ask my colleagues on the Republican side to listen to Mr. K INGand the 
American people and not to the NRA and the gun manufacturers. We have had enough moments of silence. For once, let’s have a moment of action. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to discuss important legislation that will help keep our country safe. 
globe, our national security has been at the forefront of our minds. As elected officials, we have a responsibility to do everything we can to protect our Nation. That is why I reintroduced H.R. 4089, the Student Visa Security Improvement Act, to further address potential threats to our national security. 
of vulnerabilities that must be addressed in our student visa program. This bill would provide additional scrutiny for foreign students and exchange applicants, and put mechanisms into place to ensure students are in this country for their intended purpose, rather than to do us harm. 
My legislation will safeguard our universities, communities, and our Nation. I urge my colleagues to support this very important piece of legislation. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House passed bipartisan legislation to better protect our Nation by making our Visa Waiver Program more rigorous. That is because we recognized, on a bipartisan basis, that legal loopholes that make Americans less safe must be closed. 
to commonsense gun violence legislation? That is a rhetorical question because I think we all know that the gun manufacturing and sales industry and their puppet, the NRA, have a stranglehold on the Republican majority in this Congress that has kept Congress silent for years on this issue, but that silence will no longer be tolerated. 
terrorist watch list have legally purchased guns in the United States in recent years. Thankfully, one brave Republican has dared to confront the gun lobby by introducing a bill to close this loophole. I demand a vote on that bill. 
thoughts and prayers in response to mass shootings. They are sick of our regularly scheduled moments of silence. Our silence has become the problem. 
the gun violence epidemic in this country. There is no better way to start than the bipartisan bill prohibiting suspected terrorists on the terrorist watch list from stockpiling assault weapons. 
Let’s have a vote on H.R. 1076. It is 
time to end Congress’ shameful silence on this critical national security issue. 
today to recognize the Valor Christian High School football team. 
to a 29–26 victory over Pomona to capture the State title for the sixth time in seven seasons. 
the team is a testament to their character and tenacity. The players stood 
minutes is a credit to the determination and commitment of the entire team and Coach Rod Sherman. 
It is an honor to highlight the accomplishments of these young men, who finished the season 12–2 and established an impressive 30–1 playoff record. 
championship game MVP, junior quarterback Dylan McCaffrey, who led the team on two touchdown drives in the final minutes to win the comeback victory. 
Christian High School football team on their impressive season. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to stop the silence and to encourage and stress that my colleagues need to take action to expand background checks and to close the loopholes. I will continue to stand here and fight, and I will not be silent. 
spoken about the loophole that allows terrorist suspects to purchase guns, we have many other loopholes that present a danger to the safety of Americans and our homeland. 
Act in 1994, the law has stopped nearly 2.5 million guns from being transferred to individuals legally disqualified. However, despite the success of this law, it does not apply to 40 percent of all gun purchases. 
favor universal background checks. It is well past time for us, as Congress, to reflect the will of the people that we represent, to pass legislation to expand background checks, and to close the loopholes. 
the people sent us here to do, and that is to take action. 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Sixtyseven years ago today, December 10, 1948, the U.N. General Assembly proclaimed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The Universal Declaration set out a common understanding of the fundamental human rights that were to be universally protected. 
rights intrinsic to every human being. In many regions of the world, people continue to struggle to attain the most basic rights and respect for their basic human dignity. In several regions of the world, defenseless civilians face attacks by terrorist organizations and 
networks that seek to intimidate, maim, and kill in the name of a distorted theology. 
and people everywhere in reaffirming our commitment to the fundamental rights and freedoms contained in the Universal Declaration, and urge all leaders to redouble their efforts to promote and guarantee them. 
rights defenders everywhere, who so often carry out their work at great risk to themselves and their families. 
here today to speak about weapons of murder and terror. 
should not be able to walk into a gun store and come out with weapons of murder and terror. 
obligation to keep American families safe. To not bring the bipartisan bill, H.R. 1076, to the floor for a vote is to deny us the opportunity to keep our families safer. 
straightforward. If you are a suspected terrorist, you should not be able to buy a gun. If you are a suspected terrorist, you should not, Mr. Speaker, be able to buy a gun. I will say it today and tomorrow and repeatedly: if you are a suspected terrorist, you should not be able to buy a gun. We should not have guns and weapons of murder and terror. 
I will no longer be silent. Mr. Speaker, we should no longer be silent. Let’s transcend partisan politics and uphold our promise to keep American families safe. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Shannon Johnson. 
On December 2, our country witnessed the worst terrorist attack on American soil since 9/11. On this horrific day in San Bernardino, California, 14 people were tragically killed. 
people whose life was cut short that day. His friends and family say he enjoyed laughter, conversation, and music. He believed in the greatness of love, equality, and kindness, and treated others accordingly. 
was a native of Jesup, Georgia, in the First Congressional District, displayed the ultimate act of heroism and sacrifice by shielding fellow coworkers from a hail of bullets. His last words 
thoughts and prayers go out to his friends and family. I hope we may all recognize and never forget the acts of sacrifice that Mr. Johnson and others have made to protect the ones we love. 
rise today to introduce a resolution calling for reestablishing full diplomatic relations between the United States and the nation of Belarus with the focus of exchanging ambassadors between our countries. This resolution recognizes that the Government of Belarus has reached out to the West and has improved political conditions in their own country. 
Security Cooperation in Europe monitored the recent Presidential election in Belarus and noted the progress made in establishing a more democratic and open system. 
action is that it played a significant role in bringing about a ceasefire in Ukraine. It did this by hosting immense diplomatic talks between all 
year, Belarus released all of its very few political prisoners. 
the United States have temporarily lifted economic sanctions. Hopefully, that temporary suspension of economic sanctions will become permanent as Belarus continues to improve its standing. 
Exchanging ambassadors, as my resolution calls for, is a major step forward in the right direction. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution, which I will submit to the Congress right now. 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
because passing commonsense gun legislation should really not be a partisan issue. What our country needs is commonsense gun reform, but many in this Chamber won’t even take the first step: taking guns out of the hands of terrorists. 
have voted to block debate. Let me say that again: a debate. They won’t even let us discuss Congressman PETER  
KING’s Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act, otherwise known as H.R. 1076. That is simply outrageous. We should debate, yes, and we should vote up or down on this important bill. 
This bill, which I am proud to cosponsor, would close a dangerous loophole that allows individuals on the government’s nofly list to legally purchase guns. Let me emphasize this. These are people who are deemed too dangerous to fly on planes, but they can and do purchase guns. If they are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, why aren’t they too dangerous to have a weapon that fires 800 rounds per minute? 
My Democratic colleagues and I remain committed to blocking dangerous individuals from buying guns, and we remain committed to stopping the senseless violence that has already taken too many lives in this country. It is past time to listen to the American people and not to the NRA. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, just a few minutes ago I returned from the White House, where President Barack Obama signed historic reforms for elementary and secondary education into law. 
I was proud to serve on the conference committee that was responsible for settling the differences between the House and the Senate versions of the Every Student Succeeds Act, which has replaced No Child Left Behind. 
years in the making and which will finally put the control of education back into the hands of our States, our schools, and, of course, our parents and teachers across the Nation. 
of Education to study how title I funds are distributed. I have long been concerned that children are put at a disadvantage based on the populations of their school districts rather than on a concentration of poverty. I am hopeful that this study will make the argument for a more equitable method of distributing these funds to areas that are deeply affected by poverty. 
This is a bill that I believe will make 
a real difference for students across the Nation. I was proud to see it gain overwhelming bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate. 
elected to protect and serve the American people against all enemies, foreign and domestic. One of the best ways that we can uphold this sacred duty is to deal with the gun violence epidemic that we have in America, which claims the lives of more than 11,000 people each year. 
doing is passing legislation to prevent individuals who are on the FBI’s terrorist watch list, because they are suspected terrorists, from being able to purchase guns. To me, this seems to be a nobrainer. 
If you are not able to fly because you 
are a suspected terrorist, you should not be able to purchase an AK–47, an AR–15, or another weapon of mass destruction which is not used to hunt deer, but is used to hunt human beings. 
stop functioning as wholly owned subsidiaries of the NRA. It is time to cut the puppet strings from the gun lobby. It is time to do the business of the American people and pass sensible gun violence prevention legislation. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support and was signed into law today by the President. Education is not a partisan issue. At a time of political gridlock, I am proud to see both bodies and both parties come together to improve our education system. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act repeals No Child Left Behind, gets rid of 49 wasteful and ineffective programs, and eliminates the Secretary of Education’s coercion of States into adopting Common Core standards. 
gets Washington out of our local classrooms and it restores control back to the school districts, teachers, and parents. These are the folks who know what our children need to succeed, not bureaucrats who are thousands of miles away. 
that the future of Georgia’s 12th District education system belongs in Georgia, not in Washington. As a member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I am proud to see the Every Student Succeeds Act as the law of the land. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
given the challenges we face today with the economy and the labor force, I have watched since December 2 so much dishonesty on this floor concerning the actions on December 2 and the ability for terrorists to purchase weapons automatically. 
Senate Judiciary Committee that every time someone buys a weapon it is run through the FBI and they are notified if someone is on the nofly list. 
other side of the aisle as they keep talking about having to protect our public when, in turn, they are taking away the Constitution of our Nation. 
is reviewed. If the terrorists are actually buying weapons and walking the streets, they should be arrested, but they are not. 
You can get on the nofly list. I personally have been on the nofly list. It took me 6 months to get off of it. They didn’t tell me who put me on it, why I was put on it, and what it was the result from. Six months. 
to have people say that terrorists are running around buying guns is an outright lie. I will say that on the floor. It is not true. It is part of the Constitution. We should uphold the Constitution. 
uphold the Constitution. What they are talking about doing is against the Constitution. I will fight until my dying breath to make sure that we have the ability to retain the Second Amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 2820. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) at 2 o’clock 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3831) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ) and the gentleman 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 3831, the Securing Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act of 2015. This is a small but really important piece of legislation. I am pleased to have the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP SON), my friend, here to discuss this 
The House passed this measure earlier this year, in June, by unanimous consent. Now, we return to the bill to add the technical corrections asked for by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and the Senate so we can send this bill to the President’s desk before the end of the year. 
Today, the Medicare Advantage program, known by many as the MA program, serves more than 16 million seniors across the United States of America, including my mom and dad. Enrollment has increased more than threefold in the past 10 years and is expected to nearly double in the next 10 years. 
across the country are able to continue to receive the highquality care that they deserve, CMS is expected to pay about $156 billion to more than 3,600 MA plans this year alone. That amounts to nearly 30 percent of overall Medicare spending. 
what it calls a rate notice to plans and Medicare Advantage companies that details the various payment rates, as well as benefit changes that the agency intends to make for the following plan year that impacts people like my mom and dad. This notice follows the standard process of a draft notice. It gets published; then the public has a certain amount of time to submit comments and questions; and then the agency publishes a final notice based on that feedback that they receive. 
treated the same as the other major payment systems within Medicare itself. Right now, the current process takes about 45 days, but only 15 of those days are allotted for the commenting portion; 15 days for thousands of plans, millions of stakeholders to submit comments on proposed changes to a program that amounts to one third of all Medicare spending. 
rate notice were a short and concise document, if it were easy to understand and simple to implement. But it is not. In fact, the rate notice has grown from around 16 pages in 2006 to nearly 150 pages this year. That is over 
a 900 percent increase. All the while, the time for the public comment period has remained static, exactly the same. 
plans and Congress to conduct the necessary review in order to provide CMS with the kind of feedback that would better help the agency assess the impact of their proposed changes to consumers. This is important because without accurate feedback, CMS could inadvertently move forward with a proposed change to the Medicare Advantage program that might negatively impact those seniors—again, like my mom and dad—who depend on these plans for access to their providers, to their doctors. 
and it is straightforward. It extends the public notice period from 45 days to 60 days. Therefore, it would double the extension of the comment period from 15 days to 30 days. This is a commonsense, goodgovernment fix we can make that will give plans more time to understand the changes that CMS proposes and other constructive feedback in order to make the Medicare Advantage program, overall, more responsive to senior citizens’ needs. 
sides of the aisle to pass this legislation again and send it to the Senate so we can get it to the President’s desk. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3831, the Securing Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act of 2015. Every year, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services publishes its Medicare Advantage call letter and rate notice, which outlines payment rates and changes for the nearly 2,000 plans that serve our most vulnerable population. 
and rate notice were less than 20 pages long. However, since then, enrollment in Medicare Advantage has nearly tripled, from 5.4 million to 16 million. Medicare Advantage policies have become more complex, and the call letter and rate notice has grown nearly tenfold, sometimes up to over 200 pages long. 
the publishing of these draft notices and the final notices, which is currently 45 days, has remained unchanged. During this 45day period, in which there are only 15 days to comment on the proposed changes in the program, plans, stockholders, members, and staff, are expected to review 150 pages of regulatory changes and understand the impacts of those proposed policy changes on a program that provides essential medical care to over a third of Medicare beneficiaries. 
February and March, that this does not lend itself to an efficient, effective, nor transparent process. Moreover, it 
shortchanges CMS of thoughtful, constructive feedback that is necessary to improve a program that our seniors enjoy and rely on. 
bill that will improve the current process by expanding the cycle from 45 to 60 days, and that gives plans, stakeholders, Members, and our staff 30 full days—double the current time allowed—to analyze and provide feedback on the draft call letter and rate notice. 
bipartisan bill that will make the process more transparent, fair, and advantageous for the beneficiaries we serve. As my good friend from Ohio pointed out, we have already passed this bill. It is only coming back for some technical changes. I would ask, and strongly recommend, that all our colleagues vote in favor of this bill so we can pass it to the Senate and get on with our work. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3831, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, just to 
close, I agree 100 percent with my friend from California. I urge all our colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3831, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 808) to establish the Surface Transportation Board as an independent establishment, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. 
budget estimate, budget request, supplemental budget estimate, or other budget information, legislative recommendation, prepared testimony for a congressional hearing, or comment on legislation to the President or to the Office of Management and Budget, the Board shall concurrently submit a copy of such document to— 
agency of the United States has any authority to require the Board to submit budget estimates or requests, legislative recommendations, prepared testimony for congressional 
hearings, or comments on legislation to any officer or agency of the United States for approval, comments, or review before submitting such recommendations, testimony, or comments to Congress.’’. 
be individuals with professional standing and demonstrated knowledge in the fields of transportation, transportation regulation, or economic regulation; and 
deemed to be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5. 
552b of title 5, a majority of the members may hold a meeting that is not open to public observation to discuss official agency business if— 
‘‘(ii) each individual present at the meeting is a member or an employee of the Board; and 
this paragraph may be construed to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the members other than that described in this paragraph. 
from any individual any record that is accessible to that individual under section 552a of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
post a quarterly report of rail rate review cases pending or completed by the Board during the previous quarter that includes— 
post a quarterly report of formal and informal service complaints received by the Board during the previous quarter that includes— 
the Department of Transportation, in accordance with the mission of the Inspector General to prevent and detect fraud and abuse, shall have authority to review only the financial management, property management, and business operations of the Surface Transportation Board, including internal accounting and administrative control systems, to determine the Board’s compliance with applicable Federal laws, rules, and regulations. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives fully and currently informed about problems relating to administration of the internal accounting and administrative control systems of the Board; 
appropriated to the Secretary of Transportation for use by the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation such sums as may be necessary to cover expenses associated with activities pursuant to the authority exercised under this section. 
‘‘1303. Administrative provisions. ‘‘1304. Reports. ‘‘1305. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘1306. Reporting official action. 
‘‘1322. Board action. ‘‘1323. Service of notice in Board proceedings. ‘‘1324. Service of process in court proceedings. 
simplified and expedited methods for determining the reasonableness of challenged rates in those cases in which a full stand alone cost presentation is too costly, given the value of the case.’’. 
all that follows through ‘‘railroad rates.’’ and inserting the following: 
than 150 days after the date on which the challenge is initiated. 
not later than 60 days after the date on which the development of the evidentiary record is completed under clause (ii). 
not later than 180 days after the date on which the evidentiary record is completed under clause (ii). 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Surface Transportation Board shall initiate a proceeding to assess procedures that are available to parties in litigation before courts to expedite such litigation and the potential application of any such procedures to rate cases. 
the Board finds a violation of this part in a proceeding brought on its own initiative, any remedy from such proceeding may only be applied prospectively.’’. 
the investigation, provide written notice to the parties under investigation, which shall state the basis for such investigation; 
to file a written statement describing any or all facts and circumstances concerning a matter which may be the subject of such investigation; 
concluded by the Board with administrative finality within 1 year after the date on which it was commenced; and 
against whom a violation is found as a result of an investigation begun on the Board’s own initiative may, not later than 60 days after the date of the order of the Board finding such a violation, institute an action in the United States court of appeals for the appropriate judicial circuit for de novo review of such order in accordance with chapter 7 of title 5. 
judgment affirming, modifying, or setting aside, in whole or in part, the order of the Board; and 
Board for such further action as the court may direct.’’. 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board shall issue rules, after notice and comment rulemaking, for investigations commenced on its own initiative that— 
after the date of the enactment of the Surface Transportation Board Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Board shall promulgate regulations to establish a voluntary and binding arbitration process to resolve rail rate and practice complaints subject to the jurisdiction of the Board. 
make the voluntary and binding arbitration process available only to the relevant parties if the rail carrier has market dominance (as determined under section 10707); and 
arbitrators shall be selected not later than 14 days after the date of the Board’s decision to initiate arbitration. 
arbitrators, as applicable, shall issue a decision not later than 30 days after the date on which the evidentiary record is closed. 
any of the timelines under this subsection upon the agreement of all parties in the dispute. 
by all of the parties, an arbitration under this section shall be conducted by an arbitrator or panel of arbitrators, which shall be selected from a roster, maintained by the Board, of persons with rail transportation, economic regulation, professional or business experience, including agriculture, in the 
under this section, the arbitrators shall perform their duties with diligence, good faith, and in a manner consistent with the requirements of impartiality and independence. 
agree to select a panel of arbitrators, instead of a single arbitrator, the panel shall be selected under this subsection as follows: 
select 1 arbitrator from the roster to serve as the lead arbitrator of the panel of arbitrators. 
costs incurred by the Board and arbitrators equally, with each party responsible for paying its own legal and other associated arbitration costs. 
for rate disputes, including any rate prescription, may not exceed $25,000,000. 
shall be limited to not longer than 5 years from the date of the arbitral decision. 
decision under this section to the Board, the Board may review the decision under this section to determine if— 
contents for chapter 117 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a study of rail transportation contract proposals containing multiple origintodestination movements. 
case methodologies are sufficient, not unduly complex, and cost effective; 
‘‘for the infrastructure and investment needed to meet the present and future demand for rail services and’’ after ‘‘management,’’. 
affect any suit commenced by or against the Surface Transportation Board, or any proceeding or challenge pending before the Surface Transportation Board, before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the 
gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 808. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. 
the chairman for giving me time to speak on the Surface Transportation Board Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
This is an important piece of legislation that will reform the STB to work more efficiently to better regulate the railroads. This year is the 35th anniversary of the passage of the Staggers Rail Act of 1980, which saved the railroad industry from bankruptcy. 
held a hearing on the successes of the railroad deregulation. We heard how railroads were freed to act more like true businesses by charging market 
driven rates and being able to right size their operations along rail lines, which made economic sense. 
in the creation of the STB in the Interstate Commerce Commission Termination Act of 1995. The STB is a small but significant agency that conducts the economic regulation of the railroads and has not been reauthorized since its creation. 
streamline and simplify regulatory activities, a hallmark of this Congress. 
While the STB has successfully overseen a stronger railroad industry, this bill will help the rail industry better serve its customers: 
First, it streamlines dispute resolution procedures and sets hard deadlines for completion of rate cases to reduce litigation costs; 
Second, it provides greater transparency into complaints received by the STB and requires enhanced reporting by the agency; 
regulatory action that has been proposed in the past. Instead, it makes necessary reforms to the agency to improve its processes and procedures; 
from shipper groups across the country, including the National Grain and Feed Association, the American Chemistry Council, The Fertilizer Institute, and the American Farm Bureau Federation. 
support the STB Reauthorization Act. It is only fitting that we are considering this bill just over 35 years since Congress passed the Staggers Rail Act, which allowed the railroads to thrive. I believe this bill will continue to make the STB and the rail industry better for the Nation’s rail shippers, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation. 
tired of agreeing with my colleagues. This is the way transportation issues are supposed to be: bipartisan, thoughtful, and relatively easy to pass. 
which reauthorizes the STB, as you have already heard. This Board has not been reauthorized since it was created by the Interstate Commerce Commission Termination Act of 1995. That is ridiculous. It is about time we do it, and I am happy that I am here today to participate in that. 
For those who don’t know, the Surface Transportation Board is currently a threemember, bipartisan agency within the Department of Transportation. They have regulatory jurisdiction over the rates freight railroads charge their customers, mergers between railroad companies, new rail line construction, abandonment and conversion of existing rail lines, and other such matters. Though an agency very few Americans know about, the STB has a profound impact on the availability and cost of goods across our Nation. This bill makes a number of commonsense reforms to the Board. 
It establishes the STB as an independent entity, rather than as part of the Department of Transportation, and expands Board membership from three to five. I know that sounds like a small matter, but by doing so, it allows members to actually talk to each other without breaking certain laws of members being unable to talk for obvious open government purposes. 
The bill requires the STB to streamline their processes for certain rate cases; sets rate review timelines for full, standalone cost rate challenges; and requires the STB to initiate a proceeding to develop other methods to expedite rate cases. 
able to initiate their own investigations on different allegations. Right now, current law requires someone to bring a complaint before they can initiate a review. This is a major improvement. 
a voluntary and binding arbitration process to resolve rail rate and service complaints, and it requires the STB to evaluate whether current large rate case methodologies are sufficient, cost effective, and are not unduly complex. 
an important, if not widely known, issue. I urge Members to support this bill. 
Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D EFAZIO, and, of course, our colleagues in 
I think Mr. CAPUANO said it accurately: Transportation and infrastructure bills should come to the floor in a bipartisan way, figuring these things out, because this is good for America. It has nothing to do with Republicans or Democrats. It has to do with what is good for the American people, what is good for the American economy. 
the Federal economic regulator of the Nation’s freight system, and that has been a real success story. Since the Staggers Rail Act was passed, I believe, as the gentleman from Massachusetts mentioned, in 1980, our freight rail system is the envy of the world. It is strong. It is vibrant. It does a great job. But I know the STB reauthorization and making some of these significant changes is going to be beneficial to everybody. 
I think the gentleman from California ticked off a list of different outside groups or stakeholders and people that utilize rail that are in favor of this. Again, they sat down and worked it out. This will allow the STB to run 
I am not going to go through all the 
job of that—of the changes that it makes and the authorities it gives them. It is going to streamline this and get these rate cases to the STB faster and get us through that process quicker. That is extremely important. So I believe this legislation is a crucial step for the railroad industry, the folks that use it on a daytoday basis, and the American economy. 
bill with broad support, and I am pleased that we are moving this forward today. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), 
my friend, the ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
the ranking member of the subcommittee for yielding. He has already explained in detail what is important about this legislation: the first reauthorization since the creation of the agency, the streamlining of rate dispute processes, the potential of arbitration in the future, and enlarging the Board so they can be more facile in terms of making decisions without violating public meetings laws. All those things are very important. I am just going to add a little bit of what this means to me kind of stuff for anybody who might be interested. 
When I was a relatively junior Member of Congress—I think I am probably the only Member of Congress who has testified twice before the Surface Transportation Board—we had a huge crisis in the West—I think it was after the UP–SP merger—where my Christmas tree growers couldn’t get railcars. So I famously made the ‘‘How the Grinch Stole Christmas’’ presentation to the Surface Transportation Board. We did, not too long thereafter, get some railcars delivered and got those trees to families all across the Western United States. That was important to an important little industry that we have in Oregon. 
More importantly, I went to the Surface Transportation Board again. We had something called RailAmerica, which was an accumulation of many, many short line railroads across the country. It was bought by and being managed by one of those wonderful Wall Street hedge funds, who were driving both our rail line and other rail lines into the ground. They didn’t have the slightest bit of interest in being in the rail business. They were just trying to drain what money they could out of those railroads. 
to abandon the Coos Bay Railroad. It runs from the Willamette Valley all the way down to Coos Bay, Oregon, and back up to Coquille. It covers about 150 
miles. It was the only rail to the coast and to a major port in Oregon, the Port of Coos Bay, North Bend. 
They managed to get their equipment back, but they stranded railcars full of lumber and other goods by saying: ‘‘Sorry, it is done. We are done.’’ They didn’t notify anybody. No proper procedures were filed. ‘‘We are abandoning the line, and we are going to rip it up, and we are going to sell the rails to the Chinese for scrap.’’ 
together with the thenGovernor and we brought some legal clout to the table. We partnered with the Port of Coos Bay, North Bend, and said what if we can get Federal and State money and buy this railroad? The hedge fund said they weren’t interested. They thought they could make more money by ripping it up, selling the rightof way, and selling the scrap steel to China. 
So I went to the Surface Transportation Board. The Surface Transportation Board made the hedge fund sell the railroad as a railroad. As decrepit as it was, it was an incredibly critical piece of infrastructure. 
that we don’t do around here anymore that I had gotten to improve the rail bridge over the harbor and got that converted in a technical correction to money to help purchase the railroad from this rotten hedge fund. The State partnered. The port became the operator. 
got the Short Line Operator of the Year award. It is providing a tremendous economic benefit and future for the south coast of my district. And absent the regulators—we all want to carry on about how bad regulators are, but when you have abusers out there like hedge funds that buy up critical infrastructure and couldn’t give a damn about them—we need people like the Surface Transportation Board to preserve critical assets for our communities. 
So I am thrilled to be here today to 
reauthorize, for the first time, the Surface Transportation Board, streamline them, and enhance their capabilities so that in the future, other aggrieved communities or business sectors can go to the STB and get a quick judgment when they need and deserve it. 
a list of over 160 organizations that support S. 808. They are users of the railroad system, from agriculture interests to chemical, auto, pipe manufacturers, and energy companies. 
Agribusiness Association of Iowa, Agribusiness Council of Indiana, Agricultural Retailers Association, Agriculture Transportation Coalition, Alabama Crop Management Association, Alliance for Rail Competition, Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, American Chemistry Council, American 
Farm Bureau Federation, American Forest & Paper Association, American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers Association, American Iron and Steel Institute, American Malting Barley Association, Inc., American Public Power Association, American Soybean Association, Auto Care Association, Chemical Industry Council of Delaware, Chemical Industry Council of Illinois, Chemistry Council of Missouri. 
Association of Wheat Growers, Connecticut Business & Industry Association, Corn Refiners Association, Edison Electric Institute, Florida Fertilizer & Agrichemical Association, Foundry Association of Michigan, Freight Rail Customer Alliance, Georgia Agribusiness Council, Georgia Chemistry Council, Glass Packaging Institute, Grain and Feed Association of Illinois, Green Coffee Association, Grocery Manufacturers Association, Growth Energy, Idaho Barley Commission, Idaho Grain Producers Association. 
Idaho Wheat Commission, Illinois Fertilizer & Chemical Association, Indiana Corn Growers Association, Indiana Farm Bureau, Indiana Soybean Alliance, Institute of Makers of Explosives, Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries, Inc., Institute of Shortening and Edible Oils, International Liquid Terminals Association, International Warehouse Logistics Association, Kansas Grain and Feed Association, Louisiana Chemical Association, Manufacture Alabama, Manufacturers Association of Florida, Massachusetts Chemistry & Technology Alliance, Michigan AgriBusiness Association, Michigan Bean Shippers, Michigan Chemistry Council. 
Midwest Food Processors Association, Minnesota AgriGrowth Council, Minnesota Crop Production Retailers, Minnesota Grain and Feed Association, Mississippi Manufacturers Association, Missouri Agribusiness Association, Missouri Forest Products Association, Montana Agricultural Business Association, Montana Farmers Union, Montana Grain Elevators Association, Motorcycle Industry Council, National Association of Chemical Distributors, National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, National Association of Wheat Growers, National Barley Growers Association, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton Council of America, National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, National Farmers Union. 
National Grain and Feed Association, National Industrial Transportation League, National Oilseed Processors Association, National Onion Association, National Pasta Association, National Retail Federation, National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, National Shippers Strategic Transportation Council, National Sunflower Association, Nebraska AgriBusiness Association, Inc., Nebraska Grain and Feed Association, Nebraska Soybean Association, Nebraska Wheat Board, Nebraska Wheat Growers Association, New York State Agribusiness Association, New York State Chemistry Council, North American Millers’ Association, North Carolina Manufacturers Alliance. 
Northeast Agribusiness and Feed Alliance, Ohio Agribusiness Association, Ohio Chemistry Technology Council, Oklahoma Agribusiness Retailers Association, Oklahoma Grain and Feed Association, Oregon Wheat Growers League, Outdoor Power Equipment Association, Inc., Pennsylvania Chemical Industry Council, Plastic Pipe and Fittings Association, Plastics Pipe and Fittings Association, Portland Cement Association, Promotional Products Association International, PVC Pipe Association, Rail Customer Coalition, Renewable Fuels Association, Rocky Mountain Agribusiness Association. 
Society of Chemical Manufacturers and Affiliates, South Carolina Fertilizer and Agrichemicals Association, South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance, South Dakota Farmers Union, South Dakota Grain & Feed Association, South Dakota Wheat Inc., SPI: The Plastics Industry Trade Association, Steel Manufacturers Association, Texas Ag Industries Association, Texas Chemical Council, Texas Grain & Feed Association, Texas Wheat Producers Association, The Chlorine Institute, The Fertilizer Institute, The National Industrial Transportation League, The Sulphur Institute, The Vinyl Institute. 
United States Fashion Industry Association, US Canola Association, US Dry Bean Council, US Dry Pea & Lentil Council, USA Rice Federation, Vinyl Building Council, Vinyl Siding Institute, Inc., Washington Association of Wheat Growers, Washington Grain Commission, West Virginia Manufacturers Association, Western Fuels Association, Western Governors’ Association, Western Plant Health Association, Wisconsin AgriBusiness Association, Wisconsin Corn Growers Association, Wisconsin Electric Cooperative Association, Wyoming Ag Business Association, Wyoming Wheat Marketing Commission. 
urge all my colleagues to support this important reauthorization and reform to the Surface Transportation Board. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4188) to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard 
Academy in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘2702. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘2704. Authorized levels of military strength 
for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as follows: 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services— 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title— 
Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment— 
Guard is authorized an endofyear strength for active duty personnel of 43,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
The Coast Guard is authorized average military training student loads for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 as follows: 
the President submits to the Congress a budget for fiscal year 2017 under section 1105 of title 31, on the date on which the President submits to the Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section, and every 4 years thereafter, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a manpower requirements plan. 
requirements for the upcoming fiscal year and for each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
and civilian personnel assigned or available to fulfill such mission requirements— 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
and civilian personnel required to fulfill such mission requirements— 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
gaps between mission requirements and mission performance caused by deficiencies in the numbers of personnel available— 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; and 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services. 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title. 
evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard. 
over navigable waters of the United States constituting obstructions to navigation, and for personnel and administrative costs associated with the Alteration of Bridges Program.’’. 
in section 661’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2703’’; and 
in section 662’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2701’’. 
of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 206 of this Act; 
under section 569 of title 14, United States Code. 
for title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to part II the following: 
title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘an admiral,’’ and inserting ‘‘admirals (two);’’. 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’ each place it appears; and 
more than five positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving— 
with the pay and allowances of that grade; and 
‘‘(ii) shall perform such duties as the Commandant may prescribe, except that if the President designates five such positions, one position shall be the Chief of Staff of the Coast Guard; and 
branch, other than within the Coast Guard or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving, shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade.’’; and 
while awaiting orders after being relieved from the position, beginning on the day the officer is relieved from the position, but not for more than 60 days; and’’. 
‘‘The Secretary may have remitted or cancelled any part of a person’s indebtedness to the United States or any instrumentality of the United States if— 
the person served on active duty as a member of the Coast Guard; and 
for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 461 and inserting the following: 
that will be required to demonstrate that a capability, asset, or subsystem meets performance requirements;’’. 
2902 of title 14, United States Code, as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
the projected funding levels;’’ and inserting ‘‘based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget;’’; 
capital asset necessary to meet the estimated completion dates and total estimated costs included in the such asset’s approved acquisition program baseline.’’; and 
excess of the number included in the approved acquisition program baseline.’’. 
than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— 
Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a revised fleet mix analysis of Coast Guard fixed wing aircraft. 
Code, as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
shall include a plan that describes for the upcoming fiscal year, and for each of the 20 fiscal years thereafter— 
subsection shall set forth, for each current major acquisition program, the following: 
during such fiscal year quarter to order full rate production before all key performance parameters or thresholds are met. 
major acquisition program cost (as defined by the Major Systems Acquisition Manual) during such fiscal year quarter. 
major acquisition program schedule (as so defined) during such fiscal year quarter.’’. 
waterway, or portion thereof, is navigable for purposes of the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard; or 
requested such patrol pursuant to section 141 of this title or section 13109 of title 46.’’. 
the enactment of this Act, provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a written notification of— 
to ensure Auxiliary patrols do not occur on such waterways. 
Section 409 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1998 (14 U.S.C. 639 note) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’. 
each fiscal year thereafter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may enter into a contract or contracts for the acquisition of polar icebreakers and associated equipment using incremental funding. 
Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 213; 126 Stat. 1560) is amended— 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— 
cost effective to reactivate the Polar Sea compared with other options to provide icebreaking services as part of a strategy to maintain polar icebreaking services; and 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 676 the following: 
2018, the Secretary may not close a Coast Guard air facility, except as specified by this section. 
not propose closing or terminating operations at a Coast Guard air facility unless the Secretary determines that— 
and marine conditions, including water temperatures or unusual tide and current conditions, do not require continued operation of the air facility; and 
closing an air facility, the Secretary shall provide opportunities for public comment, including the convening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the proposed closure or cessation of operations at the air facility. 
cessation of operations, or any significant reduction in personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility that is in operation on or after December 31, 2015, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(ii) Each member of the Senate who represents a State in which the air facility is located. 
‘‘(iii) Each member of the House of Representatives who represents a district in which assets of the air facility conduct search and rescue operations. 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a contingency plan— 
ensure the safety of the maritime public nationwide; and 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the acquisition of new rotary wing airframes to replace the Coast Guard’s legacy helicopters and fulfil all existing mission requirements. 
for chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 676 the following: 
the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 281; 128 Stat. 3022) is amended— 
the item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the following: 
striking ‘‘ commandant ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Commandant ’’; 
market value of the use of the leased submerged lands or tidelands for the period during which such lands are leased, as determined by the Commandant; 
to or commit the Coast Guard to use or support any improvements to such submerged lands and tidelands, or obtain goods and services from the lessee; and 
in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687.’’; 
item relating to section 571, by striking the following: 
‘‘709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Reserve aviation pilots; appointments in commissioned grade.’’; 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process for the discontinuance of an aid to navigation (other than a seasonal or temporary aid) established, maintained, or operated by the Coast Guard. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the efficacy of the Coast Guard’s Standard Operational Planning Process with respect to annual mission performance measures. 
after the date on which the pilot program is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an assessment of the pilot program, including the impacts of the program with respect to interagency and Coast Guard response capabilities. 
consistent with the strategy required by the Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act (Public Law 114– 29). 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish an education program, for members and employees of the Coast Guard, that— 
options, including the ability to utilize both options; and 
conducted using existing academic programs at an accredited public academic institution that— 
Coast Guard, maritime, and other Department of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel; and 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 428 the following: 
than one year after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall develop and implement a plan to conduct every two years a multirater assessment for each of the following: 
this section, the term ‘multirater assessment’ means a review that seeks opinion from members senior to the reviewee and the peers and subordinates of the reviewee.’’. 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item related to section 428 the following: 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Commandant, in consultation with the Superintendent of the Coast Guard Academy and such other individuals and organizations as the Commandant considers appropriate, shall develop a training course on the workings of the Congress and offer that training course at least once each year. 
the House of Representatives and the Senate, including similarities and differences between the two processes and rules, including— 
congressional oversight within our governance framework of separation of powers. 
shall ensure that not less than 60 percent of the lecturers, panelists, and other individuals providing education and instruction as part of the training course required by this section are experts on the Congress and the Federal legislative process who are not employed by the executive branch of the Federal Government. 
assigned to a billet in the National Capital Region on the date of the enactment of this section, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee employed in the National Capital Region on the date of the enactment of this section, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section within 60 days after the date on which the Commandant completes the development of the training course. 
A Coast Guard flag officer who is newly appointed or assigned to a billet in the National Capital Region, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee who is newly employed in the National Capital Region, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section not later than 60 days after reporting for duty.’’. 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on Coast Guard leadership development. 
(ii) all members (other than officers covered by such section) in command positions completing a multirater assessment; 
leadership development courses of the Coast Guard, an assessment of the feasibility of the expansion of any such course, and a description of the resources, if any, required to expand such courses. 
used by the Coast Guard to identify, monitor, and counsel individuals whose leadership may have adverse effects on subordinates, the organization, or mission performance; 
(ii) the implementation of leadership recognition training to recognize such leadership in one’s self and others; 
the administrative separation of leaders whose leadership may have adverse effects on subordinates, the organization, or mission performance; and 
‘‘§ 357. Retirement of enlisted members: increase in retired pay’’ . 
the beginning of chapter 11 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
‘‘357. Retirement of enlisted members: increase in retired pay.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 519. Annual audit of pay and allowances of 
‘‘The Commandant shall conduct each calendar year an audit of member pay and allowances for the members who transferred to new units during such calendar year. The audit for a calendar year shall be completed by the end of the calendar year.’’. 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on alternative methods for notifying members of the Coast Guard of their monthly earnings. The report shall include— 
provide to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and dependents of such members and former members (other than former members and dependents of former members who are a Medicareeligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the MedicareEligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense or a military department; and 
provided to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appropriated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard; 
provided former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appropriated for retired pay; 
as the Secretaries determine appropriate during or promptly after such fiscal year in cases in which the amount transferred is determined excessive or insufficient based on the services actually provided. 
for any period during which the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. 
ACADEMY IN FEDERAL, STATE, OR OTHER EDUCATIONAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
agreement, lease, or licensing agreement with a qualified organization; 
at no cost, personal property of the Coast Guard; and 
AND INTEGRITY .—The Commandant shall ensure that contributions under this subsection do not— 
the Coast Guard, any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and objective manner; or 
this subsection the term ‘qualified organization’ means an organization— 
United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 430. Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees 
‘‘In conducting an investigation into an allegation of misconduct by a flag officer or member of the Senior Executive Service serving in the Coast Guard, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall— 
consistent with Department of Defense policies for such an investigation; and 
the beginning of such chapter is further amended by inserting after the item related to section 429 the following: 
‘‘430. Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees.’’. 
MEMBERS OF THE COAST GUARD FOR COMBATRELATED SPECIAL COMPENSATION. 
special or incentive pay was paid pursuant to section 301, 301a, 304, 307, 334, or 351 of title 37, United States Code; 
United States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 430 the following: 
‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the Secretary of the Navy promulgates a new rule, policy, or memorandum pursuant to section 704 of title 10, United States Code, with respect to leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall promulgate a similar rule, policy, or memorandum that provides leave to officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard that is equal in duration and compensation to that provided by the Secretary of the Navy.’’. 
the beginning of such chapter is further amended by inserting after the item related to section 430 the following: 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
Secretary may revise part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect before January 1, 2016, if such revision provides a higher standard of safety than is provided by the regulations in effect on or before the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. 
Secretary may, in lieu of the requirements set out in part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, allow a passenger vessel to be equipped with a lifesaving appliance or arrangement of an innovative or novel design that— 
safety than is provided by such requirements as in effect before such date of the enactment. 
2016, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a review of— 
craft that ensure that no part of an individual is immersed in water has on— 
(ii) improving the survivability of individuals, including individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and 
(iii) the costs, the incremental cost difference to vessel operators, and the cost effectiveness of requiring the carriage of such survival craft to address the risks to individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; 
nonprofit vessel operators that would be affected by requiring the carriage of such survival craft on passenger vessels to address the risks to individuals with disabilities, 
replacing equipment on a fishing vessel, without materially increasing harvesting capacity; 
including upgrades in technology, gear, or equipment, that improve— 
‘‘(ii) bycatch reduction or avoidance; ‘‘(iii) gear selectivity; ‘‘(iv) adverse impacts caused by fishing 
HISTORIC USES .—Of the direct loan obligations issued by the Secretary under this 
chapter, the Secretary shall make a minimum of $59,000,000 available each fiscal year for historic uses. 
purposes and uses of direct loan obligations provided for in this chapter, the Secretary may issue direct loan obligations for the purpose of— 
rights in a fishery that is federally managed under a limited access system.’’. 
FISHING VESSELS OF PROHIBITION UNDER VESSEL CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM .—Section 
‘‘Any fishing vessel operated in fisheries under the jurisdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or in the Pacific whiting fishery under the jurisdiction of the Pacific Fishery Management Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under that Act, and that is replaced by a vessel that is constructed or rebuilt with a loan or loan guarantee provided by the Federal Government may not be used to harvest fish in any fishery under the jurisdiction of any regional fishery management council, other than a fishery under the jurisdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council or the Pacific Fishery Management Council.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
apply with respect to recreational vessels and associated equipment constructed or manufactured, respectively, on or after June 1, 2015. 
a merchant mariner credential earlier than the date on which the individual’s current credential expires; and 
dates for merchant mariner credentials, mariner medical certificates, and radar observer endorsements for all individuals by not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish and implement a process to— 
who requested a permit for such an event is— 
striking ‘‘security advisory committees.’’ and inserting ‘‘Security Advisory Committees.’’; and 
3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899, is amended— 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
23, 1906, popularly known as the Bridge Act of 1906, is amended— 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
1940, popularly known as the TrumanHobbs Act, is amended— 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the actions the Commandant will take to implement recommendations on improvements to the Coast Guard’s marine casualty reporting requirements and procedures included in— 
Office of Inspector General report entitled ‘‘Marine Accident Reporting, Investigations, and Enforcement in the United States Coast Guard’’, released on May 23, 2013; and 
report entitled ‘‘Recommendations for Improvement of Marine Casualty Reporting’’, released on March 26, 2015. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations amending table 4 to subpart H of part 183 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to Weights (Pounds) of Outboard Motor and Related Equipment for Various Boat Horsepower Ratings), as appropriate to reflect ‘‘Standard 30–Outboard Engine and Related Equipment Weights’’ published by the American Boat and Yacht Council, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
other provision of law and pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary, a trusted agent may issue a medical certificate to an individual who— 
for a license, certificate of registry, or merchant mariner’s document, or endorsement thereto under this part; and 
physical condition to perform the duties of such license, certificate, document, or endorsement, as determined by the trusted agent. 
which the Coast Guard is operating to issue medical certificates to mariners who submit applications for such certificates to the Secretary; and 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing section 7509 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this section. 
for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conclude the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study and submit the results of such study to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
safety in Nantucket Sound due to factors such as increased vessel traffic, changing vessel traffic patterns, weather conditions, or navigational difficulty in the vicinity. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations that— 
change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation is based, that occurs before the expiration of the certificate; and 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— 
curricula for use by public and private maritime training institutions to meet all United States merchant mariner license, certification, and document laws and requirements under the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978; and 
awareness of additional job opportunities for sea service veterans of the United States Armed Forces; and 
1936.—Sections 601 through 606, 608 through 611, 613 through 616, 802, and 809 of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) are repealed. 
46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 57521 of such title; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the provision of title VI or 
VII of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’; and 
chapter 575, of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 57521 the following: 
46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
with intent to manufacture or distribute, a controlled substance; 
70503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
citizen of the United States or a resident alien of the United States.’’. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
United States Code, is further amended by striking the item relating to section 70503 and inserting the following: 
United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
has been, is, or may be selected for an examination; 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, and once every two years thereafter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall commission a working group to review new questions for inclusion in examinations required for merchant mariner credentials, composed of— 
State maritime academies, of whom one shall be a representative from the deck training track and one shall be a representative of the engine license track; 
Guard Federal advisory committees, as appropriate, for the industry segment associated with the subject examinations; 
group shall include representatives knowledgeable about the examination type under review. 
date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall convene the working group to complete a baseline review of the Coast Guard’s Merchant Mariner Credentialing Examination, including review of— 
shall provide a progress report to the appropriate congressional committees on the review under this paragraph. 
Coast Guard may convene the working group without all members present if any non CoastGuard representative is present. 
shall ensure that the Coast Guard Performance Technology Center— 
enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, completes a formal review, including an appropriate analysis, of the topics and testing methodology employed by the National Maritime Center for merchant seamen licensing. 
such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The Secretary shall develop a sample merchant mariner credential examination and outline of merchant mariner examination topics on an annual basis. 
mariner credential’ has the meaning that term has in section 7510.’’. 
such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
this section may be construed to authorize the withholding of information from an appropriate inspector general, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, or the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
710 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2986) is amended to read as follows: 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
information pertaining to its assessment (including, but not limited to, information on the outcome of the assessment). 
AGREEMENT .—For the purposes of this section and section 70109, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, may enter into an agreement with a foreign government (including, for the purposes of this subsection, an entity of or operating under the auspices of the European Union) or international organization, under which parties to the agreement— 
assessment (including, but not limited to, information on the outcome of the assessment); or 
assessment that a foreign government or an international organization has conducted; or 
and not more than 79 feet overall in length; and 
licensed by a State as a naval architect or marine engineer, and the design incorporates standards equivalent to those prescribed by a classification society to which the Secretary has delegated authority under section 3316 or another qualified organization approved by the Secretary for purposes of this paragraph. 
and certified as being in accordance with its design by a marine surveyor of an organization accepted by the Secretary. 
survey at least once every 5 years to the satisfaction of a certified marine surveyor of an organization accepted by the Secretary. 
the vessel maintains records to demonstrate compliance with this subsection and makes such records readily available for inspection by an official authorized to enforce this chapter.’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on commercial fishing vessel safety. The report shall include— 
be identified with respect to rates of marine causalities, human injuries, and deaths aboard or involving fishing vessels greater than 79 feet in length that operate beyond the 3nauticalmile demarcation line; 
the additional costs and safety benefits associated with fishing vessels or fish tender vessels that are built and maintained to class through a classification society to the additional costs and safety benefits associated with fishing vessels or fish tender vessels that are built to standards equivalent to classification society construction standards and maintained to standards equivalent to classification society standards with verification by independent surveyors; and 
fishing vessels or fish tender vessels, classification societies, shipyards, the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, the National Transportation Safety Board, the Coast Guard, academics, and marine safety nongovernmental organizations; and 
Guard including data collected from enforcement actions, boardings, investigations of marine casualties, and serious marine incidents. 
the regions managed by the regional fishery management councils established under section 302 of the MagnusonStevens Fisheries Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852), the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission, the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commission, and the Gulf States Marine Fisheries Commission; and 
fishing vessels or fish tender vessels included in the report. 
Service’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management,’’; and 
of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2761) is amended— 
the Coast Guard is operating’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeland Security’’; and 
conducted by the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘the assessments are coordinated between 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the Federal Maritime Commission $24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the activities of the Commission authorized under this chapter and subtitle IV.’’. 
for chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
only after consultation with the other Commissioners;’’ and inserting ‘‘units (with such appointments subject to the approval of the Commission);’’; 
and the Congress requests for appropriations for the Commission (with such requests subject to the approval of the Commission).’’. 
Coast Guard shall convey to the County of Marin, California, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered property— 
that the Commandant considers appropriate and reasonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
who has been selected by the County and is licensed to practice in California; and 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
section, the term ‘‘covered property’’ means the approximately 32 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— 
the covered property under this section shall expire on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
The Commandant may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance under this section as the Commandant considers appropriate and reasonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
‘‘covered property’’ means the approximately 3.25 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— 
Addition to Hartsell Subdivision, Section 20, Township 18 North, Range 13 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska as appears by Plat No. 72–39 filed in the Office of the Recorder for the Fairbanks Recording District of Alaska, bearing seal dated 25 September 1972, all containing approximately 1.25 acres and commonly known as 2–PLEX – Jackie Circle, Units A and B. 
Township 18 North, Range 12 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska; thence running westerly along the south line of said SE 
to the east line of said SE 1⁄4of the NE 1⁄4335 
feet; thence easterly parallel to the south line 260 feet; then south 335 feet along the east boundary of Section 24 to the point of beginning; all containing approximately 2.0 acres and commonly known as 4–PLEX – West ‘‘C’’ and Willow, Units A, B, C and D. 
the covered property under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Survey 4943, Alaska, the plat of which was Officially Filed on January 20, 2004, aggregating 13,006 square feet (0.30 acres). 
the date of the enactment of this Act and not less than once every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on— 
Section 105 of the Pribilof Islands Transition Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106– 562) is amended— 
the Secretary shall transfer all right, title, and interest in the land or portion to the Alaska native village corporation at no cost. 
after the date of the enactment of this subsection and not less than once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall determine whether property located on St. Paul Island and not transferred to the Natives of the Pribilof Islands is in excess of the smallest practicable tract enclosing land— 
Secretary on behalf of other Federal agencies, needed for carrying out the missions of those agencies for which land was withdrawn; or 
5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating determines that a facility on Tract 43, if transferred under this subtitle, is subsequently required to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event GPS signals are disrupted, the Secretary may— 
through the Bering Strait, the Bering and Chukchi Seas, and the Arctic Ocean, and will continue to increase whether or not development of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States is undertaken in the future, and will increase further if such Outer Continental Shelf development is undertaken. 
Alaska Native, and private sector need for permanent infrastructure development and 
for a presence in the Arctic region of Alaska by appropriate agencies of the Federal Government, particularly in proximity to the Bering Strait, to support and facilitate search and rescue, shipping safety, economic development, oil spill prevention and response, protection of Alaska Native archaeological and cultural resources, port of refuge, arctic research, and maritime law enforcement on the Bering Sea, the Chukchi Sea, and the Arctic Ocean. 
land, known as Point Spencer, located between the Bering Strait and Port Clarence and adjacent to some of the best potential deepwater port sites on the coast of Alaska in the Arctic. 
infrastructure at Point Spencer that would aid the Coast Guard in performing its statutory duties and functions in the Arctic on a more permanent basis and to allow for public and private sector development of facilities and other infrastructure to support purposes that are of benefit to the United States. 
meaning given that term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
Bering Straits Native Corporation authorized under section 7 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1606). 
means any of Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, or Tract 6, as appropriate, or any portion of such Tract or Tracts. 
‘‘Tract 1’’, ‘‘Tract 2’’, ‘‘Tract 3’’, ‘‘Tract 4’’, ‘‘Tract 5’’, and ‘‘Tract 6’’ each mean the land generally depicted as Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, or Tract 6, respectively, on the map entitled the ‘‘Point Spencer Land Retention and Conveyance Map’’, dated January 2015, and on file with the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of the Interior. 
the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 2 and Tract 5 to BSNC under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
of Tract 6 to BSNC shall be subject to BSNC negotiating a lease of Tract 6 to the State at no cost to the State, if the State requests such a lease. 
the State or BSNC, as applicable, through institutional controls. 
the Interior shall make each conveyance of any relevant Tract under this subtitle subject to an easement granting the Coast Guard, at no cost to the Coast Guard— 
pads, airstrips, runways, and taxiways that are located on such Tract; and 
to BSNC under this subtitle, BSNC shall provide to the State, if requested and pursuant to negotiated terms with the State, an easement granting to the State, at no cost to the State— 
pads, airstrips, runways, and taxiways located on such Tract; and 
the State requests a right of access or right of way for a road from the airstrip to the southern tip of Point Spencer, the location of such right of access or right of way shall be determined by the State, in consultation 
with the Secretary and BSNC, so that such right of access or right of way is compatible with other existing or planned infrastructure development at Point Spencer. 
State and BSNC under this subtitle, the Coast Guard shall retain an access easement across Tracts 2, 5, and 6 reasonably necessary to afford the Coast Guard with access to Tracts 1, 3, and 4 for its operations. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Coast Guard shall provide to the State and BSNC, access to Tracts for planning, design, and engineering related to remediation and use of and construction on those Tracts. 
that is not conveyed under this subtitle shall remain withdrawn pursuant to Public Land Order 2650 (published in the Federal Register on April 12, 1962). 
Conveyance of any Tract under this subtitle shall not affect investigations, criminal jurisdiction, and responsibilities regarding theft or vandalism of archeological or cultural resources located in or on such Tract that took place prior to conveyance under this subtitle. 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the Secretary shall prepare maps and legal descriptions of Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, and Tract 6. In doing so, the Secretary of the Interior may use metes and bounds legal descriptions based upon the official survey plats of Point Spencer accepted by the Bureau of Land Management on December 6, 1978, and on information provided by the Secretary. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall survey Tracts conveyed under this subtitle and patent the Tracts in accordance with the official plats of survey. 
in which the Coast Guard is operating determines, within the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, that a facility on any of Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 that is transferred under this subtitle is subsequently required to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event GPS signals are disrupted, the Secretary may, for as long as such facility is needed to provide redundant capability— 
Port Coordination Council for the Port of Point Spencer. 
of a representative appointed by each of the following: 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act and biennially thereafter. 
the State, and the Coast Guard, on the development and use of the land and coastline as such development relates to activities at the Port of Point Spencer. 
desirability of establishing in the future a port authority at Point Spencer under State law and act upon that assessment, as appropriate, including taking steps for the potential formation of such a port authority. 
costs for airstrips, runways, and taxiways at Point Spencer shall be determined pursuant to provisions of the Plan, as negotiated by the Council. 
Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 2704 note) is amended by striking ‘‘on an annual basis.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than January 30 of the year following each year in which occurs an oil discharge from a vessel or nonvessel source that results or is likely to result in removal costs and damages (as those terms are defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) that exceed liability limits established under section 1004 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704).’’. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating a report detailing the specifications and capabilities for interoperable communications the Commandant determines are necessary to allow the Coast Guard to successfully carry out its missions that require communications with other Federal agencies, State and local governments, and nongovernmental entities. 
The Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281) is amended— 
future expanded boundaries of the Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and Underwater Preserve’’ and inserting ‘‘boundaries of any national marine sanctuary that preserves shipwrecks or maritime heritage in the Great Lakes’’; and 
the following: ‘‘, unless the designation documents for such sanctuary do not allow taking up or discharging ballast water in such sanctuary’’; and 
striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
United States shall conduct an audit of funds credited in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004 to the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund that are attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, including— 
proceeds attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004; 
including a list of all annual National Maritime Heritage Grant grant and subgrant awards that identifies the respective grant and subgrant recipients and grant and subgrant amounts; 
to the public of maritime heritage property of the Maritime Administration; 
Academy and State maritime academies, including a list of annual awards; and 
the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Academy, by no later than 365 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the costs incurred by the Federal Government to carry out polar icebreaking missions. The assessment shall— 
leasing, service contracts, crewing, and technology options that could minimize life cycle costs and optimize efficiency and reliability of Coast Guard polar icebreaker operations in the Arctic and Antarctic; and 
icebreakers to operate for a period of no less than 10 years. 
design of such an icebreaker for multiuse capabilities for scientific missions; 
suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and 
seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and 
seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and inserting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
expenses relating to personal injury, illness, or death of a seaman who is a citizen of a foreign nation, arising during or from the engagement of the seaman by or for a passenger vessel duly registered under the laws of a foreign nation, may not be brought under the laws of the United States if— 
representative has or had a right to seek compensation for the injury, illness, or death in, or under the laws of— 
remedy that complies with Standard A4.2 of Regulation 4.2 of the Maritime Labour Convention, 2006; or 
made to the vessel outside of the United States; or 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes the current operations to perform the International Ice Patrol mission and on alternatives for carrying out that mission, including satellite surveillance technology. 
Coast Guard, in consultation with the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the head of any other agency the Commandant determines appropriate, shall conduct an assessment of the effectiveness of oil spill response activities specific to the Great Lakes. Such assessment shall include— 
spill impacts in fresh water under a wide range of conditions; and 
clean up contingency plans, in order to improve understanding of oil spill impacts in the Great Lakes and foster innovative improvements to safety technologies and environmental protection systems. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
lines on the feasibility of implementing technology that immediately detects passengers who have fallen overboard, factoring in cost and the risk of false positives; 
the technology to capture images of passengers who have fallen overboard; and 
tested technology that can detect passengers who have fallen overboard; and 
available technologies that cruise ships could integrate to assist in facilitating the search and rescue of a passenger who has fallen overboard. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
carry out activities related to the dismantling or disposal of infrastructure comprising 
which the Secretary provides to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate notice of a determination by the Secretary that such infrastructure is not required to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event the Global Positioning System signals are disrupted. 
apply to activities necessary for the safety of human life. 
equipment that may be used as a backup to the Global Positioning System or to meet any other Federal navigation requirement; 
such real and personal property, including due diligence requirements, necessary environmental remediation, and reimbursement of expenses incurred by the General Services Administration. 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3040), and the item relating to that section in section 2 of such Act, are repealed. 
Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–83; 123 Stat. 2180) is repealed. 
contracts, and other agreements with Federal entities and other public or private entities, including academic entities, to develop a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event 
Global Positioning System signals are disrupted, which may consist of an enhanced LORAN system.’’. 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3064) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4188. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, is a product of bipartisan efforts to reauthorize the Coast Guard through fiscal year 2017. The House passed similar legislation by a voice vote in May. 
Coast Guard authorities, as well as laws governing shipping and navigation. Specifically, the bill supports Coast Guard servicemembers, improves Coast Guard mission effectiveness, enhances oversight of the Coast Guard programs, encourages job growth in the maritime sector by cutting regulatory burdens on job creators, strengthens maritime drug enforcement laws, and increases coordination with partner nations, further strengthening port security. It does all this in a way that allows this to be brought under suspension in a bipartisan way. 
I want to commend Ranking Members DEFAZIO and G ARAMENDI for their 
efforts in getting us to this point and, of course, the leadership of Chairman SHUSTER . 
women of the U.S. Coast Guard for the tremendous job they do for our Nation. Coast Guard servicemembers place their lives at risk on a daily basis to save those in danger, ensure the safety and security of our ports and waterways, and protect our environmental resources. 
cutters, and aircraft, some of which were first commissioned in World War II. 
and strengthen the Coast Guard. It will also demonstrate the strong support Congress has for the men and women of 
the Coast Guard and the deep appreciation we have for the sacrifices that they make for our Nation. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning H.R. 4188, the ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015,’’ which was introduced on December 8, 2015. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forgo action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
letter regarding H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. I appreciate your cooperation in expediting the consideration of this legislation on the House floor. 
not able to render an official decision as to the jurisdictional claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology may have had. I agree that the absence of a decision on this bill will not prejudice any claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology may have had or may have to this or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving provisions in this legislation on which the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has a valid jurisdictional claim. 
I will include our letters on H.R. 4188 in the 
Congressional Record during House floor consideration of the bill. Again, I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation, and I look forward to working with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative process. 
I am pleased to be here again at the 
end of another year to rise and join Chairman HUNTER , for whom I have 
great respect. We have been able to get some stuff done. 
I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) for bringing this 
bill to the floor today to authorize the funding of the United States Coast Guard and to advance new policy initiatives to strengthen the prospects for the U.S. flag and U.S. maritime industry. 
H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Reauthorization Act of 2015, is carefully crafted bipartisan legislation developed over the course of several months of negotiation within this House and with that other body. It is deserving of robust support from Members of both sides of the aisle. I urge its quick passage by the House today. 
for all the leadership and the cooperative spirit in working with me and our other Democratic Members. He addressed our concerns. They were handled and taken care of in the bill. 
and his outstanding staff and members of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee to collaborate and work through the several nettlesome issues is very, very much appreciated. 
That is not to say this bill does not 
contain some items which I might have some lingering concerns about, but they are few. As is the case with every piece of legislation I don’t personally draft all by myself, this bill has those minor issues. 
draft it all by himself, it would be perfect, also. But we did it together, and it came out quite well. 
I am extremely pleased that this legislation would provide stable and sufficient authorized funding levels for the Coast Guard for the next 2 years. The importance of budget stability cannot be overstated. The Coast Guard is pressed daily to meet the demands of its 11 statutory missions. 
is to face recurrent budget uncertainties, a circumstance which would leave the service’s leadership unable to know exactly what resources and capabilities they have available to address port and harbor security, illegal drug interdiction, search and rescue, and law enforcement actions, along with many other important activities. 
continues to move the ball down the field in the effort to strengthen and recapitalize a new fleet of Polarclass heavy icebreakers for the Coast Guard, and a cheer goes up between the chairman and myself if we can get that done. 
It is clear that we are at the advent 
of Arctic operations for the Coast Guard, and it is vital that the service has the icebreaking capabilities it will 
need to operate safely and effectively in this very unforgiving maritime environment. 
of the materiel assessment of the Polar Sea to determine, finally, if this heavy icebreaker can be returned to service. 
Additionally, this legislation authorized funding to allow the Coast Guard to maintain progress in developing requirements and preliminary design for a new heavy icebreaker. So we will figure out, hopefully, this next year which way we will go. 
I am also pleased that this legislation includes language that will continue to preserve the remaining LORAN–C infrastructure until such time as the administration makes a final decision on whether or not to build out an enhanced LORAN or e LORAN infrastructure to provide a reliable, landbased, lowfrequency backup navigation timing signal to back up GPS, the Global Positioning System. 
that the relatively weak, highfrequency GPS signal is fairly easy to corrupt, to degrade, or altogether disrupt, stop. 
For this reason, the Secretary of Defense, Ash Carter, has called GPS a potential single source of failure for important national defense assets. It is also a major liability across 16 sectors of critical infrastructure. 
landbased GPS backup systems, the question is: Why does the United States not have one? 
decision now. At least language in this legislation ensures that we will have available the option of repurposing what remains of the LORAN–C infrastructure for an eLORAN system of the future. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I have already said it twice. I will say it a third time. To Chairman HUNTER and his 
staff, we like working with you and we like you, too. 
working with the gentleman from California as well. It is a strange situation when we actually get stuff done. It is a California thing. 
may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH). 
thank my friend from California (Mr. HUNTER ), the chairman of the Coast 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, for yielding me time. I also want to thank both him and the Transportation Committee chairman himself, BILLSHUSTER , for their work 
This bill ensures the safety and security of our maritime borders and maritime interests around the globe. 
and Technology shares jurisdiction with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee over important research and development programs carried out by the Coast Guard. 
rescue, navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness. 
help acquire a new Polar icebreaker and requires a study of alternatives for 
critical to the United States missions in the polar regions, which include important research supported by the National Science Foundation. 
study this bill calls for on costeffective alternatives for icebreaking. This will help us ensure taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and efficiently. 
Chairman S HUSTER for taking the initiative with this critical legislation. 
yield such time as he may consume, as long as it is less than 3 minutes, to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), 
and talk just briefly about how important this legislation is. 
going to get 2 years of budget certainty. That has been a real problem. It is pretty hard to run a military organization that large on something that creates shortterm uncertainty with your budget, particularly when they have to begin to plan for acquiring more major assets with larger ships. 
In particular, we have just been talking about the icebreakers. I went up to Seattle to visit the Polar Sea in its decrepitude. But the interesting thing I found is that it is an absolutely unique hull design. The ice band contains materials that are no longer manufactured. They are superior to current technologies. 
this ship could be renovated using the existing hull with a modern ship, modern engines, and electronics. The ship has now been hulled. The hull is being evaluated, and we are going to do a costbenefit analysis. 
I believe it will prove to be the best path—then that would provide additional spare parts for its sister ship, which is the only one we have got working, and then would set a template for rehabilitating that ship later. 
icebreakers. The United States of America is down to one 45yearold heavy icebreaker, which has an Antarctic mission, which means, for the 
next 6 months after it comes back, it is 
We do not have any longer the capability of deploying north and south with heavy icebreakers, despite the fact that the Northwest Passage long dreamed of is about to open. 
maritime power to not have at least two heavy icebreakers, if not a half a dozen, is absolutely absurd, penny wise, poundfoolish stupidity, on the part of former Congresses. I am glad that this Congress has seen the light and we are beginning to move forward to reinstitute that program. 
been particularly persistent and outspoken about the LORAN–C system. I believe it is absolutely critical that we maintain this infrastructure until we know what alternatives we are going to have. I think it is a critical national security asset. 
And then, finally, to the more everyday national securityoriented duties of the Coast Guard in this bill, there is a particular provision that is incredibly important to the State of Oregon and the State of South Carolina and to hundreds of people who make their living on the ocean out of those two ports. 
The Port of Newport, midcoast Oregon, has an air rescue facility. They do half the rescues in the midcoast. Oregon has extremely cold water year round. We have some of the roughest bar entrances in the United States, and rescue time is critical in terms of saving lives. 
The Coast Guard has been underfunded by Congress, and we are beginning to rectify that. But in a budget cutting mode last year, with no discussion with anyone, they proposed to close Newport and close Charleston. 
end of the year, we put in place a 1 year prohibition on the closure. This bill extends the statutory prohibition on closing either of those two stations for 2 years and then puts in place a very different and meaningful process, should they ever wish to think about closing critical air rescue stations in the future. 
program to manage their airframes and learn about and figure about how we are going to replace our helicopter fleets, which are about at the same point as these icebreakers. So they need that plan. They have to develop that. 
Then, if they wish to close an individual station, the Secretary of Homeland Security will have to make a number of findings, that it wouldn’t jeopardize life and safety and degrade rescue capabilities, a pretty long list. 
Then, if the Secretary makes that determination, the Secretary would have to go forward in a public process to take input from those communities. 
Then, if the Secretary further decided, after going through that, that this was necessary and prudent and wouldn’t jeopardize lives and safety at sea, that future Secretary would have 
the Newport and the Charleston stations in this legislation, and I believe we have safeguarded them for all time. 
the Coast Guard adequate funding so they can replenish and rebuild their air fleet and they don’t have to struggle and close stations that they know could potentially lead to loss of life. 
recommend in this legislation. I would expect Congress to nearly, if not totally, unanimously improve it on this side. And then, hopefully, we can get the Senate to finally act because we need this done by January 1. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ). 
I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for their work in moving the Coast Guard bill forward. 
Transportation is one of the most bipartisan bills in this Congress. I am just so proud that we are really moving this Congress forward and putting the American people back to work. 
country and do a wonderful job, and I truly appreciate the hard work and dedication of these fine servicemembers. 
our shores for more than 200 years and has done an outstanding job. The Coast Guard was the first agency to react to the terrorist attacks on September 11 and provide critical assistance during the devastation of Hurricane Katrina. This bill provides the resources and policy provisions that the Coast Guard needs to continue their critical mission. 
shipments at sea, searchandrescue missions, monitoring our ports, and protecting our homeland are just a few of the vital services that the Coast Guard provides, all of which is critical to my home State of Florida, where 14 deepwater ports and 1,200 miles of coastline are the gateway to America. 
This legislation also includes important provisions I have long championed that bring maritime laws into the modern era and recognize the positive changes that have taken place in employment rights. 
the men and women serving the Coast Guard for their hard work and their vigilance in protecting our country. This is a good bill, and it will allow the Coast Guard to continue protecting our Nation. 
both the House and the Senate and for the President to sign it into law. 
the balance of my time Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, may 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) has 7 minutes remaining. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ), my colleague. 
cochairman of the House Coast Guard Caucus and the Representative from southeastern Connecticut with a deep connection to the Coast Guard, I rise in strong support of the Coast Guard authorization bill and the hard work of Chairman HUNTER and Ranking Member G ARAMENDI . 
women of our Coast Guard are operating around the country and around the world to enforce our laws and protect our country. This bill provides them the tools and support they need to do this important work. 
specific provision in this bill, section 219, that I was pleased to work with my colleague from Connecticut, Senator BLUMENTHAL , and committee staff to 
to the founding of our Nation, the Coast Guard is the only armed service without a national museum to highlight its heritage. Indeed, the Coast Guard this year is celebrating its 225th anniversary, and it is actually older than the U.S. Navy. Thankfully, efforts are underway to change this. 
Museum Association is building national support and funding for a new museum in New London, Connecticut. When completed, Mr. Speaker, this facility will be a tribute to all who have served and those who serve today in the Coast Guard, and I am proud to support their efforts. 
Guard can provide support to preserve and display its historical artifacts that will be a key part of the museum. This language opens the vault of the Coast Guard’s rich treasure of maritime artifacts from America’s oldest maritime fleet to be displayed for learning and understanding by the American public and the world. 
This is a huge boost to the effort to 
create a longoverdue museum and sends a powerful signal that this effort has the backing of Congress, the Federal Government, and the Coast Guard. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Commandant Admiral Zukunft; former Commandant Papp, who is his predecessor; Joann Burdian; Brittany Panetta; and Kent Reinhold in the Coast Guard legislative office for the work that they have done with my office on this and other critical Coast Guard issues and, above all else, for their service to our Nation. 
strong advocacy for our Coast Guard and our Nation’s maritime industry. 
the drafting of the bill, particularly our staff, I want to thank you for making all of this possible. 
This bill, which does extend the authorization for the Coast Guard, also provides very, very important elements, most of which you have heard here today. I would urge its passing. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member GARAMENDI and all the 
staff who worked so hard on this, and, again, the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. DEFAZIO, and Chairman S HUSTER for their help, leadership, 
Access Route Study. This section would require the Coast Guard to complete its on going Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study (PARS) by April 2016. This provision was included in H.R. 1987 because the House was concerned about the impacts on navigation safety from the construction of certain offshore renewable energy projects. The Study will assist the federal government, as well as stakeholders, to understand potential impacts and whether the siting of these projects could pose hazards to safe navigation, especially projects built in or near vessel traffic routes. 
working group has developed standards and a methodology for assessing potential impacts on navigation safety including high, medium and low or minimal impacts. The purpose of the study and the reason for developing standards and methodologies is to assist in future determinations of waterway suitability for proposed development projects. 
When the Atlantic Coast PARS began, it excluded the waters in and around Nantucket Sound. These waters are heavily traveled by commercial vessels, fishing and recreational vessels as well as passenger and freight ferries. Because of increased vessel traffic and the potential impacts to navigation from any future development, this section would direct the Coast Guard to complete a separate port access route study of Nantucket Sound using the new standards and methodologies developed by the Coast Guard’s working group. The Atlantic Coast PARS will help the Coast Guard determine whether they should revise current regulations to improve navigation safety by establishing safety fairways, traffic separation zones or new vessel routing. The Nantucket Sound PARS is intended to guide decisionmakers to ensure that any future development in Nantucket Sound will have minimal impact and low risk to navigational safety. This section would require the completion of the Nantucket Sound PARS by December 
I urge the passage of H.R. 4188. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I am a cosponsor of H.R. 3094, and I ask unanimous consent that my name be withdrawn as a cosponsor of H.R. 3094. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY CBRNE DEFENSE ACT OF 2015 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3875) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015’’. 
Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following new title: 
in the Department a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office (referred to in this title as the ‘CBRNE Office’). The CBRNE Office shall be comprised of the Chemical Division, the Biological Division, the Nuclear Division, and the Explosives Division. The CBRNE Office may include a Health Division. 
the CBRNE Office is to coordinate, strengthen, and provide chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives (CBRNE) capabilities in support of homeland security. 
shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office (referred to in 
this title as the ‘Assistant Secretary’), who shall be appointed by the President by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
as the Secretary determines appropriate, consistent with this title. 
Chemical Division, the Director of the Biological Division, the Director of the Nuclear Division, and the Director of the Explosives Division shall report directly to the Assistant Secretary. 
CBRNE Office, the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of the following: 
the National Protection and Programs Directorate, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this title. 
the responsibilities under this title, may distribute funds through grants, cooperative agreements, and other transactions and contracts. 
shall, in coordination with relevant Department components and other appropriate Federal departments and agencies, develop, coordinate, and update periodically terrorism risk assessments of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats. 
and other Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial officials involved in efforts to counter chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats; 
place to guide the development of such assessments, including for input, review, and implementation purposes, among relevant Federal partners; 
State, local, tribal, and territorial officials with appropriate security clearances and a need for the information in the classified versions of such assessments; and 
make available an unclassified version of such assessments for Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial officials involved in prevention and preparedness for chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear events. 
communications for CBRNE events to State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, and other stakeholders, as appropriate. 
The Secretary shall provide appropriate timely, accurate information to the public, governmental partners, the private sector, and other appropriate stakeholders in the event of a suspected or confirmed terrorist attack or other high consequence event utilizing chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents or explosives that pose a high risk to homeland security. 
the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis shall coordinate with the heads of other relevant Department components, including the Assistant Secretary, members of the intelligence community, including the National Counter Proliferation Center and the National Counterterrorism Center, and other Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial authorities, including officials from highthreat areas, to enable such entities to 
provide recommendations on optimal information sharing mechanisms, including expeditious sharing of classified information, and on how such entities can provide information 
after the date of the enactment of this section and annually thereafter for five years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on— 
to assess progress of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis in implementing this section; and 
STAKEHOLDERS .—The term ‘national biosecurity and biodefense stakeholders’ means officials from Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial authorities and individuals from the private sector who are involved in efforts to prevent, protect against, prepare for, respond to, mitigate, and recover from a biological attack or other phenomena that may have serious health consequences for the United States, including infectious disease outbreaks.’’. 
management and administrative expenditures and activities of the Office, including expenditures related to the establishment of the CBRNE Office, such as expenditures associated with the utilization of the Secretary’s authority to award retention bonuses pursuant to Federal law; 
and efficiencies within the CBRNE Office or its divisions; and 
effectiveness of the management and administration of the CBRNE Office to improve operational impact and enhance efficiencies. 
the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and the Assistant Secretary for the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office on chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development activities. 
REVIEW OF CHEMICAL , B IOLOGICAL , R ADIOLOGICAL , N UCLEAR , AND EXPLOSIVES RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES .— 
of the United States shall conduct a review of the organizational structure of the Department of Homeland Security’s management and execution of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development activities. 
structure for the management and execution of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including identification of any overlap or duplication of effort. 
improve the organizational structure of the Department’s management and execution of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives research and development activities. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the review required under this subsection. 
187), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
coordinate with the Assistant Secretary for the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office on all chemical, biological, and explosives research and development activities.’’; and 
strategy, and preparedness for pandemics and emerging infectious diseases;’’; and 
Secretary for Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for the Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office’’. 
in the CBRNE Office a Chemical Division, headed by a Director of the Chemical Division (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Director’). 
Director shall be responsible for coordinating departmental strategy and policy relating to terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing chemical agents that pose a high risk to homeland security, including the following: 
State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, and private entities as appropriate, against chemical threats. 
Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, and private entities as appropriate, on detection and communication technology that could be effective in terrorist attacks and other highconsequence events utilizing chemical agents. 
guidance and evaluations for all situations and venues at risk of terrorist attacks and other highconsequence events utilizing chemical agents, such as at ports, areas of mass gathering, and transit facilities, and may— 
are made available to State, local, tribal, and territorial governments and the private sector. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an assessment of the Department of Homeland Security’s programs and activities related to terrorist attacks and other highconsequence events utilizing chemical agents that pose a high risk to homeland security. 
of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act and as amended by section 3 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subtitle: 
in the CBRNE Office a Biological Division, headed by a Director of the Biological Division (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Director’). 
Office shall be responsible for coordinating departmental strategy and policy relating to terrorist attacks and other highconsequence events utilizing biological agents that pose a high risk to homeland security, including the following: 
State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, and private entities as appropriate, against biological threats. 
include within the CBRNE Office the Nuclear Division under title XIX, headed by the Director of the Nuclear Division (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Director’) pursuant to section 1901. 
shall be established in the Department a Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘There is in the Department a Nuclear Division, located in the CBRNE Office’’; and 
for Domestic Nuclear Detection, who shall be appointed by the President’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Nuclear Division’’; 
following: ‘‘coordinating departmental strategy and policy relating to terrorist attacks and other highconsequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials, and for’’; and 
provide support for planning, organization, equipment, training, exercises, and operational assessments to Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments to assist such governments in implementing radiological and nuclear detection capabilities in the event of terrorist attacks or other high 
consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high 
regulation, or rule to the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office or the Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection of the Department of Homeland Security shall be deemed to be a reference to the Nuclear Division or the Director of the Nuclear Division, respectively, of the Department. 
of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act and as amended by sections 3, 4, and 5 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subtitle: 
within the CBRNE Office an Explosives Division, headed by a Director of the Explosives Division (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Director’). 
Director shall be responsible for coordinating departmental strategy and policy relating to terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing explosives that pose a high risk to homeland security, including the following: 
State, local, tribal, and territorial governments, and private entities as appropriate, to counter terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing explosives. 
Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments and appropriate private entities on detection and communication technology that could be effective during terrorist attacks or other highconsequence events utilizing explosives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of this bill, the Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015. 
The threat from weapons of mass destruction is real and growing. We have seen groups like ISIS make makeshift chemical weapons; and on the battlefield last summer, a laptop reportedly retrieved from an ISIS hideout in Syria contained plans for weaponizing bubonic plague and documents discussing advantages of using biological weapons. They have also boasted about plans to smuggle radiological material into the United States. With recent FBI stings in places like Moldova, we know that there are sellers ready to supply the ingredients for these tools of terror, which brings us to the purpose of this legislation before us today. 
Homeland Security must play a leading role in defending our homeland from CBRNE threats. Departments and agencies across the United States Government have centralized their weapons of mass destruction programs to provide clear focal points for dealing with this threat. Within the Department of Homeland Security, however, leadership, expertise, personnel, and resources related to chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosive threats are disbursed across numerous organizations within DHS headquarters. By consolidating offices within the DHS headquarters with responsibility for CBRNE, H.R. 3875 will ensure better coordination within the Department and interagency. 
Mr. Speaker, we are living in dangerous times, and we must ensure the Federal Government is prepared to address these threats. This bill will ensure that the Department of Homeland Security is able to do so. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write concerning H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015’’. This legislation includes matters that I believe fall within the rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3875, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure agrees to forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s rule X jurisdiction. 
I request that you please place a copy of 
this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record. 
your interest in H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your cooperation in allowing the bill to move expeditiously under suspension of the House Rules on December 8, 2015. Because your assertion of jurisdictional interest was raised after the report for H.R. 3875 was filed, the Parliamentarians were not 
able to render an official decision as to any jurisdictional claim the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee may have had. 
I agree that the absence of a decision on 
this bill will not prejudice any claim the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee may have had, or may have with respect to similar measures in the future. 
A copy of this letter will be entered into 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015,’’ which your Committee reported on November 16, 2015. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
interest in H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your cooperation in allowing the bill to move expeditiously under suspension of the House Rules on December 8, 2015. Because your assertion of jurisdictional interest was raised after the report for H.R. 3875 was filed, the Parliamentarians were not able to render an official decision as to any jurisdictional claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology may have had. 
I agree that the absence of a decision on 
this bill will not prejudice any claim the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology may have had, or may have with respect to similar measures in the future. 
A copy of this letter will be entered into 
3875, the Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015. 
ago, and I said that the American people are looking for the homeland to be safe. As I stand here today in the backdrop of a recent classified briefing for many Members, I again say that the issue of homeland security is not a partisan issue. 
ranking member, for their bipartisanship and the bipartisanship of this committee. Working alongside the other jurisdictional committees—that includes my other committee, Judiciary, that has, as their ranking member, Mr. CONYERS , and chairman, Mr. 
GOODLATTE , and many other committees—our commitment should be to secure the American people. 
fiscal year 2013 Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, the Department of Homeland Security was directed to evaluate its activities related to preventing and responding to threats posed by chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosive, CBRNE, weapons and to determine whether there were ways to improve coordination of those activities. 
its report to Congress and requested that certain activities and offices within the Department be consolidated to create a center of gravity for the DHS CBRNE activities. 
the Department’s proposal. In particular, the bill would bring the Office of Health Affairs, the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, the Office of Bombing Prevention, the chemical and biological risk assessment activities Science and Technology Directorate, and staff from the Office of Policy and Office of Coordination Operations together in a single office, headed by a new assistant secretary. 
of the meetings and hearings that drew about some of these coordinated activities, and I believe the new assistant secretary will be a very effective tool for making America safer. 
the measure, the committee accepted an amendment authored by Ranking Member THOMPSON to protect the missions of the offices brought together and prevent some of the disruption that could be caused by this kind of reorganization. 
this reorganization will likely necessitate new expenditures. For instance, DHS may need to utilize retention bonuses to retain highly skilled, much soughtafter nuclear and biodefense experts who otherwise would leave DHS because of their lowered position and reduced prospects for advancement. I believe we should do that. 
Ranking Member THOMPSON ’s amendment also protects the role of the Chief Medical Officer as a leader within the 
Department on public health and medical issues by preserving the CMO’s direct line to the Secretary. 
The amendment allows for the establishment of a health division within the new office which could serve as a base of operations for the Chief Medical Officer’s public health activities. 
on this. We have found that we live in a situation where, whether it is a natural disaster, but in this instance a terrorist situation that comes about, there is certainly major need for coordinated health activities that a person briefed, informed, and trained under DHS, with the expertise, can give to local entities and States. 
For example, a hospital in my community, St. Joseph Medical Center, is the only hospital in a very intense downtown urban center. We would be interested in making sure that all of those health systems work. 
focus and attention toward the CBRNE mission diminished as a result of the unavoidable staff upheaval and infighting associated within any organization of this order. 
3875, as amended, will help bolster the Department’s ability to carry out this reorganization without diminishing its ability to continue to carry out its CBRNE mission. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak in support of H.R. 3875, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act of 2015.’’ 
As a Senior Member of the Homeland Security Committee, I served as Ranking Member of the Border and Maritime Subcommittee during the last Congress and in a previous Congress chaired the Subcommittee on Transportation Security. 
It is important that the House take up the 
issue of how the WMD programs within the Department of Homeland Security are managed, which is why I am an original sponsor of the bill. 
that Congress should be even more vigilant in providing for the protection of the United States. 
States’ leadership in the effort to forge an enforceable and verifiable nuclear agreement with Iran; deadliness of chemical weapons when they were used during the Syrian conflict against unarmed men, women, and children; and arrival of Ebola in Dallas, Texas and the cases that were treated around the nation. 
Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives (CBRNE) Defense within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). 
government have centralized their weapons of mass destruction (WMD) defense programs to provide clear focal points for dealing with this threat. 
However, DHS responsibilities in the chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives areas continue to be spread across many offices in the Department with varying authorities and functions, affecting strategic direction as well as interdepartmental and interagency coordination. This bill will bring DHS into line with the Defense Department, State Department, CIA, and FBI, which each have a lead office or bureau charged with defending America against chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives (CBRNE) threats. 
This is the result of many years of oversight 
by the Committee on Homeland Security on the Department’s management of CBRNE activities. 
The bill directs the Secretary to include within the new CBRNE Office: the Office of Health Affairs; the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office; risk assessment activities and personnel of the Science and Technology Directorate; CBRNE activities and personnel of the Office of Policy and Operations Coordination and Planning; and the Office for Bombing Prevention. 
the Assistant Secretary and needed structure for the management of CBRNE activities. 
The Subcommittees on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications; and Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a hearing in July on the Department’s proposal. 
I urge my colleagues on in the House to join 
Our work is not yet done, but we are creating the groundwork for a safer and more resilient WMD deterrent, detection, and remediation federal homeland effort. 
I appreciate the Homeland Security Committee’s interest in my bill H.R. 85, Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. 
Like Chairman MCCAUL, and Ranking Member T HOMPSON , I regard securing our nation’s 
critical infrastructure from terrorist threats as a top national and homeland security priority. 
I share the understanding regarding how important it is to draft legislation that addresses the cyber threat posed by computer viruses and worms designed to destroy or cripple industrial control systems that sustain critical infrastructure is a serious challenge. 
Fixing a Broken Bureaucracy—H.R. 3875 increases transparency and accountability at DHS by bringing the Department’s fragmented WMD defense programs under one roof and putting a lead official in charge. 
Most security agencies (the Defense Department, State Department, CIA, and FBI) have a lead office or bureau charged with using their resources to defend America against chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives (CBRNE) threats. 
But DHS does not—its WMD defense programs are scattered across multiple offices, a fractured approach that weakens our ability to confront these dangers on the frontlines. 
generates confusion about who is in charge at DHS, makes interagency collaboration more difficult, and drives away top talent. 
The CBRNE Defense Act combines six separate offices and programs into one central CBRNE Office at DHS headquarters, led by a senior official who reports directly to the Secretary. 
Elevating a Critical Mission—H.R. 3875 creates a stronger, unified office equipped to keep the nation safe from WMD threats, and 
it ensures these issues will always stay on the 
and rogue states that want to threaten our people with weapons of mass destruction. 
But under the current structure at DHS, important WMD defense efforts can get lost in the bureaucratic noise. 
By consolidating these programs, the legislation will keep WMD challenges on the radar of top officials. 
It will also allow DHS to conduct its CBRNE 
prevent taxpayer dollars from being wasted— and aims to reduce overlap and duplication wherever possible. 
have been spent on failed CBRNE programs at DHS that were illplanned and lacked effective oversight and management. 
combating WMD threats will be better coordinated and more closely monitored at the highest levels of the Department. 
oversee the Department’s WMD defense activities by consolidating standalone offices and streamlining the reporting structure. 
savings by allowing the merged offices to combine their administrative functions. 
more speakers. If the gentlewoman from Texas has no further speakers, I am prepared to close once the gentlewoman does. 
thank the gentleman very much for his leadership. I do not have any further speakers, but I would like to close and thank the committee as well for considering a bill that is now being reviewed—I want to thank the committee—H.R. 85, Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, which I hope contributes to all of our discussions about securing America. 
H.R. 3875, would consolidate important CBRNE activities within the Department of Homeland Security. I am hopeful that this reorganization will improve DHS’ ability to carry out its mission in this space. 
the terrorist landscape is unprecedented. There are actors with aspirations to hit Western targets with deadly conventional weapons. There are also actors that are actively seeking to secure radiological and other nonconventional weaponry to exact maximum death, destruction, and chaos. 
The Department of Homeland Security, first established after 9/11, has been designated and dictated to by the American people to keep them safe. It has an important role to play to address these threats. It is my great hope that this reorganization will help DHS take its CBRNE efforts to the next level. 
support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle, Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. T HOMP SONof Mississippi, for their coordination on this bill. I think this committee, probably more than any other one, has operated in a very bipartisan fashion. I am proud of that, as a chairman. I think in matters of national security, that is how we should operate, to reach across the aisle to get good things done for the American people to make them safer. So let me just say thank you for that. 
Speaker, the threats are real out there. We got a classified briefing on San Bernardino, the pipe bombs that were manufactured. In Dabiq Magazine, ISIS’ latest publication, they discuss the ease with which to move a nuclear device through transnational criminal organizations into the Western Hemisphere: through Mexico and across our southwest border. That is precisely the kind of threat that this bill is designed to stop. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3875, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3578) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002, to strengthen and make improvements to the Directorate of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Science 
and Technology shall be the primary research, development, testing, and evaluation arm of the Department, responsible for coordinating the research, development, testing, and evaluation of the Department to strengthen the security and resiliency of the United States. The Directorate shall— 
by striking ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall’’ and inserting the following new subsection: 
that such responsibility does not extend to human healthrelated research and development activities’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘including coordinating with relevant components and offices of the Department appropriate to— 
on research, development, testing, evaluation, technology, and standards for the first responder community, except that such responsibility does not extend to the human healthrelated research and development activities;’’. 
(ix) by adding at the end the following new 
leadership, senior component leadership, first responders, and outside expertise; 
ensure research and development projects meet Directorate and Department goals and inform departmental budget and program planning; 
scientists and practitioners, regarding the research and development activities conducted by the Directorate of Science and Technology; and 
technologies against homeland security capability gaps and terrorist threats; 
technology development for the Department by helping components and offices define technological requirements, and building partnerships with appropriate entities (such as within the Department and with other Federal agencies and laboratories, State, local, and tribal governments, universities, and the private sector) to help each such component and office attain the technology solutions it needs; 
provide venture capital to businesses, particularly small businesses, as appropriate, to assist in the commercialization of innovative homeland security technologies that are expected to be ready for commercialization 
in the near term and within 36 months.’’; and 
the following new sentence: ‘‘If such regulations are issued, the Under Secretary shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate prior to such issuance.’’; and 
countermeasures or detection’’ and inserting ‘‘nuclear, and explosives countermeasures or detection (which may include research into remote sensing and remote imaging)’’; and 
(II) by adding after clause (xiv) the following new clause: 
later than one year after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of 
‘‘(ii) describe how such designation or designations enhance homeland security; 
tasked and completed by each center that has been designated during the preceding 
in the Directorate of Science and Technology a Test, Evaluation, and Standards Division. 
Standards Division shall be headed by a Director of Test, Evaluation, and Standards, who shall be appointed by the Secretary and report to the Under Secretary for Science and Technology. 
Science and Technology, serve as an adviser to the Secretary and the Under Secretary of Management on all test and evaluation or standards activities in the Department; and 
including policies to ensure that operational testing is done at facilities that already have relevant and appropriate safety and material certifications to the extent such facilities are available; 
and evaluation activities are planned and conducted by or on behalf of components and offices of the Department with respect to major acquisition programs of the Department, as designated by the Secretary, based on risk, acquisition level, novelty, complexity, and size of any such acquisition program, or as otherwise established in statute; 
test reports and test data to assess the adequacy of test and evaluation activities conducted by or on behalf of components and offices of the Department, including test and evaluation activities planned or conducted pursuant to clause (ii); and 
infrastructure to determine whether the Department has adequate resources to carry out its testing and evaluation responsibilities, as established under this title. 
and Standards Division is not required to carry out operational testing of major acquisition programs. 
Evaluation, and Standards may evaluate technologies currently in use or being developed by the Department of Defense to assess whether such technologies can be leveraged to address homeland security capability gaps.’’; 
facility to the Plum Island Animal Disease Center, including the National Bio and Agro Defense Facility (NBAF) under construction as of the date of the enactment of this subsection, which is intended to the replace the Plum Island Animal Disease Center shall be 
the same manner and to the same extent as the Plum Island Animal Disease Center under this section.’’; 
‘‘not fewer than 15 and not more than 30’’; and 
and incorporate the findings and recommendations of the Advisory Committee subcommittees,’’ before ‘‘during’’; and 
‘‘the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate’’; 
component and office use on a Department website; and 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall establish a process to define, identify, prioritize, fund, and task the 
basic and applied homeland security research and development activities of the Directorate of Science and Technology to meet the needs of the components and offices of the Department, the first responder community, and the Homeland Security Enterprise (as such term is defined in section 322). 
term needs, including unanticipated needs to address emerging terrorist threats; 
if an identified homeland security capability gap or threat to the homeland can be addressed through the acquisition process instead of commencing research and development of technology to address such capability gap or threat; and 
research and development activities pursued by other executive agencies, to determine if technology can be leveraged to identify and address homeland security capability gaps or threats to the homeland and avoid unnecessary duplication of efforts; 
national associations and advisory groups representing the first responder community and first responders within the components and offices of the Department; and 
accessible portal to allow the first responder community to help the Directorate of Science and Technology develop homeland security research and development goals; 
Department’s homeland security technology priorities for the purpose of informing Federal, State, and local governments, first responders, and the private sector; 
the Directorate in selecting appropriate research entities, including the national laboratories, federally funded research and development centers, universitybased centers, and the private sector, to carry out research and development requirements; 
the Under Secretary for Science and Technology considers necessary for the identification and prioritization of research requirements. 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall develop and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a strategy to guide the activities of the Directorate of Science and Technology. Such strategy shall be updated at least once every five years and shall identify priorities and objectives for the development of science and technology solutions and capabilities addressing homeland security operational needs. Such strategy shall include the coordination of such priorities and activities 
within the Department. Such strategy shall take into account the priorities and needs of stakeholders in the Homeland Security Enterprise (as such term is defined in section 322). In developing such strategy, efforts shall be made to support collaboration and avoid unnecessary duplication across the Federal Government. Such strategy shall be riskbased and aligned with other strategic guidance provided by— 
strategic goals, objectives, and metrics of the Directorate, including those to address terrorist threats. 
Science and Technology shall develop, and update at least once every five years, a five year research and development plan for the activities of the Directorate of Science and Technology. The Under Secretary shall develop the first such plan by the date that is not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section. 
Technology’s research, development, testing, and evaluation activities, priorities, performance metrics, and key milestones and deliverables for, as the case may be, the five fiscalyear period from 2016 through 2020, and for each fivefiscalyear period thereafter; 
development by other Federal, State, private sector, and nonprofit institutions contributes to the achievement of the priorities identified in each plan, and avoids unnecessary duplication with such efforts. 
budget and each mission area or program, including those mission areas or programs to address homeland security risks, including threats, vulnerabilities, and consequences, specifying which mission areas or programs fall under which budget lines, and clear links between Directorate coordination work and priorities and annual expenditures for such work and priorities, including joint investments with other Federal partners, where applicable; 
Science and Technology shall establish and utilize a system to track the progress of the research, development, testing, and evaluation activities undertaken by the Directorate of Science and Technology, and shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and customers of such activities, at a minimum on a biannual basis, regular updates on such progress. 
the number of products and services developed by the Directorate that have been 
transitioned into acquisition programs and resulted in successfully fielded technologies. 
and Technology shall implement procedures to engage outside experts to assist in the evaluation of the progress of research, development, testing, and evaluation activities of the Directorate of Science and Technology, including through— 
scientists and practitioners, to gather independent expert peer opinion and advice on a project or on specific issues or analyses conducted by the Directorate; and 
to assess the quality and relevance of the Directorate’s programs and projects. 
Secretary for Science and Technology shall establish a formal process to collect feedback from customers of the Directorate of Science and Technology on the performance of the Directorate that includes— 
which the Directorate can assess the quality and usefulness of technology and services delivered by the Directorate; 
the usefulness of any technology or service provided by the Directorate; and 
the Department outside the Directorate, under a memorandum of agreement with the head of such a component or office under which such component or office will reimburse the Directorate for the costs of such employment. 
as appropriate to ensure that such applicants possess the appropriate level of scientific and engineering expertise and qualifications; 
to the heads of components and offices of the Department seeking to utilize qualified fellows; 
the employment of such fellows with the Department; and 
costs of employing such fellow, including administrative costs; and 
Science and Technology shall support research, development, testing, evaluation, and transition of cybersecurity technology, including fundamental research to improve the sharing of information, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, consistent with current law. 
detecting attacks or intrusions, including realtime continuous diagnostics and real time analytic technologies; 
tools to support cybersecurity research and development efforts, including modeling, testbeds, and data sets for assessment of new cybersecurity technologies; 
technologies to reduce vulnerabilities in industrial control systems; and 
section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall coordinate activities with— 
such projects, including research, development, testing, evaluation, pilots, and transitions. The Under Secretary shall identify mature technologies that address existing or imminent cybersecurity gaps in public or private information systems and networks of information systems, identify and support necessary improvements identified during pilot programs and testing and evaluation activities, and introduce new cybersecurity technologies throughout the Homeland Security Enterprise through partnerships and commercialization. The Under Secretary shall target federally funded cybersecurity research that demonstrates a high probability of successful transition to the commercial market within two years and that is expected to have notable impact on the cybersecurity of the information systems or networks of information systems of the United States. 
term ‘Homeland Security Enterprise’ means relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in homeland security, including Federal, State, local, and tribal government officials, private sector representatives, academics, and other policy experts. 
meaning given such term in the second section 226, relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center. 
security capability gaps or threats to the homeland within a specific mission area and technological solutions to address such gaps. 
departmental research and development activities within a specific mission area. 
Science and Technology shall establish a Homeland SecuritySTEM internship program (in this section referred to as the ‘program’) to carry out the objectives of this subtitle. 
students with exposure to Department missionrelevant research areas, including threats to the homeland, to encourage such students to pursue STEM careers in homeland security related fields. Internships offered under the program shall be for up to ten weeks during the summer. 
Science and Technology shall develop criteria for participation in the program, including the following: 
than one academic year of study at an institution of higher education in a STEM field; 
STEM field at an institution of higher education; and 
or pursue an additional course of study in a STEM field at an institution of higher education in the academic year following the internship. 
goals aligned with the Department’s mission, goals, and objectives. 
administered in cooperation with the universitybased centers for homeland security under section 308. Interns in the program shall be provided handson research experience and enrichment activities focused on Department research areas. 
Technology shall determine the academic requirements, other selection criteria, and standards for successful completion of each internship period in the program. The Under Secretary shall be responsible for the design, implementation, and operation of the program. 
for Science and Technology shall conduct outreach to students who are members of groups underrepresented in STEM careers to encourage their participation in the program. 
PROJECTS .—Section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— 
which a component or office of the Department seeks to utilize the authority under this section, such office or component shall first receive prior approval from the Secretary by providing to the Secretary a proposal that includes the rationale for the use of such authority, the funds to be spent on the use of such authority, and the expected outcome for each project that is the subject of the use of such authority. In such a case, the authority for evaluating the proposal may not be delegated by the Secretary to anyone other than the Under Secretary for Management.’’; 
U.S.C. 148; relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center) is amended to read as follows: 
an occurrence that actually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful authority, the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of information on an information system, or actually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful authority, an information system.’’. 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate for appropriate improvements. 
other agencies’ efforts to organize and use universitybased research to support their missions. 
academic institutions that are not designated or associated with the designated universitybased centers can optimally contribute to the research mission of the Directorate of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security. 
between the different universitybased centers and the degree to which outreach and collaboration among a diverse array of academic institutions is encouraged by the Department of Homeland Security, particularly with historically Black colleges and universities and minorityserving institutions. 
funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section. Such section and amendments shall be carried out using 
amounts otherwise appropriated or made available for such purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, makes targeted adjustments and strategic improvements to the ways in which the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Technology Directorate, or DHS S&T, carries out its responsibility to conduct research and development. These strategic improvements will strengthen the Directorate and address some of its welldocumented challenges. 
evolving threats and makes use of technological advancements to develop and deliver solutions to meet the critical needs of the DHS components. 
today provides a clear mission statement for the Directorate and it codifies S&T’s portfolio review process. This process engages key leadership and stakeholders to ensure that research and development meets the Directorate and Department goals. 
subcommittee and full committee further strengthen this legislation, including Mr. RICHMOND ’s amendment to 
codify integrated product teams, a mechanism that will support the Directorate’s ability to identify, coordinate, and align research and development efforts with departmental missions. 
H.R. 3578 also ensures that the Directorate identifies technical capability requirements and creates solutions with researchers and the private sector. It also bolsters S&T’s role as coordinator of research and development across the Department. 
This bill requires additional transparency by requiring S&T to link its budget with mission areas and programs. 
Cybersecurity research and development is essential to support DHS’ efforts to secure the dotgov domain. The seriousness of this mission received heightened awareness after the OPM breach compromised the highly sensitive and personal information of over 20 million Americans. H.R. 3578 bolsters S&T’s cybersecurity research and development by ensuring sector specific agencies for critical infrastructure are included in the coordination of cybersecurity research and development and by codifying the Transition to Practice program to support the lifecycle of cyber projects, including research, development, testing, evaluation, and transition. 
the Department, managing the basic and applied research and development of science and technology for DHS’ operational components. S&T’s work includes supporting research and development for technologies to benefit first responders, the Nation’s border and maritime security, cybersecurity, and chemical and biological defenses. 
the gentleman from Texas, Chairman SMITH, of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee for his support in moving this legislation forward. 
strengthen the important role and work of the Directorate to meet both the scientific and technological security needs of our Nation. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning H.R. 3578, the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015,’’ which your Committee ordered reported on September 30, 2015. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. However, in consideration of your request to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego formal consideration of H.R. 3578. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I appreciate that the Committee on Homeland Security has consulted with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the two Committees have reached agreement on the final text of H.R. 3578. I understand you acknowledge the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s jurisdiction over the legislation and that the Committee on Homeland Security agrees to work with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to develop and enact an additional homeland security research and development measure early in 2016. 
letter confirming this understanding and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
letter regarding H.R. 3578, the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’ I acknowledge that by forgoing action on this legislation your Committee is not diminishing or altering its jurisdiction. 
on this bill does not in any way prejudice the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. Furthermore, I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation. 
Homeland Security will continue to work with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to develop additional legislation addressing homeland security research and development in early 2016. 
I will include copies of this exchange in the 
this measure on the House floor. I appreciate your cooperation regarding HR. 3578, and I 
look forward to working with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative process. 
I rise to support H.R. 3578, the Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015. 
from Texas, thank you so very much for your leadership. Again, we have a great opportunity working together, along with your ranking member, Mr. RICHMOND , and the chairman of the full 
Mr. T HOMPSON . I believe we are continuously building blocks of security for the American people. 
component of the Department of Homeland Security’s mission to make America more secure and better able to prevent, respond to, and recover from natural disasters and terrorist acts. 
landscape, technologybased force multipliers are essential for managing our borders, safeguarding cyberspace, and making sure we are resilient in the face of disasters. 
Science and Technology Directorate serves its customers within the Department in the first responder community in three ways. 
the chairman, we understand that we are looking at generational gaps. Terrorists are young. People who wish to undermine the landscape of cybersecurity can use, if I might say, these young minds, these technocrats, to do things that we may have never heard of, so our system must be resilient. First, this bill requires S&T to engage in strategic planning and priority setting exercises that will assist Congress in measuring the management effectiveness and utility of the research and technologies it funds. This kind of selfassessment will make S&T a more effective partner to its customers and will help make its program more efficient. 
evaluate its university programs and collaborative agreements and assess its efforts to broaden outreach to diverse institutions, which may have a unique expertise to add to S&T’s ongoing work. 
it is critical that we maximize the way we leverage the capabilities of knowledgerich universities, and this provision will help S&T do just that. In fact, I believe that the universities are our richest source of talent, and not only for the researchers and the professors, but certainly the students who are young, who are there to do good, of whom we can utilize both their talents, their approach, and their intellect. 
targeted venture capital investments in the homeland security enterprise that can accelerate product development and add mission critical capabilities quickly and efficiently. 
put better technologies into the hands of DHS bootsontheground State and local first responders soon. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3578 codifies existing practices at S&T that are working and will make S&T a stronger, more reliable partner in the homeland security mission. 
this important bipartisan legislation, and, as well, I continue to look forward to working with this subcommittee, among others, to begin to look at the cyber space and the cybersecurity infrastructure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), my friend and colleague. 
thank my friend and colleague from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) for his work on 
comments, and for yielding me time as well. I also want to thank both him and the gentleman from Texas, MICHAEL MCCAUL, the full committee 
and Technology shares jurisdiction with the Homeland Security Committee over the research and development programs carried out by the Department of Homeland Security. In the case of this bill, H.R. 3578, it is the R&D of the Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate, which was established by legislation that originated in the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. The Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology, likewise, shares jurisdiction of the bill we just considered, H.R. 3875. That bill will assess and plan DHS research and development of chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives defenses. 
Science, Space, and Technology expects to continue to advance science and technology efforts to counter terrorist threats to the homeland. 
our committee exercised its jurisdiction by holding two hearings. In September of 2014, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Research and Technology Subcommittee held a joint DHS S&T Directorate oversight hearing with Homeland Security’s Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies Subcommittee. 
Government Accountability Office reviews that found serious problems with management and coordination of R&D within the Department of Homeland Security. This includes fragmented and overlapping R&D programs and millions of taxpayer dollars spent on duplicative R&D projects. 
Directorate develop stricter policies and guidance to help define, oversee, coordinate, and track R&D across the Department of Homeland Security. 
and Technology conducted a followup oversight hearing on October 27 of this year. At that hearing, Under Secretary Brothers described the progress made in its implementation of the GAO’s recommendations and updated us on the S&T Directorate’s initiatives to help DHS meet the full spectrum of threats. 
today reflects the work of the members of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Homeland Security to help the S&T Directorate meet a broad range of homeland security challenges by stretching the technological envelope. 
for the Directorate, updates its responsibilities, and requires strategy and R&D plans to prioritize addressing 
homeland threats. It also authorizes targeted cybersecurity R&D projects and creates new S&T integrated product teams to develop technological solutions to meet the Department’s mission areas and address threats to the homeland. 
Last week’s horrifying terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, just days after a terrorist attack in Paris, reminds us that this legislation is ultimately about defending the American people and our country from terrorists. 
taking the initiative with this critical legislation, and I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) as well. 
on the front line of homeland security activities from Customs and Border Protection and the Transportation Security to local first responders, the Science and Technology Directorate must rapidly develop and deliver innovative solutions that advance DHS’ mission. 
I am convinced that the whole matter of cyber technology are the new frontier of terrorism and that this Department must be, as it has been, very well prepared with human personnel being on the front lines of the first responders, and must give them extra tools through S&T to help to further the mission of the security of this Nation. It is a complex and difficult mission. 
making smarter and quicker R&D investment in technology and tools that help our first responders do their jobs better and more effectively. 
support H.R. 3578, and I thank the proponent of this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I 
I thank the gentlewoman for her support and leadership in connection with this bill. I would also like to thank Chairman MCCAULand Ranking Member T HOMPSON for their leadership in 
are always changing. This bill will help DHS S&T find strategic and focused technology options and innovative solutions to address homeland security capability gaps and threats to our homeland. 
I, once again, urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3578, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3578, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3869) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and communications integration center, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State and 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148; relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
upon request, in identifying information security protections commensurate with cybersecurity risks and the magnitude of the potential harm resulting from the unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction of— 
by or on behalf of a State or local government; or 
by an agency or by a contractor of a State or local government or other organization on behalf of a State or local government; 
governments, provide and periodically update via a web portal tools, products, resources, policies, guidelines, and procedures related to information security; 
technical cybersecurity training to State and local government and fusion center analysts and operators to address cybersecurity risks or incidents; 
Chief Privacy Officer and the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department, privacy and civil liberties training to State and local governments related to cybersecurity; 
technical assistance to State and local governments to implement tools, products, resources, policies, guidelines, and procedures on information security by— 
State or local government to continuously diagnose and mitigate against cyber threats and vulnerabilities, with or without reimbursement; 
operational evaluations, including threat and vulnerability assessments, on the information systems of State and local governments; 
develop policies and procedures for coordinating vulnerability disclosures, to the extent practicable, consistent with international and national standards in the information technology industry, including standards developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology; and 
Fair Information Practice Principles developed pursuant to section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’ or the ‘Privacy Act’); 
prompt removal and destruction of obsolete or erroneous names and personal information that is unrelated to the cybersecurity risk or incident information shared and retained by the Center in accordance with this section; 
cyber threat indicators and defensive measures retained by the Center, including information that is proprietary or businesssensitive that may be used to identify specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition; 
threat indicators and defensive measures associated with specific persons to the greatest extent practicable; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) and the gentlewoman 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
the State and local levels is of the utmost importance. From our local DMV offices and courthouses to our critical infrastructure, the exploitable vulnerabilities and possible consequences are alarming. 
State and local governments often do not have access to the technical capabilities and training that the Federal Government does. 
Local Cyber Protection Act, is a critical step in the resolution of this problem. 
In 2010, the National Governors Association released a statement on the importance of cybersecurity in protecting the ability of Federal, State, and local governments to perform their vital functions. 
They stated: ‘‘Due to the breadth and scope of the 
State role in entitlement services, facilitating travel and commerce, regulatory oversight, licensing and citizen services, states gather, process, store, and share extensive amounts of personal information. From cradle to grave, the states are the nexus of identity information for individuals. This makes the states prime targets for external and internal cyber threats.’’ 
Cybersecurity is a shared responsibility involving all levels of government and the private sector. While much has been done over the last several years to improve the Nation’s cybersecurity, a number of challenges remain. This bill would allow State and local governments access to the assistance, training, and tools, voluntarily and upon request, that are required to secure our Nation’s information systems at every level. 
This bill instructs the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, the NCCIC, at the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate with States and locals on securing their information systems. 
the identification of system vulnerabilities and possible solutions for State and local information security systems. 
to communicate available tools for States and locals, providing technical training for State and local cybersecurity analysts, providing assistance and implementing cybersecurity tools upon request, providing privacy and civil liberties training, and informing States and locals on the current cybersecurity guidelines already developed at the Federal level. 
Protection Act would require the NCCIC to seek feedback from State and local governments once the law is implemented and voluntary assistance has begun in order to gauge the effectiveness of these efforts and to ensure that progress is being made. 
The Department of Homeland Security has a substantial responsibility to States and locals in the cyber realm as State and local systems host a wide range of sensitive PII and critical infrastructure data, making them especially attractive for cyberattacks. By reinforcing the relationship between DHS and State and local governments, we are supporting and urging for the continued development of cyber protection for our State and local governments. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
Let me first of all thank the gentleman from Texas for his leadership in working on this legislation, to again acknowledge our chairs—Mr. MCCAUL 
and Mr. T HOMPSON —and also to acknowledge Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. 
attack is growing, and the damage caused by those attacks, whether it is the theft of personally identifiable information or the disruption of operations, is becoming more costly. 
an area for national improvement in its National Preparedness Report every year since it was first published in 2012. That finding is based, in large part, on State selfassessments reflecting a lack of confidence in cybersecurity capabilities. The threat posed by criminal and terrorist hackers continues to evolve even as State and local governments work to gain a stronger footing in the cybersecurity mission area. 
Let me say that this country continues to grow, continues to increase its population, and continues to become dependent on the cybersecurity infrastructure. Helping to engage State and local entities by training is a crucial, crucial action, if I might applaud the gentleman, but also say it is a very important mission for both the Homeland Security Department and the Committee on Homeland Security. The Department of Homeland Security has resources and capabilities that, when shared with State and local governments, can help them step up their games. H.R. 3869, the State and Local Cyber 
Protection Act of 2015, would codify ongoing efforts by instructing the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, the NCCIC, and the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate with State and local governments and to, upon request, provide assistance to secure their information systems. 
Information systems run water entities in our communities. I remember visiting one that was up on the Web, if you will, that could be altered by a cyber attack. This legislation would codify DHS’ ongoing coordination effort to give assurances to State and local governments that DHS stands ready to partner with them to protect their network. 
assist State and local governments to deploy technology capable of diagnosing and mitigating against cyber threats and vulnerabilities. 
training to State and local entities regarding integrating policies to protect privacy and civil liberties into their cybersecurity efforts. 
levels of government be capable of identifying information system vulnerabilities and of protecting them from unauthorized access, disclosure, and disruption of data. 
as a committee, been reminded of privacy and civil liberties issues while also protecting the American people. 
To build that capability, the Federal Government has a role to play in assisting State and local entities by providing both technical training on cybersecurity and guidance on potential privacy and civil liberties implications. 
throughout the country have told us this bill is a vital, muchneeded step in advancing national cybersecurity capabilities. 
As a Senior Member of the Homeland Security Committee, and Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and Investigations I am well aware of the terrorism and criminal risks to our nation’s critical infrastructure, civilian and privacy computer networks. 
Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, which directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to work with critical infrastructure owners and operators and state, local, and territorial to take proactive steps to address All Hazards that would impact: national security; economic stability; public health and safety; and/or any combination of these. 
This nation is presented with new challenges in confronting threats to our national security, and cybersecurity. 
area that must receive the needed attention to protect it against all threats and allhazards. 
unexpected threats from a variety of sources. The nation must plan to be a step ahead of our enemies in order to effectively detect, deter, and defend against terrorist attacks in whatever form they may arise, including cyberattacks to our nation’s critical infrastructure. 
It is for these reasons that I proposed H.R. 
85, the Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2015. This bill should it become law would greatly assist in our nation’s ability to protect critical infrastructure from the worse effects of cyberattacks. 
fight cyber terrorism just as vigorously as we combat other form of terrorism carried out through physical violence. We can be prepared to meet and defeat cyber terrorism threats with legislative efforts like H.R. 85, which would offer tools to effectively address terrorist attacks against critical infrastructure. 
The Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act directs the Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS) to: 
engage with international partners to strengthen the security and resilience of domestic critical infrastructure and critical infrastructure located outside of the United States; 
guidance to federal civilian agencies for the identification, prioritization, assessment, remediation, and security of their internal critical infrastructure to assist in the prevention, mediation, and recovery from terrorism events. 
responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security as it relates to the Department’s responsibility to protection and defends civilian agencies and private sector networks from cyberattacks. 
Infrastructure Protection Act also provides guidance to the Secretary of Homeland Security regarding actions to be taken to: 
threat and vulnerability information as well as information that allows for the development of a situational awareness capability for federal civilian agencies during terrorist incidents; 
function for critical infrastructure that includes operational and strategic analysis on terrorism incidents, threats, and emerging risks; and 
information sharing by civilian federal agencies with the private sector that protects constitutional privacy and civil liberties rights. 
Council to evaluate how well DHS is meeting the objectives of this Act. 
Member T HOMPSON for their support and collaboration in working with me to improve the bill for consideration by the Full Committee and ultimately the House of Representatives as we work to ensure safety, security, resiliency, trustworthiness of vital critical infrastructure networks, while at the same time ensuring that data used for this purpose does not undermine the privacy and civil liberties of Americans. 
have no further requests for time, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
an article dated October 19 from The Hill newspaper on boosting power grid defenses against ISIS. 
Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D–Texas) on Friday called for action on a bill bolstering powergrid cybersecurity after a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) official said the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) is trying to hack American electrical power companies. 
‘‘No solace should be taken in the fact that 
ISIS has been unsuccessful,’’ Jackson Lee said. ‘‘ISIS need only be successful once to have catastrophic impact on regional electricity supply.’’ 
infrastructure protection at DHS, told energy firm executives at an industry conference in Philadelphia last week that ISIS ‘‘is beginning to perpetrate cyberattacks.’’ 
same event indicated that the group’s efforts have so far been unsuccessful, thanks in part to a Balkanized power grid and an unsophisticated approach. 
‘‘Strong intent. Thankfully, low capability,’’ said John Riggi, a section chief at the FBI’s cyber division. ‘‘But the concern is that they’ll buy that capability.’’ 
Homeland Security Committee and ranking member on the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, in January introduced the Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. 
infrastructure companies to boost their cyber defenses against terrorist attacks, part of a swath of legislation that has attempted to codify the agency’s responsibilities in that area. 
version of the Housepassed National Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. 
or the electric grid—a ‘‘cyber Pearl Harbor’’—is still only a hypothetical, experts warn critical infrastructure sites are increasingly at risk, as electric grids get smarter. 
National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers told lawmakers last fall that China and ‘‘one or two’’ other countries would be able to shut down portions of critical U.S. infrastructure with a cyberattack. Researchers suspect Iran to be on that list. 
a new subcommittee dedicated to preventing attacks on the power grid. 
how well the department’s lifeline sectors are prepared to meet threats and recover from a significant cyber event. 
The committee will also provide recommendations for a more unified approach to state and local cybersecurity. ‘‘There is a great deal that has been done 
and is being done now to secure our networks,’’ Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told the House Judiciary Committee in July. ‘‘There is more to do.’’ 
State and local governments have been struggling to keep pace with the evolving threats posed by cyber breaches. They just cannot do it alone. We have the resources. This Department was crafted and designed to be able to reach out beyond these parameters to ensure that local governments and State governments felt that they were secure. 
3869 would send a clear message about our commitment to helping State and local governments address the perennial cybersecurity challenges that permeate their providing services for their constituents, which have been identified every year, according to the National Preparedness Report. 
In having formerly chaired this infrastructure committee, I know that the need still remains great and that we have an opportunity to keep building and improving on that resource. 
again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3869. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that 
the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3869, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to assist State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and communications integration center, and for other purposes.’’. 
FIRST RESPONDER IDENTIFICATION OF EMERGENCY NEEDS IN DISASTER SITUATIONS 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2795) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the effectiveness and availability of first responders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations’’ or the ‘‘FRIENDS Act’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that describes select State and local programs and policies, as appropriate, related to the preparedness and protection of first responders. The report may include information on— 
policies include consideration of the presence of a first responder’s family in an area impacted by a terrorist attack; 
first responders and their families for biological incident response; and 
State and local programs and policies included in the report were developed or are being executed with funding from the Department of Homeland Security, including grant funding from the State Homeland Security Grant Program or the Urban Area Security Initiative under sections 2002 and 2003, respectively, of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603 and 604). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) and the gentlewoman 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations. 
because of the men and women who keep us safe every day by putting their lives on the line. We can thank them by ensuring they have sufficient resources to do their jobs. H.R. 2795 will take a national snapshot of the current policies and programs that support first responders and their families in the event of a terrorist attack. 
By requiring the Government Accountability Office to report this national snapshot to Congress and to the Department of Homeland Security, we will have a better understanding of the support surrounding our first responders and their families. 
State Emergency Medical Services Officials and the International Association of Fire Chiefs are endorsing this legislation because it promotes the critical work our first responders are always prepared to do despite the challenges they face. Events like the Ebola scare that hit the U.S. in 2014 alerted us to the impact these events have not only had on our first responders, but also on their families. 
I thank Ms. JACKSON LEEfor introducing this legislation and for working with the Committee on Homeland Security to promote this important issue. 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations, or the FRIENDS Act, as we have been very happy to call it as we have crafted it. 
First responders are our Nation’s heroes. We know that we are gathering together in these final weeks to make sure that we pass the 9/11 health bill that provided for those who stood in the face of danger during the tragedy of 9/11. 
into burning buildings, that they rescue people trapped by dangerous floods, that they put themselves in harm’s way to protect others, and that, as we well know in these times, they deal with terrorism. 
we saw brave first responders heroically pursue two individuals who were fleeing from the scene of a deadly attack at an office holiday party. 
We also know that, at the site of that 
first responders who were going toward the building. Not knowing the threat or whether or not the individuals who had created this massacre were still there or how many there were, they ran toward the building. 
must leave their homes and families while the rest of us cling to ours. Whether it was to deal with the aftermath of a terrorist attack, like the attacks of September 11, or to give support during a catastrophic disaster, like Hurricane Katrina, first responders bravely leave home to save others. 
those incidences, one, a natural disaster and, one, a terrorist act. I watched as firefighters stayed day 
after day after day and would not remove themselves because they were engaged in recovering their colleagues— their brothers and sisters—and those others who had perished. They stayed day after day. 
families. We know the stories. We know that some of them were dealing with situations in which they may have been the only parent or the only guardian. 
Coast Guard stay in the area time after time and the National Guard and other first responders come from all over the country and from even all over the world to be able to help those who were in need, and they stayed a very long time. 
are asked to answer the call to action without knowing whether their families will be safe as they work to rescue others. Our first responders deserve better. 
The FRIENDS Act directs the Government Accountability Office to conduct a comprehensive review of policies and programs designed to ensure that first responders are able to do their job safely and effectively by assessing, among other things, measures to ensure first responder families are safe and the availability of personal protective equipment is there. 
the FRIENDS Act, my friend from New York (Mr. HIGGINS ) offered an amendment to authorize GAO to evaluate the availability of home med kits for first responders and their families in assessing the preparedness of first responders, maybe even being able to take care of their neighborhood or their family or themselves in the course of these disasters. I am pleased to support the Higgins amendment, and I believe it adds to the bill. 
H.R. 2759 also directs GAO to distinguish policies available in highrisk urban areas, which may be better resourced, and rural areas where efforts to ensure preparedness for first 
responders and their families may require creative leveraging of resources. Many of those areas have volunteer fire departments and volunteers who need the assistance from this act. This provision will ensure that the information included in the report will be applicable and adaptable by various communities across the country as they work to better protect their protectors and to give them the support system that they need. 
Additionally, the FRIENDS Act directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to review GAO’s findings and assess whether policies identified could be applicable to Federal first responders. The FRIENDS Act has been endorsed by the International Association of Fire Chiefs, as well as the National Association of State EMS Officials, and the International Emergency 
bringing this important legislation to the floor. Let me also thank the ranking member and chairman of the emergency preparedness committee and all of jurisdictional committees that helped contribute to this. Let me also acknowledge the staffs on both sides of the aisle who were enormously effective in helping to bring about this bill. 
I want to thank Mr. HOYER , who for 
many, many years was a cochair of the Congressional Fire Service Caucus on which I participated with him over those years, for his stated support of this legislation. 
Homeland Security, and the author and sponsor, I am proud to rise in strong support of H.R. 2795, the ‘‘First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations of 2015,’’ or the ‘‘FRIENDS Act.’’ 
Member T HOMPSON for their cooperation, assistance, and support in shepherding this important legislation to the floor. 
I appreciate Congressman PAYNE , the Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, for his original cosponsorship and strong support of the FRIENDS Act. 
and fundamental idea that we have an obligation to ensure that the first responders who protect our loved ones in emergencies have the peace of mind that comes from knowing that their loved ones are safe while they do their duty. 
The FRIENDS Act, which reflects stakeholder input and bipartisan collaboration with the Majority, is an example of what can be achieved for the American people when Members of Congress put the public interest ahead of partisan interests. 
Chiefs, the National Association of State EMS Officials, and the International Emergency Management Society for their valuable assistance and input regarding the FRIENDS Act. 
I thank Kay Goss; the President of the International Emergency Management Society, who provided technical assistance during the bill’s drafting process on the work of first responders to prepare for catastrophic events. 
charge of National Preparedness, Training, and Exercises during the Clinton Administration, the first woman confirmed by the Senate to serve in that position. 
I hold in high regard the service of firefighters, law enforcement officers, emergency response technicians, nurses, emergency room doctors, and the dozens of other professionals who are the ultimate public servants. 
Few persons outside their ranks truly understand why and how first responders are able to do what they do every day—voluntarily and cheerfully risk placing their lives in harm’s way to save a stranger. 
First responders, whether as law enforcement officers, fire fighters, search and rescue workers, or emergency medical technicians 
make our lives safer, often at considerable risk to their personal safety. 
to let our first responders know that we do recognize and understand that they have families and loved ones who they must leave behind when they are called to duty. 
The GAO study that will be provided as a 
result of this bill will shed light on what is being done by local and state governments to address the needs of first responder families when threats like Hurricanes Sandy, Hugo, and Katrina hit communities, or when a terrorist attack like the ones seen in New York and Boston occur. 
will also provide information on the availability of personal protective equipment for first responders. 
was an acute problem for front line first responders during last year’s Ebola crisis. 
First responders including EMTs, emergency room doctors and nurses, as well as law enforcement and fire department professionals who responded to emergencies were in need of guidance on how to effectively treat a person with Ebola without becoming infected. 
on Homeland Security in a Full Committee field hearing last year in Dallas, Texas, shortly after the first case of Ebola was diagnosed in the United States. 
That patient, Eric Duncan, lived in the Dallas area and was treated at a local hospital, but died of the illness. 
As a result of coming in contact with Mr. 
Duncan two nurses at the hospital where he was treated became ill with the disease. 
the attention of the House Homeland Security Committee a letter from National Nurses United transmitting the results of a survey of nurses, which found that: 
that their hospital had not communicated to them any policy regarding potential admission of patients infected by Ebola; 
their hospital had not provided education on Ebola to enable nurses to interact with patients safely; 
their hospital had insufficient supplies of eye protection (face shields or side shields with goggles) and fluid resistant/impermeable gowns; and 
that their hospital did not have plans to equip isolation rooms with plastic covered mattresses and pillows and to discard all linens after use; fewer than 1 in 10 respondents reported that they were aware their hospital had such a plan in place. 
hospitals around the country with infectious disease units knew the right protocols and had the right protective gear to be used when treating an Ebola patient. 
thought for many, but I think we saw the best of what first responders do each day—our doctors and nurses went to work and treated the sick and did what they always do—take care of those in need. 
favorably to the House, the Homeland Security Committee voted to support first responders 
and the people who love them and need them most, their families. 
healthcare workers, EMTs, firefighters, law enforcement, and other local, state, and federal first responders can answer the call of duty secure in the knowledge that they will have what they need in the way of health kits or an emergency response plan to enable them to perform their duty and return home safely to their families and loved ones. 
range of policies and programs in place at the State level to address the preparedness and protection of first responders will also delineate high risk urban areas from rural communities; and the degree to which selected state policies were developed or executed with funding from the DHS Grant Programs or Urban Area Security Initiative authorized by 
the family of first responders in an area affected by a terrorist attack and the availability of personal protective equipment is essential. 
This will be the first report that focuses on 
the family as a critical factor that should be considered in the work of first responders during times of crisis such as a terrorist attack or public emergency. 
The issue of families in areas that may be 
impacted by terrorist attack or other crisis was highlighted by the Ebola crisis in Dallas, Texas last year. 
According to Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins, who managed the crisis, one of the chief concerns of first responders was keeping their families safe. 
against first responders and their families was a real concern because it was known that EMTs and the firefighters accompanying them responded to the home of the first known Ebola victim in the United States, Eric Duncan. 
their children’s health regarding possible means of contracting Ebola they did not want their children attending a school with the child of first responders who might come into contact with Ebola victims. 
the Commissioner of Public Health, the top Ebola expert in the United States, and the Dallas County Medical Society explain to the public that there was a zero percent chance of transmission of Ebola in that scenario. 
responders expressed concerns regarding their lack of knowledge about the disease, as well as not having the right type of protective equipment to ensure their safety in managing the care of possible Ebola victims. 
expect to weigh on a first responder called to respond to a terrorist attack or unprecedented emergency. 
is not in question—they are the people who run into burning buildings to save people whom they may never have met. 
The FRIENDS Act is a small token of the 
nation’s gratitude and appreciation for all first responders do keep us safe. 
and thank Natalie Matson and her colleagues on the Homeland Security Committee’s majority staff, Moira Bergin and her colleagues with 
the Minority staff, and Lillie Coney of my personal staff for their technical expertise and great work on H.R. 2795. 
first responders and vote to pass H.R. 2795, the FRIENDS Act. 
have no further speakers, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
am prepared to close since I have no further speakers, and I yield myself the remaining time. 
do in the course of this legislation is to make sure that the stakeholders were fully informed and thought this would be a constructive addition to their ability to serve the public and to be on call and to be away for long periods of time from their families, which they have been called to do. 
the wildfires in the West, the enormous flooding that we have had, and certainly we cannot forget the issues dealing with terrorism. The terrorism investigations, as individuals who are victims are buried in California, the first responders, law enforcement, and others are still on the job investigating what is occurring. 
letters into the RECORD from the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives, who are indicating the importance of this legislation; a letter from the Office of the Mayor of the City of Houston, Mayor Annise Parker, who indicates that as first responders risk their lives in responding to terrorist attacks and other emergencies, they and their families are at increased risk; from the Houston Professional Fire Fighters, Association Local 341, who have written on behalf of the 3,800 men and women of the Houston Fire Department, indicating the need for this legislation to protect their families; from the National Association of State EMS Officials, the International Association of Fire Chiefs on behalf of nearly 11,000 fire service leaders for introducing this legislation that would provide adequate preparedness for their families; and an article which is entitled ‘‘Family Versus Duty: Personal and Family Preparedness Law Enforcement Organizational Resilience.’’ 
DEARCONGRESSWOMAN JACKSON LEE: On behalf of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE), our Executive Board, local chapters, and members, I am writing to express support for H.R. 2795, the First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act. Our nation’s first responders risk their lives in responding to terrorist attacks, natural disasters, and other emergencies. Consequently, they and their families may be at increased risk due to exposures they face in responding to disasters. Directing the Government Accountability 
Office to prepare a report that examines the preparedness and protection of first responders and their families, including an assessment of the grant funding available, will serve an important function by evaluating existing resources to protect first responders and their families and the need for additional resources. 
equip our first responders to protect our communities while also ensuring that their 
writing to express my support for H.R. 2795, the First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act. Our nation’s first responders risk their lives in responding to terrorist attacks and other emergencies, and they and their families may be at increased risk because of exposure they face in responding to disasters. Directing the Government Accountability Office to prepare a report that examines the preparedness and protection of first responders and their families, including an assessment of the grant funding available, will serve an important function by evaluating existing resources to protect first responders and their families and the need for additional resource. 
threat of terrorist attacks, and it is critical that we are prepared and that we best equip our first responders to protect our cities while at the same time ensuring that their families are safe. 
behalf of the 3,800 men and women of the Houston Professional Fire Fighters Association, IAFF Local 341, I thank you for your leadership on H.R. 2795, the First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act. 
HPFFA members and our families appreciate your commitment to helping ensure that first responders’ families will be prepared in the event of largescale natural disasters, health crises, or terrorist attacks. 
Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute to H.R. 2795. 
Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Chairman, Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Ranking Member, House Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Preparedness, Response, and Communications, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
the Jackson Lee Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute titled, the ‘‘Families of Responders Identification of Emergency Needs in Designated Situations’’ or the ‘‘FRIENDS Act.’’ This bill would provide an important report on the state of family support planning for the families of first responders. 
planning is important to homeland security because this area of continuity of operations planning addresses the health and safety needs of first responder families during terrorist attacks or incidents as well as other emergencies. The FRIENDS Act will be an important first step in engaging the first responder community on the role of family in preparedness and continuity of operations. 
responder organizations to get their perspectives on best practices in family support planning programs on the local and state levels. 
behalf of the nearly 11,000 fire service leaders of the International Association of Fire Chiefs (IAFC), I would like thank you for introducing your substitute amendment to H.R. 2795, the First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act. The IAFC supports this legislation, because it will examine an important issue facing the nation’s first responders during a major terrorist attack: adequate preparedness for the first responders’ families. 
enforcement and EMS officials will be called upon to take heroic actions to protect the public and provide fire and emergency medical response. In the case of a largescale incident or biological attack, the families of these first responders also will be at risk. Based on the experience of IAFC members during the response to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and last year’s response to potential Ebola incidents in the United States, I know that the welfare of the first responders’ families weighs heavily on them as they serve the public. It is important that federal, state, and local officials make plans to provide for the safety of first responders’ families in order to ensure strong morale among 
local fire, law enforcement, and EMS officials during a major terrorist attack. 
The IAFC thanks the House Homeland Security Committee for considering this substitute amendment to H.R. 2795. It would direct the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to examine planning for first responders’ families during terrorist attacks. We urge the GAO to highlight effective plans, so that other jurisdictions can learn from them. We also support Representative Higgins’ amendment to make minor changes to the bill, including examining the use of medkits for first responders’ families. 
legislation. The IAFC urges the House Homeland Security Committee to pass both this substitute amendment and the Higgins amendment. We look forward to working with you to pass this legislation in the House of Representatives. 
It has been more than four years since Hurricane Katrina opened our eyes to the personal struggles faced by law enforcement officers in the wake of disaster. The law enforcement response to Hurricane Katrina brought to the forefront the challenges that ensue when the intended responders become victims. Many law Enforcement Officers had to make the choice between their responsibility to their families and their duties as police officers. As law enforcement officers, how do we balance the needs and safety of our families with our duty to respond in a crisis? As employers and managers of law enforcement officers what are our responsibilities to our employees and their families in developing and maintaining personal and family preparedness? What steps can be taken by organizations to increase employee and family preparedness of law enforcement personnel? 
This article provides an overview of personal and family preparedness of police officers and its relationship to law enforcement organizational readiness. The role of the law enforcement agency in developing and supporting personal and family preparedness will also be reviewed. The overall goal of this article is to develop the general elements of an effective program for law enforcement agencies that advances the personal and family preparedness of law enforcement officers to increase the likelihood that officers will report in emergency situations. 
(NOPD) faced a multitude of challenges in efforts to respond to the impact of Hurricane Katrina that resulted in an ‘‘almost total loss of police capabilities in New Orleans.’’ The official reports crafted in the wake of the disaster identify several issues that led to the ‘‘collapse of law enforcement.’’ These identified problems included ‘‘missing police officers led to a law enforcement manpower shortage.’’ While there were some officers who were derelict in their duties in failing to report, the vast majority had become victims themselves, or dealt with family crises related to the disaster, making it difficult or impossible to report for duty. There are estimates that as much as 5 percent of the NOPD force were stranded at home. Other elements, including the technological failures of electric power grids, communications systems, etc., can be overcome through effective continuity planning. The loss of significant numbers of personnel through their failure to report is completely debilitating for the law enforcement function. Regardless of the technological enhancements, policing is accomplished by people, without them there 
its efforts to respond to Hurricane Katrina were of a scale not seen in our modern history, ensuring that personnel are willing and able to report for assignment is critical. This is an easier task when notice of the potential crisis, such as an approaching Hurricane, is known for several days in advance. Developing the organizational agility for officers to report in sudden unexpected conditions is more challenging. 
directly on the ability and willingness of police officers to report in crisis situations. There have been several studies conducted in the public health and healthcare community, and limited studies among firefighters and emergency medical technicians. While there are many parallels that can be drawn across first response organizations, each has unique challenges in different emergency situations that may impact the willingness of responders to report. 
family preparedness to the resilience of law enforcement agencies in disaster. Although further research is needed, these studies make employee and family preparedness impossible to ignore in overall agency preparedness efforts. 
for confrontations, teach them how to investigate crimes and help them develop skills to earn promotions. However, as leaders we fail to teach our officers how to prepare their families and themselves if they are called to duty during a crisis. To improve the chances that law enforcement officers will be in a position to make the decision to report in a crisis situation, leaders should develop clear expectations through policy and planning; including a Mission Statement and Strategic Plan. According to Whisenand, the agencies that have gone through difficult times, managerially, have had three things in common. Each of these agencies exhibited signs of a lack of leadership, an absence of a shared vision and their strategic plans were either poorly developed or had not been established. Therefore, administrators should create a clear policy for their officers so expectations are established before disaster strikes. 
Clear emergency recall guidelines allow officers to understand the methods and expectations following the notification of offduty personnel to return to work. The policy should establish how the decision will be made, how officers will be contacted, reporting locations, and expected time from notification to reporting. Notifications may be accomplished through radio communication, telephone contact, pagers, or media utilizing the Emergency Alert System. These guidelines also establish who is exempt from returning. This may include officers who are on vacation, sick leave, or military duty. 
extending the tour of onduty personnel. This should include the decision process, which personnel may be affected. 
While maintaining the flexibility to respond to a variety of incidents, expected emergency preplanned shift assignments should be communicated to personnel. For example, agencies may choose to implement 12hour A/B platoon shifts. The expectation should be communicated to personnel in order to facilitate personal and family preparedness planning. 
Levels of mobilization should be established to set parameters for how many personnel will report for duty. Will the entire department report or will it be selected divisions, or specialized units that will be mobilized. 
Communicating policies and roles for support staff is critical to emergency operations. They must be included in policies and personal and family preparedness process. 
support of law enforcement operations in disasters need to be clearly defined. The Senate Hurricane Katrina report indicated that there were deficiencies in that there ‘‘did not appear to be any preplanning for food, 
need to know how they will be supported during disaster operations, will they have offshift food and lodging available? Concerns about onduty and offduty support may impact officers’ willingness to report for assignment. The clear articulation and communication of support that officers can expect will allow for personal and family planning, strong support efforts may increase response rates. 
commitment to support officer families and communicate the expected relationship between the organization and families to officers. There is a range of support that agencies can provide to families ranging from basic home logistical support to providing a shelter to locate officers’ families during a disaster or an emergency situation. If agencies do not plan to provide support to families, they must communicate this expectation and prepare officers and families to be selfsufficient. The decision to provide no support to families may impact recall and dereliction of duty rates. 
Katrina, the NOPD took a different approach in preparing officers to report for duty prior to Hurricane Gustav in 2008. NOPD provided employees paid time off to prepare and evacuate their families if necessary before reporting for duty. The effectiveness of the strategy on response rates could not be measured as Hurricane Gustav largely missed New Orleans. Preincident policies such as time off to prepare should be considered and communicated to personnel. 
Policy should clearly articulate the consequences when officers elect not to report for duty. Leaders must deal decisively with the issue. The failure of the chief executive to address such cases could erode confidence in their ability to maintain discipline within the department. Failure to enforce can also call into question the importance of such a policy. 
occur at least on an annual basis and be reinforced regularly by supervisory personnel. Training should include instruction in the development of personal and family preparedness plans and emergency kits. Emergency exercises should include the extension to families, in order for officers to engage their families in the potential impact of agency emergency operations on the home. 
have the expectation that law enforcement officers report for duty when significant events or crises occurs. An established policy that includes protocols, training, clear organizational mission, and communication of the expected relationship between agencies and families of officers can help officers prepare and facilitate the decision to report for duty. Agency executives must place high organizational value on personal and family preparedness and reinforce it through training, exercise, and the supervision process. Provisions for the safety of officers’ families should be a key component of a plan. Planning and policy development can steer the organizational culture to a culture of preparedness that include the families of our most critical asset; our people. 
I began, let me thank the first responders of this Nation and thank their families for the sacrifice that they make. Our first responders rush into dangerous conditions to protect us. They deserve to have the peace of mind that their families are safe as they courageously help others and other families during disaster and crisis. Now, their plate is enhanced. It is fuller dealing with not only these disasters, but the potential of a terrorist act. 
all of those who have offered their support, again, in particular, the International Association of Fire Chiefs for their support in working with us. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (H.R. 2795) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2795, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 2250, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–378) on the resolution (H. Res. 560) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a 
question of the privileges of the House and offer the following resolution. 
process has been seriously undermined by the influence of a powerful lobby, causing the House leadership to prevent the American people’s representatives from considering commonsense measures to prevent terrorists from purchasing assault weapons and firearms from any licensed firearms dealer in the United States; 
Whereas the first duty of Members of Congress is to protect and defend the American people, and that duty is forsaken by the failure of the House leadership to withstand the influence of a powerful lobby controlled by the gun industry; 
have previously urged sympathizers to exploit the United States’ lax gun laws in order to perpetrate domestic terror; 
Watchlist can go into a gun store anywhere in America and buy dangerous firearms of their choosing legally; 
Whereas since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States; 
percent of all suspected terrorists who tried to buy a gun in a store in America walked away with his or her weapon of choice; 
ability of suspected terrorists to continue to buy guns and refuses to schedule legislation to close the terror list loophole; 
Hook Elementary school nearly 3 years ago, more than 1,000 mass shootings, 90,000 gun deaths, and 210,000 gun injuries have occurred; and 
are inflicting daily tragedy on communities across America: Now, therefore, be it 
and the integrity of the legislative process, upon the adoption of this resolution, the Speaker shall place H.R. 1076, the ‘‘Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act’’, as introduced by Congressman Peter King (Republican–NY), on the calendar for an immediate vote. 
gentlewoman from California wish to present argument on the parliamentary question whether the resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House? 
Ms. PELOSI. I do, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California is recognized. 
shocking to the American people that Congress refuses to keep guns out of the hands of those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. The gun violence epidemic is a public health crisis that we have a responsibility to address. Failing to meet that responsibility brings dishonor to the House of Representatives. 
Eighty percent of Americans support legislation to close the outrageous loophole that puts guns in the hands of people, again, on the FBI’s terrorist watch list. In the last decade, 90 percent of those on the FBI’s terrorist watch list who tried to buy guns in America left the store with their weapons of choice. 
do nothing. We have not even allowed an upordown vote. In just over 1,000 days since Sandy Hook, we have seen 1,000 mass killings, 90,000 gun deaths, and 210,000 gun injuries in communities across America. 
House, we dishonor the American people, and we erode America’s faith in our democracy. We have no right to hold moments of silence without action to end gun violence. Give us an upor down vote. 
seeks to offer a resolution raising a question of the privileges of the House under rule IX. The resolution directs the Speaker to schedule a particular measure for an immediate vote. 
IX, as the Chair most recently ruled on October 8, 2013, is that a resolution expressing a legislative sentiment does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the House. 
measure, the resolution expresses a legislative sentiment in violation of the principles documented in sections 702 and 706 of the House Rules and Manual. Accordingly, the resolution does not constitute a question of the privileges of the House. 
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2795. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 173, not voting 18, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
FIRST RESPONDER IDENTIFICATION OF EMERGENCY NEEDS IN DISASTER SITUATIONS 
business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2795) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the effectiveness and availability of first responders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 396, nays 12, not voting 25, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis 
DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur 
Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen 
Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Johnson, Sam Kildee LaMalfa Lawrence Lewis McGovern Meadows Nolan Pelosi 
Price, Tom Rangel Rice (NY) Scott (VA) Sessions Sinema Webster (FL) 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Stated for: Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
689, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
2015, I was unavoidably detained due to ongoing issues surrounding the health of my youngest daughter in Minnesota. 
No. 687, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (Suspend the Rules and pass H.R. 3578). 
No. 688, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ (Motion to Table). 
No. 689, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (Suspend the Rules and pass H.R. 2795). 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Thursday, December 10, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on 
rollcall vote 688 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 689. 
(Mr. BRAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to honor the life and work of ‘‘Fearless’’ Phyllis Galanti, an amazing woman and a true American hero. 
2693 which honors Phyllis Galanti by naming the arboretum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum. 
shot down and taken as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam in June 1966, Phyllis did not respond with fear but, instead, became a tireless advocate for American POWs around the world. 
known, sought an audience with the North Vietnamese leaders, collected almost half a million letters from the Richmond area, and personally delivered them to the North Vietnamese embassy in Stockholm. She also gave hundreds of policy presentations to leaders like President Nixon and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, becoming nationally known for her dedication to bringing home POWs. 
separation, Paul and Phyllis were reunited in February of 1973 in Norfolk, Virginia. Even with her husband home, Phyllis continued her work, confronting not only Vietnam, but also the Soviet Union and Iran in her tireless quest to bring our boys home, eventually earning The American Legion Service Medal. 
war is truly inspirational. We all are grateful that this bill passed the House, and I owe a special thanks to former POW Representative SAMJOHNSON; Veterans Committee Chairman 
Mr. PETERS. Navy Yard, Washington, D.C., September 16, 2013: 
Aaron Alexis, age 34. Santa Monica, California, June 7, 
Carlos Navarro Franco, 68 years old. Margarita Gomez, 68. Samir Zawahri, 55 years old. Marcelo Franco, 26 years old. Christopher Zawahri, 24. Chattanooga, Tennessee, July 16, 
David Wyatt, 35. Randall Smith, 26. Carson Holmquist, 25. Squire Wells, 21 years old. Houston, Texas, August 9, 2015: Dwayne Jackson, 50 years old. Valerie Jackson, 40. Nathaniel Jackson, 13. Honesty Jackson, 11. Dwayne Jackson, Jr., 10. Caleb Jackson, 9. Trinity Jackson, 7. Jonah Jackson, 6. Manchester, Illinois, April 24, 2013: Jo Ann Sinclair, 66 years old. James Roy Ralston, 29. Brittney Lynn Luark, 23. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
week it was revealed that Iran tested mediumrange ballistic missiles. By doing so, Iran has now violated the nuclear deal that was agreed to over objection of a majority of this House in July, which calls on Iran to end its ballistic missile program for 8 years. 
United Nations Security Council resolutions. Like many of my colleagues in the House, I opposed the Iran nuclear deal because of the likelihood that Iran would cheat and the Obama administration would refuse to hold them accountable and reimpose sanctions. 
from the Obama administration on snapping back the sanctions into place. Because of that, Iran will continue to enjoy more and more of the plus $100 billion in unfrozen assets that they have not been accessible to. 
If Iran is allowed to break the agreement without consequences, it will only encourage more bad behavior and unrest in the Middle East. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today I rise to celebrate Human Rights Day, the anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was signed in 1948. Today is the 67th anniversary of that, as I just indicated. 
recognizing this anniversary and supporting the ideals of human rights. I am pleased to have the support already of 37 of my colleagues as cosponsors of this resolution recognizing Human Rights Day. 
I believe we should take this opportunity to pause and to honor all those 
the fundamental rights and freedoms that belong to all human beings. 
take up my resolution and set aside today to recognize Human Rights Day. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
I have said today on the floor and yesterday, the American people expect us to keep them safe. 
support they have given the Homeland Security Committee on a number of bills and particularly note the legislation that I introduced, the FRIENDS Act, the sole purpose of which is to ensure that those who are first responders who have to be away for a period of time, that their families are protected. 
I also think it is an important moment for bridging and building on law enforcement and community. I have had the opportunity to meet with a number of police chiefs of major cities. We have introduced—JOHN CONYERS  
and myself, along with a number of Members—the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which really is an opportunity and a bridge to be able to provide an accreditation pathway for the law enforcement agencies to build upon the improvement and the best practices that they may have, including a medallion for those who have fallen in duty. 
It is also important, as we look forward to the security of this Nation, to recognize the tragedy of San Bernardino. I offer to those families my deepest sympathy. There was a major failure which we need to correct. 
together so that we are not behind the terrorist act, but in front of it, to protect the American people. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
yielding to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), my good friend and 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding. 
If you have watched the news recently, you are well aware that there is an economic financial debt crisis taking place right now in Puerto Rico. Our 
American brothers and sisters are going through an incredibly difficult time. 
is 100 percent of their GDP, which is catastrophically high. This debt has had a huge impact on the livelihoods of those who live on the island. 
what it is on the mainland. It is at 12.4 percent. Fortyeight percent of Americans on the island are living in poverty. Again, half of the island citizens—Americans—are living in poverty. 
on the island are leaving and they are coming to the mainland. It is great because they work hard and they have an amazing culture. It is wonderful they are coming. But if you are coming to the mainland, you should be coming because you want to come, not because you don’t have economic opportunity in your home. We don’t want to force people away from their families and their neighbors and their community because they don’t have economic opportunity. 
House and stand with our brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico. We can’t turn a blind eye. We have to work with them. We have to work for them so we can address this crisis. 
Yesterday I introduced a pretty simple and straightforward bill that will help jumpstart the Puerto Rican economy, help put people back to work, grow their economy, better paying jobs, and lift people out of poverty. It is very simple. It is called the Puerto Rico Financial Stability and Debt Restructuring Choice Act, and it has two prongs. 
implement a financial stability board that is going to help the island with the management of its budget, its tax collection, and its finances. 
access a chapter 9 bankruptcy. By the way, every State in America can access chapter 9. It will be the same rights as every State that we will offer Puerto Rico. It is pretty simple and straightforward stuff. 
that no one wants to have a financial stability board shoved down their throat, and the citizens of Puerto Rico don’t want that either. That is why we give them the choice. This doesn’t go into effect unless the Puerto Rican legislative assembly approves the financial stability board and the Governor signs it so that they have a say in their future. 
Rico to restructure their debt, to get their finances in order, to grow their economy, and to let people on the island start living the American Dream. If we do nothing, if we turn a blind eye and say that we are not going to offer the same bankruptcy option that every State has, we are turning our backs on our fellow American citizens on the island, and that is not who we are. We should stand together. 
Now, there are others who have proposed different solutions for the island, and those solutions involve a bailout without real structural reform. I have got to tell you that, after the 2008 financial crisis, I think Americans have had it up to here with bailouts. We usually go with bankruptcy and financial reform, and that is what my bill does. 
Americans in this institution, whether you are a conservative or a liberal, you are a Republican or a Democrat, to note that our brothers and sisters, our fellow American citizens in Puerto Rico, are going through tough times, and it is our job to stand with them, not turn our backs. 
If we can pass this bill, it is going to 
be a new day on the island, economic prosperity and opportunity. And then people have a choice to say: Do I want to stay on the island, raise my family on the island, or do I want to leave and come to the mainland? 
forced into that choice just because they don’t have opportunity on the island of Puerto Rico. 
friends to reach out. Let’s be part of the solution. 
I walked through the airport recently, I noticed a young teenager. She was traveling and was seemingly happy to be involved in whatever activity she was going to. 
said: What you do matters. It caught my attention: What you do matters. I liked it. I am not sure what was motivating her, but she wanted to communicate an important value to elevate an ideal. I simply admired her willingness to take a stand. 
though: There is a troubling statistic out there, and a recent survey highlights this. A majority of Americans do not identify with what America has become. Many people feel our country is slipping away. In reality, most want to reclaim the promise of our great Nation. 
Contrary to the barrage of negativity, most people hope for justifiable goals: to regain power over their own lives, to regain power over the government, and to regain power over their own economic prospects. 
America’s system of government is its capacity for constant replenishment. Opportunities sometimes present themselves unpredictably. That gives us a chance to reassess and realign in new and compelling ways, both to preserve important traditions as well as to restore the future promise of our Nation. 
glimpsed through what I call four interlocking principles, the first of 
second, economic inclusion; third, foreign policy realism; and, fourth, social conservation. 
to a more decentralized government will restore an important source of America’s strength. When the Federal Government grows beyond its effective purpose, it infringes upon basic liberty, it stifles innovation, it crushes creativity, and it impedes our responsibility for one another in the community. 
every conceivable problem and nationalizing every conceivable discussion erodes the community’s input. While the Federal Government does have an important central role in maintaining the guardrails of societal stability, the rule of law, and a fair opportunity economy, America’s governing system is designed to operate most effectively at varying levels. Those close to an opportunity or those close to a problem ought to have the first authority to seize the opportunity or to solve the problem. 
Second: economic inclusion. Economic inclusion should help America recover from an arthritic economy. You see, Mr. Speaker, when power concentrates in a Washington Wall Street axis, where the transnational corporation is an emerging ruling entity and where small business—the source of most jobs in America—is suffocated under increasingly complex dictates, the opportunity for a strong and vibrant marketplace diminishes. A vibrant market actually expands the space for constructive interdependency and community dynamism, fighting poverty, and driving innovation. 
Third: foreign policy realism. Foreign policy realism should chart a new course between isolationism and over interventionism. America has an important leadership role to play on the world stage. Today, however, many Americans are alarmed by an exhausted, drifting, and often counterproductive foreign policy. 
in the role of the world’s superpower and at great sacrifice. We, as a country, created the space for international order. But now we live in a multipolar world. Other countries, which we helped empower through our generous sacrifice, must take a seat at the table of responsible nations. 
through strategic international partnerships will help us navigate a 21st century that is marked by evershifting geopolitical frameworks. 
The fourth point: social conservation. What does that mean? Social conservation preserves the condition for order, for opportunity, and for happiness. 
hope and diminishing opportunity and darkening shadows. A healthy society depends upon more than politics for 
the promotion of sustainable values. America has many mediating institutions, as we call it—important civic institutions, if you will—which uphold greater ideas. 
proud, longtime member of the Rotary Club in Lincoln, Nebraska. At every Rotary Club meeting across this country, in which hundreds of thousands of Americans participate, there hangs a banner at the front of the club, and it reads: ‘‘Is it true? Is it fair to all concerned? Will it build goodwill and better friendships? Will it be beneficial to all concerned?’’ 
to hang the banner right here, Mr. Speaker. That is a pretty good game plan. 
As new leadership emerges on the national stage, perhaps this is the moment to think critically about how we regain the high ground of purposeful government, an opportunity economy, a balanced foreign policy, and a flourishing culture in a good society. We need to play all four quarters. 
the marketplace are downstream from our culture; and with a heavy heart, I say this—everyone knows it—America’s social fabric is fraying. Many people are experiencing deepening anxiety about the future direction of the country. The recent attack in San Bernardino has only intensified the feeling. A crazed couple, driven by its twisted religious ideology, murdered indiscriminately those at a social services center. It is a horrible tragedy and a grotesque irony, and our hearts feel for those who were so gravely harmed. 
hallmark of the American experience— will continue to decay into discord unless two mutually supporting conditions are sustained: a genuine appreciation of organic differences and a binding substructure of universal ideals and shared values. One such value is that we do no harm to others, and a religion that teaches killing is no religion at all. Other important values include trustworthiness, thrift, citizenship, courteousness, and so on. By the way, Mr. Speaker, a helpful list of these ideals, of these virtues, is found in the Boy Scout Law. 
this threepart problem of government overreach, economic exclusion, and cultural dislocation. A centralizing government seems decreasingly able to understand, much less address, the needs of its citizens it should serve. In the midst of this divisive political season, partisan dysfunction, and bureaucratic inertia, it is all hindering the proper progress toward addressing our country’s most pressing problems, and it overshadows important local initiatives where certain problems can best be solved. Not everything is a Federal issue. A private sector which is consolidating corporate power, often underwritten by the State, is disenfranchising the small business 
sector. A loss of genuine choice and genuine competition of economic pluralism reduces the ability of people to participate, own, and innovate in a marketplace that is truly free and can deliver widespread prosperity. 
A culture of contrasting philosophies, more and more inflamed by caustic rhetoric, is contributing to what 
some believe are irreconcilable social divisions. An impoverished account of individualism, of a liberty reduced to autonomous choice and divorced of responsibility creates the conditions for social anarchy, which further creates the conditions for counterproductive government interventions, lawless overreach, and intrusive market manipulations. Then add into this mix a confusing assortment of values choices that are driven more by experimenting elites than by the stability of sound tradition, and you have the recipe for harmful disruption. No wonder there is so much sadness in the world. 
policy positions, we must understand that authentic solutions involve a return to essential value propositions. The application of proper principles to these problems would enable us in Washington to better assuage widespread and justifiable angst with appropriate government policy, with appropriate government decentralization, and with dynamic economic inclusion, supported by a hopefilled culture. That is our answer. 
As you enter my State—I live in Nebraska—the sign reads: ‘‘. . . the good life.’’ A good life is found in freedom and responsibility. A just and orderly society is founded and sustained by persons who care. What we all do does really matter, just like my young teenage friend—I would like to call her a ‘‘friend’’—displayed in the airport recently. 
Mr. Speaker, late this summer, before school began, I took my younger children on a family trip to western Nebraska. Near Valentine, Nebraska, which is in an area called the Sandhills, water from the underground aquifer—it is called the Ogallala Aquifer—seeps out of the ground and falls dramatically over rock formations and into a stream that then feeds into the Niobrara River. The area is called Fort Falls, and it is a part of the Fort Niobrara National Wildlife Refuge. The stream’s icy cold water flows like a river into the shallow warm water that is running in the Niobrara. What is even more interesting to ponder, as you look around, are the steep slopes on both sides of the beautiful river. On the north bank, rocky hill formations are covered with pine trees. On the south bank, the trees are much different. You see the last reach of the eastern deciduous forest, with a mixed variety of plants and hardwood trees just like you would see here in Virginia. It looks like California on one side, and across the river here in Virginia on the other. Right there, where 
I live in Nebraska, we are the geographic center of our country, where east meets west. 
As a part of that trip, we also took a 
drive northward into the State of South Dakota, into the Black Hills, to a place called Mount Rushmore. It happened to be the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally that weekend, so I and about 2 million other bikers were on the road. Everyone knows the four faces on Mount Rushmore. Each of the four American Presidents embodied great qualities and faced significant challenges: 
George Washington was a transcendent leader who purposefully walked away from power, giving our early Republic a chance to grow into a vibrant democracy; 
Thomas Jefferson’s life was seemingly full of conflicts and contradictions, but his efforts gave rise to the Declaration of Independence, which poetically expressed an understanding of the dignity and the rights of all persons, which so beautifully still informs our culture and our government to this day; 
correction in his life. He rejected an early snarky, political, antagonistic attitude and turned toward a vision of that which is noble and good. His reputation as a skillful and humble leader extended well beyond the Civil War to many important endeavors, including the development of land grant institutions all over this country, like the University of Nebraska; 
his life after his wife died at a young age. His boundless energy, translating into multiple accomplishments, perhaps helped him outpace a haunting melancholy from which he suffered. As an avid hunter, he grew to recognize the importance of wildlife preservation. Beyond the natural places that he preserved, perhaps Roosevelt’s greatest legacy was one of trust busting—breaking up concentrations of economic power that locked so many Americans out of a fair shot at economic opportunity. 
sacrificed greatly to give us what we have today. 
the country are experiencing a serious disquiet about all of these challenges that we are facing. They feel disconnected from the ability to control their own wellbeing. These concentrations of power are overwhelming the capacity of individuals to shape their own environments. Political and economic and cultural cartels are growing more powerful, and, in some ways, they are more hidden and destructive than in Roosevelt’s time. 
are on everyone’s mind. This concentration of power stifles innovation and creativity; and as money flows into the political system, it pays for the polarization which hinders the ability of our body to find constructive solutions. This transcends, by the way, the current partisan divide. 
world offers significant benefits and opportunities to us, but globalization also introduces forces that can leave so many Americans feeling helpless. Transnational corporate conglomerates, often buttressed by oligarchic political systems, are shrinking the space for genuine choice and competition in the private sphere. As I talked about earlier, the stress of small business is very real. This concentration of economic power endangers true free market principles, which should be working for the many. 
disrepair and economic malaise signal an underlying brokenness in our society, in our culture. Persons—humans— thrive in relationships with our families and communities in a healthy society, which creates the preconditions for this human flourishing. Cultural consolidation and social discord have left more and more people, again, feeling directionless and feeling alone. Weakening relationships and weakening social institutions foreshadow and prefigure political and economic problems. Ultimately, renewing America—restoring America’s government and economy—requires reclaiming a vibrant civil society, which is the true source of our Nation’s strength. 
through those Black Hills, which I spoke of earlier—the onelane tunnels and winding hairpin turns—they form a very beautiful but a very arduous journey, even without all the motorcycles around you. As you continue that journey, looking for something, an opening then appears in the trees, and you see it—that magnificent piece of art, carved in stone, with four of America’s greatest Presidents. 
timeless and unchanging; but the ideals they represent must be reestablished in each generation. The renewal of America will depend, in large part, on whether or not we can grasp what these leaders stood for and whether or not we can make the sacrifices necessary to reclaim our country’s potential in this time, our time. 
Mr. Speaker, what we all do matters. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, December 11, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3747. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period April 1 through September 30, 2015, pursuant to μ5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. 
3750. A letter from the Acting Administrator, United States Agency for International Development, transmitting the 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2406. A bill to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–377, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 560. Resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–378). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committees on Agriculture, Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2406 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 4208. A bill to authorize the use of the 
United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. A L 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, Ms. B ASS, Mr. L EWIS, 
FATTAH , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. C LARKE of 
Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. 
COHEN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. 
Health Service Act to authorize grants to provide treatment for diabetes in minority communities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to require voting members of the Financial Stability Oversight Council to testify before Congress at least twice each year when requested to do so or to otherwise permit certain Members of Congress to attend meetings of the Council whether or not such meetings are open to the public; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): 
H.R. 4211. A bill to require Fannie Mae and 
Freddie Mac to establish procedures for considering certain credit scores in making a determination whether to purchase a residential mortgage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California (for herself, Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. 
Based Institutional Special Needs Plan demonstration program to target home and communitybased care to eligible Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L ARSON  
H.R. 4213. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make residents of Puerto Rico eligible for the earned income tax credit and to provide for equitable treatment for residents of Puerto Rico with respect to the refundable portion of the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 4214. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the excise tax and special occupational tax in respect of firearms and to increase the transfer tax on any other weapon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, the Judiciary, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BASS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mrs. C APPS , Ms. C ASTORof Florida, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
KEATING , Mr. B EYER , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C APUANO , 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ARSENof Washington, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of 
MCGOVERN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. N EAL, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Miss R ICEof 
SCHIFF , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. S HERMAN , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M AXINEWATERS of California, Mr. W ELCH , 
wastes associated with the exploration, development, or production of crude oil, natural gas, or geothermal energy under the Solid Waste Disposal Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
choices of American investors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 4217. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to determine eligibility for health insurance subsidies without regard to amounts included in income by reason of conversion to a Roth IRA; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
to the United States of refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of nondiscriminatory treatment (normal trade relations treatment) to the products of Kazakhstan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. L UMMIS , 
H.R. 4220. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 4221. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to restore National SMART Grants for a certain number of award years; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 4222. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to carry out a pilot program under which higher education savings accounts are established for the benefit of eligible secondary school students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and 
Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T AKANO , 
GARAMENDI , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. 
H.R. 4223. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to reinstate the authority of the Secretary of Education to make Federal Direct Stafford Loans to graduate and professional students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
building and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Olsin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 4225. A bill to amend title 28 of the 
United States Code to authorize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Ms. GRAHAM ): 
Act of 2014 to provide relief for agricultural producers adversely impacted by the Oriental fruit fly; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
provider protections and improve transparency in the Medicare Advantage market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4228. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to establish additional requirements for certain transportation projects with estimated costs of $2,500,000,000 or more, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
threat posed by dangerous synthetic drugs by amending the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4230. A bill to authorize the establishment of the Stonewall National Historic Site in the State of New York as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 4231. A bill to direct the Librarian of 
Congress to obtain a stained glass panel depicting the seal of the District of Columbia and install the panel among the stained glass panels depicting the seals of States which overlook the Main Reading Room of the Library of Congress Thomas Jefferson Building; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4232. A bill to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to provide for the consideration by State regulatory authorities and nonregulated electric utilities of whether subsidies should be provided for the deployment, construction, maintenance, or operation of a customerside technology; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. ISSA, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R OYCE , 
lighthouse reservation, provide management consistency by incorporating the rocks and small islands along the coast of Orange County, California, into the California Coastal National Monument managed by the Bureau of Land Management, and meet the original Congressional intent of preserving Orange County’s rocks and small islands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 4234. A bill to establish a demonstration program to facilitate physician reentry into clinical practice to provide primary health services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
MATSUI , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. E LLISON , 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to provide for greater spousal protection under defined contribution plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CROWLEY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Ms. M ENG, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
Mexico, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of 
H.R. 4236. A bill to promote savings by providing a tax credit for eligible taxpayers who contribute to savings products and to facilitate taxpayers receiving this credit and open a designated savings product when they file their Federal income tax returns; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. 
for support of transgender acceptance; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C OSTA , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
HONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
PETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L ORETTA  
Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V AN 
67th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the celebration of ‘‘Human Rights Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States and the Republic of Belarus should establish full diplomatic relations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4208. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water 
H.R. 4209. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 4210. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States 
H.R. 4211. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
H.R. 4212. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 4213. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 4214. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subsequent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 4215. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
H.R. 4216. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4217. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4218. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4219. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 4220. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article I of the 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
H.R. 4221. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 4222. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 4223. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 or Article 1 of the 
H.R. 4224. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution, which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 4225. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4226. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 4227. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 4228. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4229. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 4230. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clauses 1, 17, and 18. 
H.R. 4231. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 4232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 4233. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
United States Constitution, which gives Congress the ‘‘Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belongings to the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 4234. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4236. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, which states that that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises . . .’’ In addition, this legislation is introduced pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 563: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K NIGHT , and 
H.R. 721: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 731: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 769: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona and Mr. 
H.R. 1116: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. G ALLEGO and Ms. R OYBAL  
H.R. 1439: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. K EATING and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1654: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. J ENKINS  
H.R. 1769: Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. P OEof 
H.R. 1814: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. M URPHY of 
H.R. 2016: Ms. E DWARDS and Mrs. D AVIS of 
H.R. 2050: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. M EEKS  
H.R. 2058: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C ONYERS , and 
H.R. 2680: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
H.R. 2978: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
FUDGE , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. 
H.R. 3084: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 3179: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. R ODNEY  
H.R. 3229: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. H UIZENGA of 
H.R. 3303: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
H.R. 3722: Mr. S CHWEIKERT and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 3784: Mr. K ILDEE and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 3870: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. K NIGHT . 
DELAURO , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3913: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. P INGREE . 
VARGAS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
NADLER , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 3929: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 3964: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. H ONDA . 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. K ELLY  
H.R. 4042: Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas and 
H.R. 4087: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. H UNTER, and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 4124: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
H.R. 4140: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. W EBSTER of 
H.R. 4144: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
COOK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 4197: Mr. M ICA, Mr. M ARCHANT , and 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. C OURT NEY. 
H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. D OLD, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S TEWART, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ENACCI , 
Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H. Res. 14: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. A MASH , and 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 364: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 523: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H. Res. 528: Ms. L EE, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
H. Res. 541: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M EEKS , 
H. Res. 553: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. H ECKof 
H. Res. 554: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
H. Res. 559: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would clarify that a declaration of martial law, or a suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, does not immunize the President of the United States from any process of involuntary removal from the office of President that is contained within the Constitution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8563 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2015 No. 179 