mailman Doug Hughes flew a gyrocopter onto the Capitol lawn to make a point about the influence of money in politics. While I don’t condone violating restricted airspace and 
putting innocent people at risk by flying a gyrocopter onto the Capitol lawn, Mr. Hughes does have a point about the pervasive influence of money in politics. I have seen it get worse and worse during my 20 years in Congress. 
United States Supreme Court in 2010 created superPACs and multimillionaires who buy candidates. As of April 8, 2015, there were 1,360 superPACs in existence that controlled nearly $700 million in the 2014 election cycle, according to OpenSecrets.org. The American people have lost confidence in the House and in the Senate partially because superPACs influence candidates and politicians. 
come to the floor of the House that seem influenced by money. Just last week, the House voted on H.R. 650, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2015, which does nothing but line the pockets of Warren Buffett by enabling his nearmonopoly of the mobile home industry to strap poor people with higher interest rates while his companies are being protected from government regulations against predatory lending. 
money in politics that has led me to be a cosponsor of H.R. 20, the Government by the People Act, introduced by my colleague Congressman JOHN SARBANES . H.R. 20 would curb the influence 
of superPACs so that small donors can have a voice again. 
people a vote on this bill so we can inspire confidence in our democratic process. House leadership should bring this bill to the floor, but I know it won’t happen. There isn’t the stomach for reform bills in this Congress, even for bipartisan reform bills. Maybe it does take a statement like Mr. Hughes’ to bring this issue into the national debate and to make Congress address our outofcontrol fundraising. 
the House of Representatives to look seriously at the John Sarbanes bill, because the Government by the People Act will help to restore the confidence of the American people. We cannot stop what is already public law, and we cannot change Citizens United unless we go back through the legal process, but we can have an alternative. That is what the John Sarbanes bill does, so I hope Republicans and Democrats will look seriously at becoming cosponsors. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I was just thinking that one of the reasons I like spring so much and so well is that we get an opportunity to interact a bit more with 
young people, with our children, and I have seen many around here this morning all over the place, and I simply want to welcome them. 
to visit two schools. The first was the Proviso Area School for Exceptional Children in Maywood, Illinois, where we just had a wonderful time. Then, in the afternoon, I did a book fair at the Lovett Elementary School with its principal, Dr. Haney. The young people at Lovett were saying they just love being at Lovett, so it was a refreshing day. 
use a lot of interns and fellows who come and learn and work and who are engaged and involved. The statement that I am going to read today was developed by one of my interns, Jakie Martinez. Jakie has been working on health issues, and she came up with this statement. So I come here today to speak of a health concern that many women are likely to develop in their lifetimes. 
gynecological disorders, uterine fibroids affect nearly 70 percent of Caucasian women and more than 80 percent of African American women by the age of 50. For many of these women the associated symptoms of this diagnosis will significantly impact their quality of life, work, personal relationships, and daily activities. The prevalence of uterine fibroids is one that increases with age. Although we see a commonality in the disorder and its symptoms, the greater public has not yet received the proper continued education into the causes and treatment options available for women who suffer from these fibroids. 
hysterectomies are the most commonly performed major gynecologic surgery in the United States, with over 400,000 hysterectomies performed annually; yet there are also several minimally invasive surgical options for the treatment of uterine fibroids that feature less blood loss, shorter hospital stays, smaller incisions for minimal scarring, and less need for pain medication than with traditional open surgery. It is important to remember that the best surgical option for each woman, whether it is open or minimally invasive, is reserved for a casebycase evaluation. 
In recognizing the health and educational needs of women in the United States, it is important that the greater public be educated in greater detail on the alternatives to more or less invasive surgical treatments so that women can have access to a full spectrum of treatment options. After all, it is my hope that women will become more educated and empowered in regards to their reproductive health and in the understanding of safe options available for the treatment of symptomatic fibroids. 
this statement. It is very important. 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF FIRST 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) for 5 minutes. 
often that Members can take to the House floor to share good news, but, this morning, I have an opportunity to do just that. 
Today, I rise to honor the 150th anniversary of the First Baptist Church on East Winchester Street in my hometown of Gallatin. 
named Robert Belote, the First Baptist Church is a congregation steeped in history and poised to continue changing hearts and changing lives for many years to come. Its mission is to be a ‘‘church of welcome,’’ and over the years, they have certainly lived up to that goal. 
was known as Union Church because they welcomed exslaves from all denominations—Catholic, Baptist, Presbyterian. No matter your background or your upbringing, there was a place for all of God’s children within their pews. 
The church has been destroyed multiple times over the years, first by heavy winds and then by fire, but they always rebuilt and reemerged stronger than before. 
era following the Civil War, the economic uncertainty of the Great Depression, and the rise and the fall of the Jim Crow South. They are truly a statement to Christ’s promise in the Gospel of Matthew when He proclaimed, ‘‘Upon this rock I will build My church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.’’ 
climbed to approximately 1,000 people. I have had the opportunity to join my friends and neighbors at First Baptist Church for worship on many occasions. I have sat under the powerful teaching of their pastor and my dear friend, Reverend Derrick Jackson, and I can tell you that, 150 years later, God is still doing mighty work in the life of this special community of believers. 
Church has personally ministered to me and so many others in our community, and I wish them many years of continued growth and prosperity. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
please help us stop this madness. The same way President Reagan demanded Gorbachev to tear down the Berlin Wall, you have an opportunity to stop serial malpractice on the part of Congress refusing to meet its obligation to 
of the transportation program in recent years is as embarrassing as it is destructive. No country became great building its infrastructure 9 months at a time. 
With all the major agenda items on the table this spring for Congress, there is no way that we are going to be able to do anything but extend the May 31st transportation deadline, when the funding authorization expires. That is the most recent time when Congress kicked the can down the road, what it approved last fall all the way to this spring. I said at the time, When spring comes, we will be right back in the same situation. And we are. 
write off the entire year and beyond. It certainly does not mean that we need to throw this issue into the middle of the next Presidential campaign, which unfortunately has already started. You should give us a reasonable deadline: July 1st, August 1st, or even September 1st. Under no circumstances should you let this bleed into the next Federal fiscal year, starting October 1st. 
the last Congress to force responsible action in the lame duck session after the 2014 election. We were close, but it eluded us. Please don’t let that happen again. Make clear you will not sign any transportation extension beyond the end of the Federal fiscal year. 
Mr. President, you don’t have to dictate a solution. You have already indicated what you want in a robust 6year bill; you have given an outline of how you would have Congress fund this significant reauthorization. Your Secretary of Transportation, Anthony Foxx, has been traveling the country, advancing a vision for transportation for decades to come; and he is clear about the need for bold action to properly fund it. 
also made it clear that you are willing to sign any reasonable bipartisan legislation that meets the standards that we need. It needs to be sustainable; it needs to be dedicated; it needs to be big enough to get the job done. Let Congress put up or shut up. Force it to act by not extending the deadline past October 1st. 
seemed intractable here on Capitol Hill since 1998 on Medicare payments and the funding under the socalled ‘‘doc fix,’’ but yet enacted a permanent solution on a bipartisan basis, overwhelmingly approved in this House and in the Senate. It required leadership and for some people to relax somewhat their partisan talking points—if not their core principles—but we all got the job done under your leadership. 
funding. Let’s lay down an absolute deadline. Let’s refuse to let it slide 
past October 1, 2015. Let’s all work together, demanding Congress do its job. Several hundred Members of Congress signed a letter recently circulated by Congressman RIBBLE and Congressman 
saying that that is what should happen. Well, let’s actually do it. 
act. We can rebuild and renew America, putting hundreds of thousands of people to work at family wage jobs, making our communities more livable, our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure. It is not going to get easier if we stall. It is not going to be a smaller problem if it is going to be done next year or the year beyond. Let’s decide this summer we are going to get the job done. Mr. President, you can help us by demanding that it be done according to a strict timeline, no later than October 1st. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. 
4 years, House Republicans have worked hard to put this Nation on a better path forward. We have passed numerous pieces of legislation to encourage job growth and strengthen America’s standing in the global economy. We have also passed bills that would decrease energy costs and increase transparency in how tax dollars are spent. 
the obstacles we have faced, and the enormity of our task, House Republicans have managed a number of conservative victories. For example, legislation I authored was signed into law last summer to streamline the Federal workforce development system, including the elimination of 15 duplicative programs. 
We have worked tirelessly to minimize the damage caused by ObamaCare. The first pieces of legislation to pass in the 114th Congress included the Hire More Heroes Act, which would make it easier to hire veterans by exempting those who already have health insurance from being subject to the employer mandate in the President’s health care law, and the Save American Workers Act to change ObamaCare’s 30hour definition of full time employment and restore the traditional 40hour workweek, which has long been the standard for fulltime work. 
working group has laid out an alternative vision to ObamaCare. It includes allowing affected States to opt out of ObamaCare’s costly rules and regulations and to opt into a patientcentered system focused on choice and lower 
against any attempt that would impugn the Second Amendment rights of all Americans to own and bear firearms. Our Republican committee chairmen are using their gavels to exercise the constitutionally prescribed system of checks and balances to hold oversight hearings exposing the Obama administration for its unconstitutional overreach. 
has gripped this Nation is the result of the Federal Government spending beyond its means. In North Carolina I often hear from constituents who are worried that our ballooning national debt threatens economic stability and jeopardizes the American Dream for their families. 
those concerns by passing laws cutting Federal spending 2 years in a row for the first time since the Korean war. We banned earmarks and achieved the most significant spending reductions in modern history. We have protected tax cuts for individuals and families. 
budget ignores our crushing debt burden. Despite proposing $2.1 trillion in new tax increases, the President’s budget never balances because it spends too much. 
proposal that ignores our crushing debt burden, House Republicans recently approved a budget that balances in less than 10 years without raising taxes while cutting $5.5 trillion in unnecessary spending. This budget not only places our country on a path to pay off the overwhelming mound of debt we face but will also spur economic growth and increase opportunity. 
America also provides a framework for completely repealing ObamaCare and calls on Congress to pass comprehensive tax reform that lowers rates for individuals, families, and employers. 
House continued its record of tackling tough issues by passing bipartisan legislation to help stabilize Medicare and secure seniors’ access to their doctors. By transitioning to a new provider payment system focused on quality, value, and accountability, we have laid the groundwork for future Medicare reforms. 
It has been said that no one hears the 
plane that landed safely. What that very apt adage suggests is that we are often unaware of the good work being done every day, and it isn’t until something goes wrong that people take notice. 
to continue our good work and advance solutions that will build a healthy economy, empowering all Americans to seek new opportunities and achieve a better life. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. JOYCE ) at 2 p.m. 
giving us another day. Lead us this day in Your ways, that our Nation might be guided along the roads of peace, justice, and goodwill. 
Speaker, leaders, and Members of both the people’s House and the Senate, to our President and his Cabinet, and to our Supreme Court. 
leaders of our country, and may those who are the captains of business, industry, and unions learn to work together toward the mutual benefit of all, walking in the ways of righteousness and working for the highest good of our beloved land. 
may all that is done within the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jim Kruse and Melissa Kelley of J.F. Kruse Jewelers in St. Cloud, Minnesota. They have been named the Minnesota Small 
Business Person of the Year by the U.S. Small Business Administration. Last year, the St. Cloud Area Chamber honored them as the Small Business of the Year. 
ago. From humble beginnings, using secondhand jewelry cases, to a newly built facility and a team of 17 people, the fatherdaughter duo built a dynamic business that has seen steady growth year after year. 
Kruse are the backbone of central Minnesota, and I know I speak for everyone when I say congratulations and good luck in competing for the national title. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the contrast between Democratic and Republican priorities in Congress could not be more clear after the first 100 days here. 
would help American families buy a home or put away money to save for their kids’ college or save even for a secure retirement, we have seen again and again tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans. That is the priority that supersedes the needs of the American family. 
Instead of focusing on growing paychecks and improving our infrastructure, a vital need, one that should be a bipartisan effort, we just continue to vote for more tax giveaways to the wealthiest special interests. 
this Congress work on the priorities of hardworking, middle class Americans, priorities that are simple: Own a home, help your kids prepare for their future, have something set aside for retirement, take care of our crumbling infrastructure, reinvest in our future. 
I know we stand ready to work together on these big questions. It is time Congress set aside the needs of the few and focused on what we were sent here to do, and that is take care of the American family. 
today to applaud the House of Representatives for passing H.R. 1105, the Death Tax Repeal Act, last week, and to call for its swift consideration and passage in the Senate. 
families to pay as much as 40 percent of the value of an estate they inherit above a certain threshold, has damaged our economy, hurt small businesses, and forced many families out of a legacy they worked hard to build. 
those hit hardest by the death tax are our family farms; hardworking Americans who have paid taxes on their property all their lives, only to have it taxed again when they try to pass it on to the next generation. In some cases, children are often forced to sell the land, ending a family business, costing real jobs, and destroying a family legacy. Unfortunately, this is not a rare occurrence. 
applaud my colleagues in the House for passage of this legislation to repeal the death tax and urge quick consideration and approval in the Senate. 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
month when pools, beaches, streams, and lakes across the United States open up for the spring and summer months. 
feel compelled to ensure that everyone is safe in the water during the upcoming months. 
Res. 205 with another former college swimmer, Representative JIM 
Swimming Association and their president, Nadine Day, to declare April as National Learn to Swim Month. 
Last year, 3,335 Americans unintentionally drowned. The number of American adults and children that are unable to swim can be reduced, and we are in a position to speak out and prevent this. 
that we can solve together, and with the help of State governments we can highlight this so that we are able to make water activities safe for everyone. 
Please join me, Mr. Speaker, in declaring April as National Learn to Swim Month. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
been more than 5 years since the 2009 shooting in Fort Hood, Texas. The whole country was shocked by this senseless activity. Finally, earlier this month, the 47 soldiers and surviving family members of this tragic event did receive Purple Heart medals for their sacrifice, and they will be provided with every benefit that this commendation obliges. 
I went to Fort Hood. I met with the families of loved ones of this attack’s victims. I saw firsthand the devastation and the sacrifice. None of them— none of them—should have had to wait this long for the recognition. Although the delay can never be made right, I am relieved that these families and victims have finally received the recognition for their sacrifice. 
my State of Texas, Representative CARTER , and Representative R OGER  
but I also need to recognize the thousands of constituents—not just in Texas, but across the country—who phoned, emailed, and sent letters asking that this omission be made right. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the Oncology Nursing Society’s 40th anniversary, I want to congratulate ONS for their legacy of excellence in oncology nursing and quality cancer care. 
over 37,000 registered nurses and other healthcare providers dedicated to providing care to patients in one of the most difficult stages of their lives. 
Since 1975, the Oncology Nursing Society has worked tirelessly to lead the transformation of cancer care. ONS is the primary source of education for all nurses providing care to people with cancer, regardless of the setting. 
are 10 chapters of ONS, with more than 1,600 members. In addition, the ONS Chicago chapter is the oldest chapter in the country. 
Oncology nurses are there for patients through one of the most challenging times in their lives. They help patients and their loved ones by caring, teaching, listening, and simply being present. 
As Congress continues to work to increase access to quality care, I praise the commitment of ONS in fostering excellence in oncology nursing and the care of cancer patients. 
members of ONS on the occasion of its 40th anniversary and wish them many more years of dedicated service to the country. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. Speaker, the recent passing of Dr. Jun Chino has left many in his southern California community with heavy 
hearts, including my family and myself, who were blessed to have had a close personal relationship with him. 
farming family who were moved from an internment camp during World War II, losing their land in the process. 
Despite their difficult financial circumstances in the postwar years, Jun managed to obtain a premed degree at Stanford and go on to graduate from the university’s medical school. Following residency at Los Angeles County USC General Hospital, and having achieved board certification as an orthopedic surgeon, he practiced for 52 years in Orange County. 
countless medical organizations and was esteemed by his peers for his skills and for dedicating himself to staying on the cutting edge of developments in his field. Dr. Chino is survived by his wife, Kazuko, and his daughter, Lisa. 
than 40 days, the highway trust fund runs out of money, which means 90 percent of the surface transportation projects in this country will stop. 
To help Congress appreciate the magnitude of this looming crisis, I reached out to my constituents and asked them to give me their stories about our infrastructure. We received hundreds of responses. One of them was from Magnus in Hagerstown, Maryland, who talks about a major highway, Route I– 81, that runs through Hagerstown, which he describes as ‘‘Death Valley’’ because he feels like he reads a story in the local newspaper about someone dying there almost every other week. He also commented about how it hurts economic growth for the region, and the region has not been able to attract the businesses it needs to grow its economy. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve a bipartisan solution to fund the highway trust fund, and we should be working on it now. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true patriot and public servant, Major General R. Martin Umbarger. After serving over four decades in the Indiana National Guard, including the past 10 as our adjutant general, I extend congratulations to him on the occasion of his retirement. As commander of the fourth largest 
National Guard contingent in the United States, Major General Umbarger impacted the lives of countless Hoosiers and Americans. When communities in southern Indiana were torn apart by tornadoes, it was General Umbarger and the National Guard who came to their rescue. When the global war on terrorism began, it was General Umbarger and our 21,000 National Guardsmen who supported our most critical military operations. 
General Umbarger is truly an extraordinary leader who has displayed a steadfast commitment to protecting Americans’ freedoms at home and abroad. He also started the Hoosier Youth Challenge Academy in Knightsville, which works to give so many kids a brighter future. 
every sense of the word. It is with pride that I recognize his tremendous legacy, and I wish him and his wife, Rowanna, the very best as they celebrate a well deserved retirement. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate agreed to without amendment H. Con. Res. 34. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. BLACK ) at 3 o’clock and 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms. Wanda Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 535) to promote energy efficiency. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides energy savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides water savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy and after providing the public with an opportunity for notice and comment, shall develop model commercial leasing provisions and best practices in accordance with this subsection. 
leasing provisions developed under this subsection shall, at a minimum, align the interests of building owners and tenants with regard to investments in costeffective energy efficiency measures and costeffective water efficiency measures to encourage building owners and tenants to collaborate to invest in such measures. 
periodically publish the model commercial leasing provisions developed under this subsection, along with explanatory materials, to encourage building owners and tenants in the private sector to use such provisions and materials. 
shall develop policies and practices to implement costeffective energy efficiency measures and costeffective water efficiency measures for the realty services provided by the Administrator to Federal agencies (or other clients of the Administrator), including periodic training of appropriate Federal employees and contractors on how to identify and evaluate those measures. 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
MEASURE .—The term ‘highperformance energy efficiency measure’ means a technology, product, or practice that will result in substantial operational cost savings by reducing energy consumption and utility costs. 
spaces’ means areas within a commercial building that are leased or otherwise occupied by a tenant or other occupant for a period of time pursuant to the terms of a written agreement. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, shall complete a study on the feasibility of— 
measures that should be considered as part of the initial design and construction of separate spaces; 
‘‘(ii) processes that owners, tenants, architects, and engineers may replicate when designing and constructing separate spaces with highperformance energy efficiency measures; 
reductions in energy intensities for lighting, plug loads, heating, cooling, cooking, laundry, and other systems to satisfy the needs of the commercial building tenant; 
analyses of the incremental cost and projected energy savings of the proposed set of highperformance energy efficiency measures, including consideration of available incentives; 
predict the quantity of energy used by separate spaces with highperformance energy efficiency measures and that compare that predicted quantity to the quantity of energy used by separate spaces without highperformance energy efficiency measures but that otherwise comply with applicable building code requirements; 
‘‘(vi) measurement and verification platforms demonstrating actual energy use of highperformance energy efficiency measures installed in separate spaces, and whether such measures generate the savings intended in the initial design and construction of the separate spaces; 
‘‘(vii) best practices that encourage an integrated approach to designing and constructing separate spaces to perform at optimum energy efficiency in conjunction with the central systems of a commercial building; and 
‘‘(viii) any impact on employment resulting from the design and construction of separate spaces with highperformance energy efficiency measures; and 
energy savings returns in the design and construction of separate spaces with highperformance energy efficiency measures. 
90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register requesting public comments regarding effective methods, measures, and practices for the design and construction of separate spaces with highperformance energy efficiency measures. 
publish the study on the website of the Department of Energy.’’. 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) (as amended by section 103) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
MEASURE .—The term ‘highperformance energy efficiency measure’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
spaces’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
shall develop a voluntary program within the Energy Star program established by section 324A of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a), which may be known as ‘Tenant Star’, to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by tenants or otherwise occupied within commercial buildings. 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey of the Energy Information Administration that is conducted after the date of enactment of this section, data on— 
are known to consume significant quantities of energy, such as occupancy by data centers, trading floors, and restaurants; and 
operation, or building occupancy determined by the Administrator of the Energy Information Administration, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to be relevant in lowering energy consumption; 
Star rating system for commercial buildings, develop policies and procedures to recognize tenants in commercial buildings that voluntarily achieve high levels of energy efficiency in separate spaces; 
for commercial building tenants or other occupants that lower energy consumption in separate spaces. 
Part B of title III of the Energy Policy and 
term ‘gridenabled water heater’ means an electric resistance water heater that— 
‘‘(III) has— ‘‘(aa) an energy factor of not less than 1.061 
‘‘(IV) is equipped at the point of manufacture with an activation lock; and 
‘‘(aa) is made of material not adversely affected by water; 
the intended and appropriate use of the product with the following notice printed in 16.5 point Arial Narrow Bold font: 
heater is intended only for use as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program. It will not provide adequate hot water unless enrolled in such a program and activated by your utility company or another program operator. Confirm the availability of a program in your local area before purchasing or installing this product.’. 
private labeler shall provide the activation key for a gridenabled water heater only to a utility or other company that operates an electric thermal storage or demand response program that uses such a gridenabled water heater. 
require each manufacturer of gridenabled water heaters to report to the Secretary annually the quantity of gridenabled water heaters that the manufacturer ships each year. 
‘‘(ii) OPERATORS .—The Secretary shall require utilities and other demand response and thermal storage program operators to report annually the quantity of gridenabled water heaters activated for their programs using forms of the Energy Information Agency or using such other mechanism that the Secretary determines appropriate after an opportunity for notice and comment. 
the Secretary determines that sales of grid enabled water heaters exceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products activated for use in demand response and thermal storage programs annually, the Secretary shall, after opportunity for notice and comment, establish procedures to prevent product diversion for nonprogram purposes. 
‘‘(II) sales of gridenabled water heaters exceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products activated for use in demand response and thermal storage programs annually and procedures to prevent product diversion for nonprogram purposes would not be adequate to prevent such product diversion. 
section with respect to electric water heaters, the Secretary shall consider the impact on thermal storage and demand response programs, including any impact on energy savings, electric bills, peak load reduction, electric reliability, integration of renewable resources, and the environment. 
paragraph, the Secretary shall require that gridenabled water heaters be equipped with communication capability to enable the gridenabled water heaters to participate in ancillary services programs if the Secretary determines that the technology is available, practical, and costeffective.’’; 
the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; 
so redesignated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
gridenabled water heater with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program; 
gridenabled water heater with knowledge that such activation key will be used to activate a gridenabled water heater that is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program; 
water heater to operate at its designed specification and capabilities with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program; or 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: 
efficiency and conservation improvements that would be cost effective over the life of the lease, including improvements in lighting, windows, and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems. 
benchmarked under a nationally recognized, online, free benchmarking program, with public disclosure, unless the space is a space for which owners cannot access whole building utility consumption data, including spaces— 
laws that provide that utilities shall not provide such aggregated information to multitenant building owners; and 
‘‘(II) for which tenants do not provide energy consumption information to the commercial building owner in response to a request from the building owner. 
‘‘(ii) A Federal agency that is a tenant of 
the space shall provide to the building owner, or authorize the owner to obtain from the utility, the energy consumption information of the space for the benchmarking and disclosure required by this subparagraph.’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall complete a study— 
benchmarking and disclosure policies, and any associated building efficiency policies, for commercial and multifamily buildings; and 
(ii) programs and systems in which utilities provide aggregated information regarding whole building energy consumption and usage information to owners of multitenant commercial, residential, and mixeduse buildings; 
costs of the policies and programs on building owners, utilities, tenants, and other parties; 
(ii) utility practices, programs, and systems that provide aggregated energy consumption information to multitenant building owners, and the impact of public utility commissions and State privacy laws on those practices, programs, and systems; (iii) exceptions to compliance in existing 
laws where building owners are not able to gather or access whole building energy information from tenants or utilities; 
intensities, such as data centers, trading floors, and televisions studios; 
benchmarking tools offered by government agencies, and the resiliency of those tools against cyber attacks; and 
to building benchmarking and disclosure laws and data aggregation for multitenant buildings. 
after the date of enactment of this Act and following opportunity for public notice and comment, the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with other relevant agencies, shall maintain, and if necessary create, a database for the purpose of storing and making available public energyrelated information on commercial and multifamily buildings, including— 
local, and other laws or programs regarding building benchmarking and energy information disclosure; 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the progress made in complying with this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ) and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W ELCH ) 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Madam Speaker, I 
Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015, a bill to address energy efficiency in Federal buildings, energy conservation through the continued use of grid enabled water heaters, and energy information for federally leased commercial buildings. 
with us on this important legislation. Both sides of the aisle came together in this legislation, and I want to thank all of them and their staffs for the work that they have done. 
bill would establish a Tenant Star program—a voluntary certification and recognition program—within ENERGY STAR to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces. This program allows for a voluntary, marketdriven approach to aligning the interests of commercial building owners and their tenants to reduce energy consumption. The DOE would also be required to complete a study on feasible approaches to improving the energy efficiency of tenantoccupied spaces in commercial buildings. 
hot water heaters. There are approximately 250 electric cooperatives in 34 States that utilize large electric resistance water heaters in demand response programs to help with reliability and consumer costs during peak periods of energy use. 
In March 2010, the Department of Energy issued new energy efficiency standards for large electric resistance water heaters that would, in effect, prohibit the manufacture of these water heaters that are 55 gallons or larger in favor of heat pump technology for water heaters of 55 gallons or larger. These standards took effect last week. 
from whom I frequently hear are totally frustrated by the micromanagement of the government in almost every aspect of their lives, and this regulation about water heaters is just one example. 
regulation, the manufacturers testified that this regulation would basically double the cost of these water heaters. We have a situation in which many heat pump water heaters are not compatible with certain utility thermal energy storage and demand response programs that allow utilities to reduce or to shift their loads during certain periods of energy use. Title II would allow for the continued manufacture of large electric resistant water heaters above certain gallons specifically for use in these energy savings programs. 
is trying to micromanage this small part of the energy sector in the United States. 
of this bill requires that federally leased buildings without ENERGY STAR labels benchmark and disclose their energy usage data where practicable. Federally owned buildings are already subject to benchmarking requirements pursuant to section 432 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. Title III simply requires the DOE to complete a study of best practices regarding State and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies for commercial and multi family buildings in addition to the impact of utility policies for providing aggregated information to owners of multitenant buildings to assist with benchmarking programs. 
This is a commonsense piece of legislation. It has passed the House and the Senate. The Senate bill was a little bit different than ours, so we are taking up their bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Madam Speaker, I yield 
and in our country as we send to the President’s desk bipartisan legislation that will: one, lower energy bills for families and businesses; two, create good jobs in manufacturing American made energy efficiency products; and, three, improve our environment by reducing carbon emissions. I am hopeful that the common ground we have found in this bill sets the stage for further cooperation by both parties and by both Chambers in addressing many of the challenges facing our country. 
Thank you, especially, Representative MCKINLEY , for partnering with me 
this term and last on this issue. Your background as an engineer and as a small business owner has provided muchneeded expertise to our committee, and I am grateful to you for your partnership and leadership on this issue. 
The bill before us today, as Mr. WHITFIELD said, advanced by Senators S HAHEEN and P ORTMAN in the Senate, also 
includes some very good ideas from many Members of this House, those from Representatives CRAMER , DOYLE , 
LATTA , L OEBSACK , C ASTOR , and 
that energy efficiency is an issue that lends itself to looking past partisan differences to find common ground in our Congress. We may disagree on the causes of climate change and of the best fuel mix to meet America’s energy 
needs, but we can all agree that using less of whatever energy source is more. We can all agree that creating demand for Americanmade, energyefficient products will create good jobs, and we can all agree that cutting the energy bills of homeowners, businesses, and the Federal Government is a very good thing. 
time in energy efficiency. We were the first in the Nation to establish an ‘‘energy efficiency utility’’ to provide assistance to homeowners and businesses that were seeking to lower their energy bills. In 2013 alone, the work of Efficiency Vermont yielded a lifetime customer savings of $206 million for Vermonters. That is real money. 
The bill before us today takes an important step towards making America more energy efficient. It includes the Better Buildings Act, also known as Tenant Star, which will drive private sector innovation in the energy efficiency sector. Homes and buildings consume 40 percent of our energy in the United States. That is 40 percent. In commercial buildings, owners report that tenants consume up to 50 percent or more of the total building energy. 
One of the challenges facing commercial buildings has been the issue of ‘‘split incentives.’’ Building owners and tenants are not always on the same page when it comes to energy performance. Part of the problem is that only one party is paying the energy bill. The other part of the problem is that, while we recognize energyefficient buildings through our ENERGY STAR program, we have no similar recognition program for tenant spaces. Our bill creates a voluntary Tenant Star recognition program for separate spaces in commercial buildings. 
buildings with Tenant Star rentals, we can optimize energy efficiency and shorten payback periods. A good example of this synergy can be found in the ENERGY STARcertified Vermont Innovation Center, located in Burlington, Vermont. The Vermont Energy Investment Corporation is located in this building as well as my own district office. 
optimize the efficiency of its tenant space in the building. It converted the overhead fluorescent lighting to highly efficient LEDs and applied 6 inches of spray foam insulation to the exterior walls. Making these improvements in an ENERGY STAR building optimized an already efficient tenant space. The VEIC expects to save nearly $11,000 a year in energy savings. However, there is no recognition program for these improvements, and we don’t know what else VEIC could be doing to increase energy savings. 
ways to optimize commercial tenant spaces and to recognize such spaces with a new Tenant Star label. By combining energyefficient tenant build outs with ENERGY STAR buildings, we 
will double down on a successful program and optimize energy savings in commercial buildings, all through voluntary action. 
In addition to Tenant Star, this legislation includes two other important efficiency provisions. 
changes to energy efficiency standards for large water heaters used in demand response programs. These water heaters act as residential energy storage devices and allow utilities to curb energy demand during peak hours. 
Second, the bill will require the disclosure of the amount of energy consumed in federally leased buildings and begin benchmarking their energy use. 
to working with my colleagues to pass additional bipartisan energy efficiency bills, including a more expansive version of the McKinleyWelchShaheenPortman legislation before us today. We should also pass legislation to encourage performance contracting in Federal buildings and streamline the Federal green schools efforts. 
not a partisan issue. I am encouraged by the steps we are taking today and look forward to working with my colleagues on additional initiatives that cut energy bills, create jobs, and improve the environment. I urge Members to vote for this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Madam Speaker, I 
may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH). 
S. 535, the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015, and I want to join with my colleague, Mr. WELCH , in congratulating all in the leadership: Mr. WHITFIELD , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. P ALLONE , 
most importantly, a bipartisan piece of legislation that combines three separate energy efficiency titles. This bill was passed by unanimous consent out of the Senate just this last month. 
The bill before us today is also similar to H.R. 2126, which passed out of this House in the last session of Congress on an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 375–36. 
Speaker, is the Better Buildings Act, which was introduced into the Congress by my friends and colleagues, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) and the gentleman from 
Services Administration to develop model leasing provisions and best practices to encourage commercial building 
costeffective energy efficiency measures. These model leasing provisions may then be used in Federal leases and, along with the best practices, Madam Speaker, shall be made available to all State and local governments. 
Department of Energy to conduct a study on the feasibility of significantly improving energy efficiency in commercial buildings through the design and construction of separate tenant spaces with highperformance energy efficiency measures. 
Section 104 directs the EPA to develop a ‘‘Tenant Star’’ program within the ENERGY STAR program to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by tenants in commercial buildings. This data can then be used to establish an ENERGY STAR rating system to recognize tenants in commercial buildings that voluntarily achieve high levels of energy efficiency in separate spaces. 
the GridEnabled Water Heaters bill, was introduced by my colleague and my good friend, Chairman WHITFIELD , 
along with Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. D OYLE . 
This section establishes a separate energy efficiency standard for gridenabled water heaters, which are used in utility demand and thermal storage programs. 
this bill, the Energy Information for Commercial Buildings bill, which was introduced into Congress by my friend and colleague, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, 
requires Federally leased buildings without ENERGY STAR labels to benchmark and disclose their energy usage data in most cases. 
Energy to complete a study of best practices for and impacts of, one, State and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies for commercial and multifamily buildings; and, two, utility policies for providing aggregated information to owners of multitenant buildings to assist with benchmarking programs. In addition, Madam Speaker, the DOE is required to maintain a database to store and make available public energyrelated information on commercial and multifamily buildings. 
we have not been able to pass bipartisan energy legislation through both Chambers and into law, so it is important that we move this bill to the President’s desk so that we can demonstrate once again to the American people that this Congress is still capable of functioning properly and legislating on their behalf. 
Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote for this bill. 
don’t believe we have any additional speakers on our side, and I would like the opportunity to close, so I will reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time, and thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) not just for his remarks on this 
bill, but for his leadership on this issue and other issues in the committee over the years. 
It is a good day when we can come 
together to do something constructive. This legislation finds that spot, energy efficiency, where we can join in embracing the enormous benefit of creating ways where homeowners and business owners of commercial buildings can figure out how to cut down on their bills. Whatever fuel source they use, if they have got a lower bill, that is a good thing. 
Americans to work, a lot of tradespeople who have got real skills and need a place to use them. They are the ones who retrofit these buildings, commercial buildings and homes. There is an incidental benefit: We reduce carbon emissions since we are using less fuel. This is tremendous. 
Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U PTON ) for 
speakers here, I yield back the balance of my time. 
want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle once again, specifically Senators SHAHEEN and P ORTMAN , 
Mr. U PTON and Mr. P ALLONE , and certainly Mr. R USHof Illinois. All of them 
worked very diligently on this, and I know they are committed to efficiency. 
I want to just say one more time that 
I am specifically pleased that this legislation will stop the Department of Energy’s regulation that would prohibit the manufacture of heatresistant water heaters above 55 gallons. If that regulation had been allowed to continue, it would have cost the American public a lot more money going to the heat pump technology. So this legislation has stopped that. It is going to improve efficiency. I would urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
support of S. 535, the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015. This is bipartisan legislation to promote energy efficiency that recently passed the Senate by unanimous consent. 
and S HAHEEN —is very similar to legislation reported last Congress by the Energy and Commerce Committee which passed the House with an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote. The bill addresses three main areas: energy efficient buildings, the gridenabled water heaters, and energy benchmarking and information disclosure for federal buildings. 
Title one is comprised of the Better Buildings Act, bipartisan legislation sponsored in the House by Reps. MCKINLEY and W ELCH . 
Section 102 of the bill directs the General Services Administration to develop model leasing provisions and best practices to encourage commercial building owners and tenants to invest in costeffective energy efficiency measures. It also ensures the model leasing provisions are available for use in federal leases and, along with the best practices, are available for state and local governments to also use. Additionally, Section 103 directs the Department of Energy (DOE) to study improving energy efficiency in commercial buildings through design and construction of separate tenant spaces with highperformance energy efficiency measures. And, Section 104 directs EPA to develop a voluntary ‘‘Tenant Star’’ program within the Energy Star program to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by tenants in commercial buildings and requires the Agency to establish an Energy Star rating system to recognize tenants in commercial buildings that voluntarily achieve high levels of energy efficiency in separate spaces. 
Title two establishes a separate energy efficiency standard for gridenabled water heaters, which are used in utility demandresponse and thermal storage programs. This is substantially the same language included in H.R. 
906, legislation sponsored by Chairman WHITFIELD , Mr. L OEBSACK and others that was reported without dissent last week by our committee. In addition to establishing a separate standard for these water heaters, the provision requires those units to have a builtin activation lock to ensure their participation in such a program. 
H.R. 1867, legislation sponsored by Reps. CASTOR and K INZINGER regarding energy information for commercial buildings. Section 301 requires federallyleased buildings without Energy Star labels to benchmark and disclose their energy usage data except in certain circumstances. It also requires DOE to complete a study of best practices regarding the impacts of state and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies for commercial and multifamily buildings, as well as utility policies for providing aggregated information to owners of multitenant buildings to assist with benchmarking programs. In addition, it requires DOE to maintain a database to store and make available public energyrelated information on commercial and multifamily buildings. 
S. 535 is a stripped down version of the 
ShaheenPortman efficiency legislation that has taken far too long to pass either chamber. However, I am disappointed that—unlike the original ShaheenPortman bill—the proposal before us does not contain provisions authored by Rep. ESHOO that would address the 
efficiency of federal data centers. This is an area where we can easily see a great gain in efficiency relatively quickly and easily and her proposal has good bipartisan support. So, I have to note with concern the fact that something as useful and bipartisan as that federal data center efficiency language could not make it into the final package, despite being something that enjoys support on both sides. 
I hope that is an anomaly and not a harbinger of things to come, because we need to look at both sides of the equation—demand and supply, consumers and producers—to construct an energy policy for the future, one that is both economically and environmentally sustainable. And we need the resources of both sides of the aisle, both chambers of Congress and all branches of government to get there. 
the first installment of its Quadrennial Energy Review (QER) after a yearlong, detailed examination of our energy needs. The QER is not exactly glamorous, but it is a serious, thoughtful and necessary look at how best to modernize America’s energy infrastructure to create jobs and grow our economy in a manner that ensures our energy security and protects our environment. While I look forward to reviewing the complete report, I know that the progress updates we have received throughout the year have elicited positive and hopeful reactions from both sides of the aisle. 
Administration is releasing this now while our Committee and our counterparts in the other body are considering the components of a possible bipartisan energy bill. We must meet consumers’ need for reliable, affordable and, just as importantly, clean energy—one of the nation’s most pressing issues. The QER looks to the future of our economy to take full advantage of American innovation and the new sources of domestic energy supply that are transforming the nation’s energy marketplace. Just like efficiency, energy infrastructure—particularly with regard to size, scope, volume and siting—is critical to that endeavor. So, too, is the makeup—not just the volume—of the jobs that are created in modernizing that infrastructure; they must be jobs that are long term, wellpaying, and a gateway to the American dream for a diverse range of women and men. 
Ranking Member R USH and I continue to explore the potential for developing and moving a bipartisan energy bill during this Congress, I hope we will take advantage of the QER, as well as the best consensus ideas on both sides of the aisle here in Congress. That, to me, is the only successful path forward and it is the process embodied in the legislation before us today. 
legislation before us and continuing the effort to build a broad, bipartisan partnership on energy issues. Only through this kind of cooperation can we enact energy legislation that truly powers our economy and our future. 
support the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act, which will create a special category for large volume water heaters in the Department of Energy’s new energy efficiency standards. Without this bill, manufacturers would no longer be able to make large volume water heaters, which are commonly used in Minnesota homes. 
DOE failed to recognize the many benefits that largevolume water heaters provide, like bringing more renewable energy onto the grid, and allowing power plants to run more efficiently. The Department then made a problematic rule even worse by pulling a waiver for this technology three weeks before the rule went final this month. 
ended, but a diverse coalition of stakeholders had been working together to ensure that this technology can continue to be used. 
way not only saves consumers money, but it is also good for the environment and helps to stabilize the grid. 
That is why industry, environmental and energy efficiency stakeholders support these hot water heaters when used as part of demand 
response systems. I hope that with the passage of this bill, the Department can get quickly reverse course, and move forward. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 471) to improve enforcement efforts related to prescription drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015’’. 
SAFETY .—Section 303 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
may be relevant to and consistent with the public health and safety’ means factors that are relevant to and consistent with the findings contained in section 101.’’. 
present or foreseeable risk of adverse health consequences or death due to the abuse or misuse of the controlled substances; or 
the denial, revocation, or suspension, including specific citations to any laws or regulations alleged to be violated by the applicant or registrant; 
appear before the Attorney General at a time and place stated in the order, but not less than 30 days after the date of receipt of the order; and 
the opportunity to submit a corrective action plan on or before the date of appearance. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in coordination with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate identifying— 
State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies and the pharmaceutical industry can benefit patients and prevent diversion and abuse of controlled substances. 
that provide pharmacy benefit management services on behalf of a health insurance provider. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Tennessee? 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015. This critical legislation combats inappropriate use of prescription drugs by bringing greater clarity and transparency to the requirements for safe and secure distribution of these medicines. 
It accomplishes these goals by clarifying some key terminology in the Controlled Substances Act. This comprehensive approach to the legislation will result in better protections against diversion and abuse of controlled substances. 
with the clarity to collaborate with the very people responsible for ensuring that these medications get to the patients who need them without hurting and harming that distribution chain and while clamping down on diversions and abuse. These collaborations will lead to improved policies to prevent diversion while allowing legitimate patients to have access to the medications they need. 
pieces and bills and parts of legislation, the best example of why this is needed is a story that comes from home. In the case of this bill, we had a constituent who called our office after one of the recent ice storms that we saw in middle Tennessee this winter. It seemed as if these storms would never stop. The ice would come, and then it would not melt. 
who has a severe seizure disorder, and he takes three different medicines to control these seizures. Although his medicines are not opioids, two of them are controlled substances. So this mother, taking care of her son, decided she better get herself to the drugstore before the storm hit, and she did just that, to refill his prescriptions. She was anticipating that the prescriptions would run out before the ice melted and she would be able to get to the store. 
she could not refill them because it was too early. She explained the situation. The pharmacist sympathized, but the pharmacist went on to say if the prescription were to be filled early, there would be problems with the DEA and 
that patients who have a legitimate need for medications can receive them while we are battling diversion and abuse, which truly is a problem in this country. 
respect to H.R. 471, the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 471 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 471 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 471, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 471. 
your letter regarding H.R. 471, the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015’’. As you noted, there are provisions of the bill that fall within the Committee on the Judiciary’s Rule X jurisdiction. 
I appreciate your willingness to forgo consideration of H.R. 471, and I agree that your decision is not a waiver of any of the Committee on the Judiciary’s jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. In addition, I understand the Committee reserves the right to seek the appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, for which you will have my support. I will include a copy of your letter and this 
response in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 471 on the House floor. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
up again bipartisan action today to address the serious issue that impacts families in each of our districts: prescription drug abuse. 
States around the country, is grappling with a serious opiate epidemic. In addition to alarming increases in heroin abuse, admissions for treatment of prescription drug abuse increased 361 percent between 2005 and 2013. 
we are most effective in dealing with this public health crisis when stakeholders—providers, public health officials, law enforcement, distributors, and pharmacists—come together to tackle the problem headon. 
Today, the distributors of prescription drugs, along with local pharmacies, are experiencing unpredictable enforcement from the DEA. This has led to disruptions in the supply chain which limit patient access to prescription drugs for legitimate uses, as was evidenced by my colleague’s story. 
The Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act will encourage collaboration between law enforcement, members of the supply chain, and public health providers and officials while ensuring patients have access to the treatment their doctor has prescribed. 
who has been a major leader on this, and I thank them for their efforts and their leadership. I also thank Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE  
for making this issue a priority of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
471, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
think it is so important for us to note that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ) has been the primary author of this legislation and has brought to the table to work on this bill his experience of 7 years as a U.S. attorney— 10 years prior to that as a district attorney—and has seen firsthand and dealt with drug diversion, drug enforcement issues, and the needs of the patient. 
At this time, I yield 5 minutes to the 
2013, a pharmacist told me about a problem he was having accessing necessary prescriptions for his customers, many of whom were older cancer patients suffering with chronic pain. 
What started out as a simple conversation with a constituent soon 
problems in the prescription drug supply chain—problems that we aim to address here today by passing H.R. 471, the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act. 
distributing or dispensing prescriptions welcomes appropriate oversight and regulation. Further, we know these businesses value a collaborative working relationship with agencies like the Drug Enforcement Administration. 
pharmacies alike are on the front lines every day in the fight to end the prescription drug abuse epidemic. They are making efforts to educate prescribers and patients about the safe use and disposal of prescriptions and working to implement prescription drug monitoring programs that will reduce the illegal diversion of powerful opioid pain relievers. 
being part of the solution, distributors and pharmacists are finding that the unnecessary adversarial regulatory environment created by the DEA is putting effective enforcement outcomes in jeopardy. 
United States attorney, I have fond memories of working with DEA agents to put away drug dealers. To say that I have the highest regard for the DEA and the work they do does not begin to convey my respect for the agency and its employees. That is why I am so passionate about this subject and why I think it is necessary to pass H.R. 471 today. 
This bill will bring muchneeded clarity to critical provisions of the Controlled Substances Act. In doing so, we will ensure that the DEA’s authorities are not abused and threatened by future legal challenges; foster greater collaboration, communication, and transparency between the DEA and the supply chain; create more opportunities to identify bad actors at the end of the supply chain; and, most importantly, be certain that prescriptions are accessible to patients in need. 
We are all in this together. We cannot enforce our way out of this epidemic. Education, treatment, and enforcement are all critical to addressing the problem, but so is collaboration. 
ensure that the current regulatory culture evolves into one that rewards cooperation and brings more successful diversion control efforts in the future. 
I want to thank my friend, Congresswoman BLACKBURN , for working closely 
with my team and me to develop the bill. I want to thank our champions on the other side of the aisle, Dr. JUDY 
for their leadership and efforts to bring us here today. 
the Energy and Commerce Committee. I must thank House Judiciary Committee Chairman GOODLATTE for his 
forthright suggestions that made this a more effective, efficient measure worthy of consideration by this House. 
this is bipartisan. The Democrats and the Republicans saw the importance in this and got together, and we worked it out, and I thank everyone involved. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU), one of the lead sponsors of 
Speaker, prescription drugs improve the quality of life for millions of Americans. They treat illnesses, alleviate pain, and help cure disease. But the ease of abuse has turned a solution into a problem. 
deaths are attributed to prescription pain relievers—more than heroin and cocaine combined. Our government and private entities in the prescription drug supply chain must do what they can to prevent drug abuse and diversion. 
that pharmacists, who are our Nation’s most accessible healthcare providers, are able to dispense drugs to patients who are in legitimate need and have proper prescriptions without groundless disruptions. 
that I am proud to have introduced with my colleagues would do just that. Our bill encourages collaboration between stakeholders and the Drug Enforcement Administration to ensure effective enforcement of abuse while also ensuring that patients will continue to have safe access to the drugs they need. This will lead to fewer disruptions for pharmacists and, in turn, ensure that patients will not be left behind. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this very important bill. 
this time I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ), one 
of our colleagues from the Appropriations Committee handling Commerce, Justice, Science appropriations. 
support of this commonsense measure that will help us more effectively fight prescription drug abuse while also ensuring that Americans are able to get their needed pain medications. 
the debate concerning combating prescription drug abuse while ensuring legitimate patient access to critical pain medications. 
be affected by the proliferation of ‘‘pill mills’’ and took strong action to shut them down, under the stellar leadership of our State attorney general. 
We have seen similar challenges nationally, and DEA has taken action. Unfortunately, Federal agencies have not coordinated their efforts to ensure 
In Florida and elsewhere, we are seeing legitimate patients who are getting caught up in the efforts to stop prescription drug abuse. 
My own father was one of those patients: an 80yearold retired minister prescribed a legitimate medication for chronic pain and yet unable to fill that prescription at his local pharmacy. All of the best intentions in the world by all of the actors but, unfortunately, there were very unintended consequences for a patient who needed care. 
The issue is largely due to DEA policies and extremely poor coordination between DEA and FDA. 
The key to this legislation is collaboration and coordination. This bill requires HHS and DEA to collaboratively assess the obstacles patients like my own father face and more effectively coordinate those efforts to prevent diversion and abuse of prescription drugs, while including the input of private sector stakeholders who are vital to these efforts. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank my colleagues, particularly Mr. MARINO . We have the 
practical application of a commonsense approach here, where, on the one hand, you have got this enormous health need that the people whom we represent can have some of their suffering alleviated if they can get access to the appropriate prescription drugs. On the other hand, we do have an abuse. Folks get stuck on them, and we have got law enforcement out there trying to make sure they are enforcing the laws. 
need for proper access to prescription medication have to coexist. This practical presentation that was spearheaded by somebody who knows how law enforcement works and is committed to the principles of good law enforcement, I think, really gave this Congress a boost in coming up with a practical, bipartisan approach to finding the right balance. 
BLACKBURN , as well as Mr. J OLLY , for 
what I thought was a very helpful statement, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
this time I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee who has worked through this issue with some veterans. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 471. 
newspapers about the fight against prescription drug abuse by our local law enforcement officials and the damaging effect that prescription drug abuse has 
amount of prescription painkillers prescribed and sold in the United States has quadrupled. There is, indeed, a trend in the abuse of prescription painkillers, which is, in part, attributed to the changes in how providers prescribe painkillers. 
The best way to crack down on prescription drug abuse is to have a broad coalition of specialists, including supply chain stakeholders and regulators, to encourage a constructive dialogue to help minimize the impact of this serious public health issue. This legislation does just that. 
to consult with our local pharmacies and stakeholders on how best to prevent prescription drug abuse, while not taking away the access for individuals who rely on these drugs for medicinal needs. 
I commend the efforts of Congressman MARINO and Congresswoman 
BLACKBURN to create a more constructive environment between manufacturers, wholesalers, retail pharmacies, and enforcement agencies to crack down on this epidemic. 
heard today, this is a bipartisan effort, and Mr. MARINO has really worked diligently with his team and with all of us on this legislation to make certain that we got it right the first time and we didn’t have to come back and revisit it. 
Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J UDYCHU) 
for the efforts that they have put into this, and also Chairman PITTS and 
they have shown to the issue to make certain that we moved the bill through the process. 
to the supply chain and making certain that those with legitimate needs for these medicines have the ability to access them in a timely manner, also bringing our pharmacists and the DEA into a collaborative process, with clarity, so that they make certain that this supply chain remains open to those that need it and that the DEA has the ability to continue to fight diversion and drug abuse. 
than heroin. This is something we need to realize is a problem. At the same time, those that need these medicines, we need to make certain that supply chain is clear. 
I thank my colleagues for their diligence and their work, and I encourage an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 471, the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015. 
drugs to treat and cure illnesses and improve the overall quality of their lives. Unfortunately, we also have a significant problem in this country with abuse of prescription drugs. 
H.R. 471 would help drug distributors, pharmacies, and others work with DEA to achieve the difficult balance between keeping controlled substance prescription drugs away from drug abusers, but not from patients who urgently need them. 
changes to the Controlled Substances Act. It would provide definitions for the phrases ‘‘factors as may be relevant to and consistent with the public health and safety’’ and ‘‘imminent danger to the public health or safety.’’ It would require DEA to provide registrants an opportunity to submit an action plan to correct any violations for which DEA is considering revoking or suspending their controlled substance registration. And it would require FDA, in consultation with DEA, to submit a report one year after enactment to Congress on obstacles to legitimate patient access to controlled substances and collaborative efforts to benefit patients and prevent abuse of these substances. 
MARINO , W ELCH and C HUfor introducing this 
bipartisan legislation and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 21) authorizing the use of the Capitol 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
Soap Box Derby Association (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘sponsor’’) shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, soap box derby races (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’), on the Capitol Grounds. 
held on June 20, 2015, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate. 
prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall 
the Capitol, the sponsor is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other related structures and equipment as may be required for the event. 
The Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board are authorized to make such additional arrangements as may be required to carry out the event. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 21. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the Capitol Grounds for the annual Greater Washington Soap Box Derby on June 20. 
this resolution. He has been a longtime supporter of this event and the children involved each year. 
Capitol Grounds. The soapbox derby encourages children to show off their dedication, work, and creativity as they compete for trophies. The winners of each division are qualified to compete in the national AllAmerican Soap Box Derby held in Ohio. 
I support passage of this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative HOYER for, every year, introducing this resolution on behalf of the Washington regional delegation, and I rise as an original cosponsor. 
This annual competitive event encourages boys and girls, ages 9 through 16, to construct and operate their own 
participate in these races come from all over the national capital region to participate in this really fun event. 
The derby has become quite a tradition in Washington. The D.C. metropolitan area has hosted this tradition for over the last 20 years. It provides a terrific opportunity for children to appreciate the workmanship necessary to build the vehicles and for the thrill of competition. 
Winners of this event go on to compete in the national competition in Akron, Ohio, where they compete against children from all over the world. On race day, every Greater Washington Soap Box Derby participant starts the race day with a chance to become a world champion. 
Derby organizers will work with the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police to ensure the appropriate rules and regulations are in place and that the event remains free to the public. 
the children of the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area, and I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this resolution. 
Mr. Speaker, I may have one additional speaker, but I would like to say that the children who participate in this event do so with a lot of creativity and ingenuity. They spend an entire year designing their vehicles, then they test their vehicles; they experiment with their friends, and then they put them out on race day for the soapbox derby. 
Speaker, of participating in a soapbox derby, but they sure are fun to watch. Each year, Representative HOYER  
makes sure that all of our delegation in the Metropolitan Washington region gathers to organize to make certain that children, from ages 9 through 16, are able to construct those vehicles, operate them themselves, and compete in the competition. 
the great challenge is that, on race day, in the morning, all of the young people participating in the soapbox derby get up; and on that day, first thing in the morning, every single one of them is a champion, right up until the finish line. It is an exciting time for these young people. 
Of course, they go on to compete in a 
competition in Akron, Ohio, where there are kids gathered from all over the world who also do the same thing: build those soapboxes and participate. 
is really grateful to be able to host this soapbox derby and, of course, with the good graces of this Congress, to be able to do that on the Capitol Grounds with the cooperation of the Architect. 
may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), our whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I thank her for using some of the time so I could get 
up to the floor. I appreciate that very much. I also thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership. 
resolution, which I have sponsored for many Congresses, to permit the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to hold its annual race on the grounds of the United States Capitol. I am sure that both the chairman and the ranking member, Ms. EDWARDS , 
derby, held on June 20. On that day, young people from around Washington, D.C., will gather at the Capitol for an event that is both fun, educational, and a teacher of responsibility and making things in America. 
Derby began in 1938 with Norman Rocca outmaneuvering 223 other racers to win the inaugural race. Each year since, dozens of boys and girls, ranging in age from 8 to 17, have competed in three divisions: stock, super stock, and masters. The winner in each will qualify to compete with racers from across the country in the AllAmerican Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio. 
event in the world,’’ America’s soapbox derbies bring parents, children, and friends and neighbors together. They teach hard work, leadership, sportsmanship, and pride of achievement. 
soapbox racers, but great American innovators and leaders in business, government, science, and the arts. Participants are often sponsored by community groups, police departments, fire departments, service organizations, and others who see future great promise in these children and teenagers. 
this resolution for 24 years because I am so proud of America’s soapbox derby tradition and proud of those from Maryland’s Fifth District who participate. 
of derby champions, including the winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, and 2014. My district is sort of like John Wooden’s UCLA or the Duke Blue Devils, maybe, or the Maryland Terrapins. The young Marylanders who won the Greater Washington race in 2007 and 2008 went on to win the national championship. 
have cosponsored this resolution: Representatives CHRIS VANHOLLEN ; GERRY  
floor with the chair; and B ARBARA COMSTOCK . 
join in supporting our resolution, and they will come to watch the soapbox derby in action on June 20. 
sure that I got here so that I could, once again, say how proud I am of 
Good luck to all of them. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
again, thank the gentleman from Maryland for his commitment to our youth and for, once again, introducing this great piece of legislation. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 21. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. 
to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 25) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
Fraternal Order of Police and its auxiliary shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the 34th Annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Memorial Service’’), on the Capitol Grounds, in order to honor the law enforcement officers who died in the line of duty during 2014. 
Fraternal Order of Police and its auxiliary shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Exhibition’’), on the Capitol Grounds, in order to allow law enforcement representatives to exhibit their ability to demonstrate Honor Guard programs and provide for a bag pipe exhibition. 
shall be held on May 14, 2015, or on such 
other date as the Speaker of the House of 
Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate. 
prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H. Con. Res. 25. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the Capitol Grounds for the annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service and a National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. I am pleased to be the sponsor of this resolution, along with the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON). 
part of Police Week, to honor the men and women who sacrificed their lives in the line of duty. This year, over 125 Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers will be honored for their ultimate sacrifice: giving their lives in the line of duty. Four of these officers are from Pennsylvania, including one from near my district, Corporal Bryon Dickson II of the Pennsylvania State Police. 
Corporal Dickson was killed in September of 2014 after he and Trooper Alex Douglass were shot during an ambush targeting police officers outside the Blooming Grove barracks in northeastern Pennsylvania. The suspect, Eric Frein, cowardly hid in the woods while local, State, and Federal law enforcement searched for him. He was finally captured after a 7week manhunt. 
States Marine Corps veteran and served with the Pennsylvania State Police for 7 years. He left behind a wife and two young sons. 
will also be honored, including Officer Richard Champion of the Perryopolis Borough Police Department, who was killed during a vehicle pursuit in December; Trooper David Kedra of the Pennsylvania State Police, who was accidentally shot during a training exercise; and Sergeant Sheryl Pierce of the South Londonderry Township Police Department, who died from a deadly illness contracted while carrying out her duties. 
the sacrifices of those like them should not be forgotten. These tragic episodes should serve to remind all citizens of the dangerous jobs our men and women of law enforcement courageously volunteer for. They put their lives on the line to protect us daily, and for that we should always remain grateful. 
Mr. Speaker, H. Con. Res. 25 authorizes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service on May 15 and a National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. Both events will be coordinated with the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police. 
The National Peace Officers Memorial will honor law enforcement officers who were killed in the line of duty in 2014. According to preliminary estimates, over 125 law enforcement officers were killed in the line of duty just this last year, a 24 percent increase over the 102 officers killed in 2013. 
leading cause of death among law enforcement officers in 2014, with 50 officers slain by firearms. The second leading cause of death among law enforcement officers was trafficrelated fatalities, with 49 officers killed in that manner. 
one law enforcement officer killed in the line of duty in 2014, Officer Jamel Claggett from the Charles County Sheriff’s Office. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that we are honoring and recognizing peace officers who were killed in the line of duty in 2014, but I would like to make a personal note that in the State of Maryland alone, just since the beginning of this year, three officers were killed and one police dog was also killed in the line of duty: 
Protective Service Officer Lawrence Buckner was killed outside of the Census Bureau on April 9; just a few weeks 
before that, Prince George’s County Police Officer Brennan Rabain was killed in an automobile accident on March 7; just prior to that, in January, a police officer from Baltimore, Craig Chandler, was also killed in a vehicle accident; a canine, Bella, from the Maryland Division of Correction in Maryland was killed in a fire incident also just a few weeks ago. 
that officers place themselves in and a reminder of what they do every single day to protect each and every one of us. I have such a deep admiration and appreciation for the fallen officers who will be honored on May 15 and the ultimate sacrifices they have made on behalf of all of our local communities. I urge Members to join me in supporting this tribute to our law enforcement officers across the country who died in the line of duty in 2014. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
strong support of H. Con. Res. 25, which authorizes the use of the Capitol grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. 
It is altogether fitting and proper that we do 
The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial is the nation’s monument to law enforcement officers who have died in the line of duty. 
Dedicated on October 15, 1991, the Memorial honors federal, state and local law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice for the safety and protection of our nation and its people. 
Carved on its walls are the names of 20,538 
officers who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. history, dating back to the first known death in 1791. 
Added to the Wall this year will be the 
names of the 117 police officers killed in the line of duty in 2014. 
Wall of Honor also are the names of 1,695 fallen peace officers from the state of Texas, the most of any state, including 114 members of the Houston Police Department who gave their lives to keep their city safe. 
I ask unanimous consent to include a list of 
900,000 law enforcement personnel serving the people of our country, the highest amount ever. 
About 12 percent of them are female. These brave men and women risk their lives 
to keep the peace and keep us safe but they are too often taken by the violence they are working to prevent. 
killed somewhere in the United States every 60 hours, and there are also 58,930 assaults against our law officers each year, resulting in 15,404 injuries. 
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Law Enforcement Caucus I am proud to represent the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas in paying tribute to the 117 fallen heroes who will be joining the 20,538 gallant 
men and women who gave the last full measure of devotion to the communities they took an oath to protect and serve. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence 
in memory of the officers whose names will be added to the National Peace Officers Memorial Wall of Honor. 
5. Jack B Beets, End of Watch: March 30, 
6. Troy A Blando, End of Watch: May 19, 
8. C E Branon, End of Watch: March 20, 
9. John M Cain, End of Watch: August 3, 
10. Richard H Calhoun, End of Watch: October 10, 1975, Houston Texas Police Department 
11. Dionicio M Camacho, End of Watch: October 23, 2009, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 
19. Johnnie Davidson, End of Watch: February 19, 1921, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
24. Floyd T Deloach Jr, End of Watch: June 
27. J C Etheridge, End of Watch: August 23, 
28. James E Fenn, End of Watch: March 14, 
29. E D Fitzgerald, End of Watch: September 30, 1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
31. Joseph Robert Free, End of Watch: October 18, 1912, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
33. James T Gambill, End of Watch: December 1, 1936, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
1928, Houston, Texas, P.D. 39. Leon Griggs, End of Watch: January 31, 
43. Howard B Hammond, End of Watch: August 18, 1946, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
45. David Michael Healy, End of Watch: November 12, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
47. Oscar Hope, End of Watch: June 22, 1929, 
51. Bobby L James, End of Watch: June 26, 
55. P P Jones, End of Watch: January 30, 
56. Frank L Kellogg, End of Watch: November 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
57. S A Buster Kent, End of Watch: January 12, 1954, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
58. James F Kilty, End of Watch: April 8, 
60. Louis R Kuba, End of Watch: May 17, 
61. J D Landry, End of Watch: December 3, 
62. Robert Wayne Lee, End of Watch: January 31, 1971, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
63. Fred Maddox Jr, End of Watch: February 24, 1954, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
66. Charles R Mcdaniel, End of Watch: August 4, 1963, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
67. E G Meinke, End of Watch: August 23, 
69. Noel R Miller, End of Watch: June 6, 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 25. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to 
revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the 
bill, H.R. 1195, to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 200 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1195. 
from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes, with Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
today the House considers H.R. 1195, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act. This bill is essential to provide small businesses a voice in the regulatory process and to help ensure community banks and credit unions continue to have a voice at the CFPB going forward. 
our economy, yet our regulatory system silences these hardworking Americans. Regulations meant for large corporations trickle down and have disproportionate impacts on Main Street businesses. We must remember that these businesses are, by and large, owned and operated by our neighbors and friends. They represent a life’s work and a vision of the American Dream. 
consumers in the financial marketplace, and it would seem impossible to responsibly undertake this endeavor of protecting the American consumer without consulting institutions that are most closely associated with the American consumer: small businesses and community financial institutions. 
H.R. 1195 is a straightforward and bipartisan piece of legislation. It would amend the DoddFrank Act to create a small business advisory board to advise the CFPB. This bill would also codify two other advisory committees created by Director Cordray: the Credit Union Advisory Council and the Community Bank Advisory Council. 
Under H.R. 1195, each board or council would advise the CFPB regarding concerns of its established membership. The Director of the CFPB would be required to appoint at least 15, but not more than 20, members to each board or council. 
following organizations: the Credit Union National Association, the National Association of Federal Credit Unions, the Texas Land Title Association, the American Land Title Association, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Independent Community Bankers of America. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a truly a commonsense and bipartisan bill. Last Congress, an identical piece of legislation passed the House by voice vote. This Congress, H.R. 1195 passed out of the committee by a vote of 53–5. The ranking member, who is with us today, has voted for this bill two times, yet we find ourselves here today debating the merits of providing a voice for small businesses and community financial institutions. 
Hillary Clinton was questioned about the health of American businesses. She said she was ‘‘surprised’’ to learn that small businesses were struggling. 
small and commonsense step to providing a voice for our small businesses and community financial institutions in the regulatory process. It helps ensure that politicians and Washington bureaucrats aren’t surprised to learn of the plight and struggles of these Main Street pillars. It gives these hard working Americans a voice and a seat at the table. 
that our disagreement is with how the bill is paid for. Well, let me address that for a minute. 
in mandatory spending be offset with a reduction in mandatory spending elsewhere. The CBO says H.R. 1195 will cost $9 million, in total, over the next 10 years. Republicans simply reduced the maximum amount that the CFPB can draw from the Fed over the same 10 year period to offset this cost. 
CFPB, by statute, can draw approximately $6.7 billion over the next 10 years. This offset that we are debating today amounts to 0.1 percent of this amount. If Democrats really want to claim that a 0.1 percent reduction in the $6.7 billion that CFPB can spend over the next decade really threatens the Bureau’s mission, perhaps it is time to examine the Bureau’s current spending practices. I am quite confident that we can debate spending problems at the CFPB for the rest of the afternoon, should we need to. 
cut spending on consumer protection. Let me repeat that. Just to reiterate, H.R. 1195 will not cut spending on consumer protection. It will provide a voice for small businesses. Let’s help our small businesses succeed. Let’s help Main Street prosper, and let’s vote today to move H.R. 1195 forward. 
Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the House to pay very close attention to this bill today because this bill represents tricks and games in ways that people don’t often understand. But this is a prime example of how you take a good idea and mess it up. So I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1195, a measure that is, again, a shining example of how far Republicans will go to squander compromise, consensus, and good faith to advance an ideological anticonsumer agenda. 
latest instance of Financial Services Committee Republicans snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. 
do all they can to undercut the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Let me say that again. They have spent so much time—amendment after amendment, attempt after attempt—to try and gut and dismantle the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and they have gone so far with this bill to undermine our efforts to be of assistance to small businesses and include them in a stronger advisory way to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau because they hate the Bureau so much. 
undercut this Bureau, an agency with an extraordinary record of success protecting consumers, reining in bad actors, and ensuring that we do not return to the predatory practices that put this Nation on the verge of economic collapse less than 10 years ago. 
H.R. 1195 was a good and decent measure offered by my colleague, Mr. HECK 
from Washington State, and, again, I applaud him for his leadership. The straightforward proposal offered by Mr. HECKwould codify two of the advisory 
boards that the CFPB voluntarily created related to community banks and credit unions, while also creating a new small business advisory board for small businesses. Along with many other requirements of the Bureau, these boards create additional avenues for input from the entities that they have been given the power to regulate under the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform Act. 
The Bureau itself had created a number of advisory committees. Mr. HECKsaw 
room for strengthening the ability of small businesses to have an advisory role, and so he created this bill. But, because, again, my friends on the opposite side of the aisle, the Republicans, hate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau so much, they decided that 
they were going to play tricks and games and create an opportunity to reduce the funding so they could try and limit the Bureau’s ability to do its work by adding all of these amendments. I am going to point out the tricks of these amendments as we go along here today. 
the Financial Services Committee passed H.R. 1195 by a vote of 53–5. Many of my Democratic colleagues supported the proposal, just as we have supported the many efforts of the CFPB to be responsive to the unique needs of small businesses, community banks, and credit unions. But, as usual, that bipartisanship was shortlived, as Chairman HENSARLING added an amendment designed to pay for this measure by undermining the CFPB’s authority and independent funding. 
determined now is the time to offset the cost of legislation. Don’t forget, we have the payfor kings and queens on that side of the aisle. They said, they worked for, and they made a big issue that everything must be paid for, except when they decide to try and slip something in that they don’t pay for. And they have done that on this floor with some of these bills that we will be talking about. 
kind of trick; and that is, let’s find a way to take it from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau because not only will this pay for it, but this will reduce their ability to do their job paying for other things. 
voted to repeal the estate tax without paying for it at a staggering cost of $269 billion. At a time when far too many Americans are struggling with stagnant wages and historic income inequality, my Republican counterparts seem all too willing to add to the Nation’s deficit in order to pass giveaways for the richest 0.2 percent of Americans. 
bill to enhance the voice of small businesses, community banks, and credit unions, which they claim to care so much about, the Republicans insist that the only way to pass the legislation is by cutting the CFPB—an agency that 84 percent of smallbusiness owners support, according to polling from the smallbusiness majority. 
several years of attempting to cap CFPB funding, the Republicans have chosen to transform Mr. HECK’s bill 
into a vehicle to make drastic cuts to the CFPB’s budget. 
side of the aisle will claim otherwise, the CFPB itself estimates Chairman HENSARLING ’s poison pill amendment 
will cut its budget by about $45 million over the next 5 years and by $100 million over the next 10 years, capping it substantially less than the amount that they are currently able to request. 
an agency with the explicit mission of standing up for consumers and taxpayers who have been subject to the deceptive practices of unscrupulous corporations. 
The chairman’s amendment guarantees that this otherwise bipartisan proposal will never become law, garnering significant opposition in the Senate and a veto threat from the Obama administration, who said this measure was ‘‘solely intended to impede the CFPB’s ability to carry out its mission of protecting consumers in the financial markets,’’ and further, they said, ‘‘could result in, among other things, undermining critical protections for families from abusive and predatory financial products.’’ 
have chosen any number of offsets to account for the cost of this proposal or, as they have done so many times before, waive their CutGo rules. Make no mistake about the intent of the Hensarling amendment. It is designed to back Democrats into a corner by attaching an unacceptable provision cutting CFPB’s budget to a proposal that Democrats supported in committee. 
not be undermined on our watch, and this backdoor attempt to cut its budget sets a dangerous precedent of using bipartisan bills as a way to sneak through measures that undermine the Bureau’s independence and its ability to protect consumers. 
on this side of the aisle why it is that our Republican friends hate the CFPB so much and have done so much to undermine them, to undercut them, and to try to reduce their funding. They know as well as we know that prior to the establishment of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that we put into DoddFrank’s reforms, consumers had no protections in the Government of the United States of America. Our regulatory agencies were not doing their jobs. 
and soundness. But who was working for the consumers? Nobody. 
And so now we have a Bureau working for the consumers that is doing a wonderful job. And here we have every attempt that you can dream of, every scheme that you can think of, being levied by our friends on the opposite side of the aisle because they want to kill the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. As I have said, this is not going to happen on our watch. They can try any trick that they want. We are on to it. 
would just remind the ranking member that the Republicans, during the Rules Committee hearing, asked if they had a payfor that they would like to offer in substitute for that, and they chose not to. So I think what we are hearing is that the minority is choosing to say that small businesses in this country 
aren’t worth $9 million. And what $9 million is is, in 3 minutes, that will be the increase in our national debt in this country. So Republicans do take our deficit seriously, and we take the rules of this House seriously because the rules of the House require that when you have an increase in mandatory spending, you have to have an offset for that. What Republicans were trying to do is follow the rules of the House. 
to yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), one of the 
rise today in support of H.R. 1195, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau continues to issue regulations designed for massive, systemicrisk financial institutions without considering how those same rules harm small businesses, community banks, and credit unions. 
That is why my good friend and colleague, Congressman DENNY HECK, 
joined with me to establish a small business advisory board within the CFPB. The goal is simple: to advise and consult with the CFPB on how any proposed regulations would impact the smallbusiness community. Members of the small business advisory board must represent a small business dealing with financial services products. The legislation also encourages the CFPB Director to ensure participation of women and minorityowned small businesses when appointing members to the board. 
Credit Union Advisory Council and the Community Bank Advisory Council, both of which are currently voluntary and can be eliminated at any time at the discretion of the CFPB Director. 
are struggling under enormous compliance burdens designed for toobigto fail banks. They are hiring compliance officers instead of loan officers, meaning less access to capital for small businesses to grow and to create jobs. 
Clear and open communication between the CFPB, small businesses, community banks, and credit unions will improve rulemaking and lead to better outcomes for consumers. 
Union National Association, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Land Title Association, and the independent community bankers association. This legislation also enjoys strong bipartisan support, having passed out of the Financial Services Committee by a vote of 53–5. 
concern that was raised by the ranking member and other Democrat colleagues in their objection to how we propose to pay for the advisory boards. The CBO estimates this legislation will cost taxpayers $9 million over a 10year period. In those same years, the CFPB 
will have access to $6.7 billion in operating funds. 
We propose making a very small reduction—just 0.1 percent—in the amount the CFPB is allowed to draw, which will pay for the advisory boards without additional cost to taxpayers. If the CFPB can’t find $9 million in savings over 10 years out of a total potential draw of $6.7 billion, then they need another advisory board of smallbusiness owners who will travel to D.C. and teach the CFPB how to budget. 
Mr. Chairman, our economy is growing today at a tepid pace of 2.2 percent. We have in reality about 12 percent unemployment when you consider the underemployed and when you consider those who have given up. Small banks and other lending institutions are under enormous compliance restrictions and guidelines, the same as the major banks. They need a voice at the table. We need opportunity. We need people to be able to expand their businesses, and yet they can’t get capital through these small banking lending institutions. 
That is what this bill is all about. It 
is all about jobs. It is all about families and people’s lives and their futures. 
on protecting consumers, not protecting bureaucratic fiefdoms and perks. Our commonsense, bipartisan legislation helps focus the CFPB on 
Small businesses create jobs. Bureaucrats create rules. Please join me in supporting H.R. 1195 so that heavyhanded D.C. regulators are forced to take time to consider how their burdensome and unnecessary regulations negatively impact small business and make necessary adjustments to protect consumers while allowing small businesses, credit unions, and community banks to help grow the economy and create goodpaying jobs. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). He is the next gentleman that 
you are going to hear from this side of the aisle. He is the author of the legislation that certainly would have given small businesses a seat at the table of the CFPB. He worked very hard on this bill, and he is one of those persons on our committee who reaches across the aisle all the time on bipartisan efforts. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, in a gesture of reaching across the aisle, let us be clear that prior to this bill’s arrival at the Rules Committee, it was Mr. PITTENGER and myself who worked in a collaborative and in a bipartisan way, hard for nearly the last 2 years, to get it to this point where we might have an opportunity to vote upon it. 
I cannot exaggerate to you how saddened I am, how much I regret, and 
how surreal I find it that I stand here 
now and ask my colleagues to please vote ‘‘no’’ against my bill, oppose the bill that I have worked so hard on for nearly 2 years. 
Rules, had been laid out commonsensically: codify the Credit Union Advisory Council; codify the Small Community Bank Advisory Council; and create a nonbank advisory board for the appraisers, the title insurers, the real estate agents, escrow company, all people that the Bureau regulates and with whom they should have an iterative conversation going with respect to the proposed regulations. 
It wasn’t easy getting here even before Rules. There was a lot of back and forth, a lot of compromising along the way. We had to allay fears from the consumer groups that this was a Trojan horse. We accepted amendments; we broadened the bill; we did a lot of things together, but with a collaborative spirit and the support of the ranking member, we did pass the bill out of committee 53–5, and then a torch was put to it. A torch was put to it. 
includes a socalled payfor amendment to lower the cap of available funds to CFPB by $45 million by the year 2020 and $100 million by the year 2025. It is bad policy; it is bad precedent, and it is completely unnecessary. 
color of being a payfor. Well, I have got a couple problems with that. The first is obvious. CBO projection is $9 million. We are talking about a cap that cost $45 million and $100 million. It is a multiple of it—or $75 million to $100 million by last count. 
about how the rule is applied, which has been heralded here, and, in fact, genuflected as an important rule to provide for payfors when there are expenditures caused by proposed legislation. 
The motivation is, frankly, inscrutable to me. I honestly don’t know how you do it with a straight face. Literally, a matter of hours ago, voting for $300 billion, with a ‘‘b,’’ with no PAYGO or payfor and to stand up here and say, Well, we absolutely have to have a payfor for $9 million over 10 years, but $300 billion was okay, I say sincerely: I don’t know how you do that with a straight face. 
that I find surreal. Much in the debate was about questioned architectural practices by the agency. The truth of the matter is GSA took over construction, what, 2plus years ago? If that is the issue, write an amendment to the GSA budget; don’t punish CFPB. 
is unique; therefore, it has to be curtailed, unrelated to the underlying purpose of the bill. Maybe that is true. 
Check the history. It was a Republican who wanted it funded by the Fed—Mr. SHELBY , I believe. That may be unique 
in that way. It has been suggested CFPB is nonbudgeted—again, unrelated to the underlying purpose of the bill. Well, guess what, so is every other bank, regulator, agency in the Federal Government: the FDIC, the OCC, the Fed itself, FHFA, and NCUA. They are all nonbudgeted; but, no, let’s pick this one out of the pack and punish it. 
surreal to me. I believe that there is a bit of a trial under way here today, and we are laying a marker down on April 21 on whether or not we are actually going to be able to function in a bipartisan way. We did. It took hard work, 18plus months with Mr. PITTENGER , 53– 
5 in committee; and now, as I say, we are putting a torch to it. 
We are going to decide. This is a test. 
Are we going to use the CFPB as a piggybank to pay for all other manner of agendas? Are we going to ask them to swallow this poison pill in the goal of getting a bipartisan bill passed? 
It is a test of whether or not we are 
going to do that. It is an experiment to see how radically—and it is radical—we can change bills and still keep ‘‘yes’’ votes in the name of consistency, although there is certainly no consistency between the payfors provided in this proposed legislation and that for legislation that passed last week. 
tax and the sales and use tax totalling over $300 billion, we did two CFPB bills last week, too. Nobody offered payfors on those, so it isn’t consistent. 
you to oppose the bill that I have worked so hard on with Mr. PITTENGER . 
It is surreal. I am reminded of my favorite passage in ‘‘Through the Looking Glass.’’ 
If I had a world of my own, everything 
is because everything would be what it isn’t. And contrariwise, what is, it wouldn’t be. And what it wouldn’t be, it would. You see? 
This is surreal; but I say my strongest assertion that what is the most sad about this—and I have said this in Rules, and I am going to say it now— you know, you know you are killing this bill. 
care, 18 months of hard work out the window to do something good and worthwhile, but you know you are killing the bill. You know you are killing it because you are not passing here vetoproof; and the administration has, as the ranking member suggested, already issued the Statement of Administration Policy. 
never see the light of day in the United States Senate. You are killing the bill that we worked on for 2 years to help nonbank businesses have a better structured institutionalized relationship, which is as it should be, and you are doing it by inconsistently applying a House rule for which you grant waivers left and right when you were of a mind. 
from North Carolina has worked hard. Frankly—and I will say it—he deserves 
better than this. This bill deserves better than this. The businesses that are regulated by CFPB deserve better than this, than to kill this bill, which is what you are assuredly doing. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on my bill. The CHAIR. The Chair reminds Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. I just want to remind him that the GSA only took over the management of the project, not the budget, so GSA doesn’t have control over this entity’s budget. 
me is my colleagues are talking about a drastic cut. You have got an entity that can draw $6.7 billion over a 10year period, and $7 million is a drastic cut. 
now is revenue neutral, and these numbers that are coming of $45 million, those are CFPB’s numbers, but these are the nonpartisan CBO numbers. 
I think one of the things we have to 
do is we have to deal in the facts and reality here, and this is a very small amount of money. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act. 
North Carolina for his work, and I want to thank my friend from Washington for his work as well on what really should be a bipartisan bill. Honestly, I think the American public, Mr. Chairman, will take a look at what is happening here on the floor and are going to be baffled by it as well. 
just tell you, Mr. Chairman, there are nearly 29 million small businesses in our Nation; 99 percent of all employer firms in the United States are considered small businesses; over 56 million Americans work in these small businesses; and twothirds of all net new jobs. 
Last I checked, the labor force participation rate is near a threedecade low, so the net new jobs that we are looking for are created by small business. Twothirds are created by small business. 
to the CFPB: we want you to have a small business advisory board. 
out there, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency in Washington that sets the rules and regulations with farreaching impacts into our economy, completely fails to ensure that small businesses have a permanent seat at the table when the CFPB is making decisions, making decisions that impact the lives of millions of Americans and businesses across the land. 
This is a commonsense piece of legislation. If we are going to talk about small businesses, my goodness, please, let’s talk about having small business representation at the table. 
Mr. Chairman, there are a lot of decisions that get made in this Chamber. There are a lot of decisions that get made in Washington. I have to tell you, one of the things that I try to do is I try to surround myself with people that it impacts. 
care, I try to surround myself with physicians and patients and nurses, to try to get their input in terms of how this bill or how a bill that comes to the floor would impact them. Surround yourself with people that might know more about a topic than you do; educate yourself. 
The fact that the CFPB doesn’t already have a small business advisory board or small business voice at the table is unacceptable—unacceptable in today’s day and age. 
support. Frankly, I want it to be a bipartisan bill. I think the underlying substance of it is bipartisan, and only at the last minute are we talking about not making this a bipartisan bill over the payfor. 
about this for a second as a business that gets regulated time and again. They don’t come with a payfor there. Basically, they say: this is what we need you to do, and you find a way to pay for it. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
saying to the CFPB, Mr. Chairman, to the CFPB and Director Cordray, we are saying: please get small business input into what you are thinking. 
are out there, Mr. Chairman, are talking about trying to fly people in, small businesses in. That is where the dollars are coming from. 
about $9 million out of nearly a $7 billion budget over 10 years. Surely, this can’t be the thing that is killing the bill. There has got to be something bigger that is killing the bill because, frankly, the American public, Mr. Chairman, are going to roll their eyes and say: you have got to be kidding me. 
We are going to disregard small businesses from being able to come in and weigh in on something that is going to drastically impact the economy because they don’t want to take what could potentially be $9 million in airfare and other things to try to make sure they can get the small business advisory board to come to Washington. 
If we find that there is a problem, I 
will be the first one to reach across the aisle to say we need to fix this. This is a problem that we need to solve, and I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill to get 
Mr. Chairman, I first need to remind the gentleman from Illinois that Mr. HECKworked hard to put small business advisory at the table and to codify the other businesses that the CFPB had already put at the table. They snatched it right away from the table. They took away small business. 
the cochair of the Progressive Caucus and a member of the Financial Services Committee. 
colleagues that, yes, the bill was bipartisan, but the amendment was not. The amendment, which was rigidly partisan, is what has put this good idea in a space of being very partisan on this House floor. 
into this bill that maybe somebody would have listened to him and would have said, ‘‘Mr. HECK, you have put 
your time in on this bill. We are not going to do this to your bill. We are going to stick with that bipartisanship that we had all along,’’ but that kind of consideration has gone missing in this place. 
Republican leadership has brought us another bill in a long series of bills to 
weaken the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and no smallbusiness person who is listening to this debate should be bamboozled, tricked, or led astray in believing that the rhetoric on this floor is about helping them. The fact is that a lot of smallbusiness people are protected by predatory lenders that the CFPB stops. A lot of small business people open their businesses with a credit card. They rely on the CFPB to keep the predation away from them. They, in fact, are the beneficiaries of the work of the CFPB’s. 
harm the American people. These bills make it easier to steer customers into costly loans that strip their wealth and limit their economic mobility. These bills divert CFPB resources from protecting consumers to costly, unnecessary, bureaucratic activities. 
Last week, we had a bill to repeal the 
CFPB rules that protect buyers of manufactured homes from what had been before DoddFrank a predatory market. Enough Democrats voted ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 650 to sustain the President’s veto. That is a good thing. We should not remove consumer protections for highcost loans that are targeted at buyers of manufactured homes. Also last week, the GOP brought another bill which would weaken the CFPB protections against controlled business arrangements in real estate transactions. 
Today, the Republican majority considers what is a good idea. H.R. 1195 would require the CFPB to establish a 
small business advisory council. It is a pretty fair idea. You could argue that it is already there, but if you don’t believe it is, it is not at all a highly objectionable bill. In fact, it has merit. What is wrong with a little bit more input from small business? That is a good thing. The fact of the matter is that it is a Trojan horse that is being used to attack the CFPB all over again. 
want to destroy an organization that has identified $5.3 billion, which is the approximate amount of relief to consumers ordered by the CFPB enforcement actions? It is $5.3 billion that hardworking Americans have saved from predatory lenders. Why in the world, unless you favor predation in financial markets, would you be against the CFPB? There are 15 million consumers who receive relief because of the CFPB, and I hope they let their voices be heard all across the United 
States against these people who relentlessly try to rip down the CFPB. $208 million is the amount of money that has been ordered to be paid in civil penalties as a result of CFPB’s enforcement actions against people who do not help the market but who distort the market. 
good, honest, decent businesses—and America is full of them, the ones that play by the rules—get harmed when a cheater goes without being punished. When a business that cuts corners and abuses consumers does not get eliminated from the market or punished because of its bad behavior, it means that playing by the rules is no longer profitable or the thing to do. The CFPB makes the market work as it should. 
unions under the CFPB’s supervisory authority as of June 2014. That is a good thing. There are 30 million consumers with debts in collection, and larger debt collection companies are now under Federal supervision for the first time because of the CFPB. The CFPB is a good institution. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this Trojan horse bill. 
I am delighted to hear that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are concerned about $9 million. I wish they had been as concerned when we had hearings and we found out that the CFPB is going to spend $216 million on the luxury renovations of a building that they do not own and when we found out that the taxpayers are also going to get to fund a twostory waterfall that falls into sunken gardens and that has a fourstory glass staircase. How about the spending of $14 million on marketing and advertising? How about the $61.3 million they spent on management consulting fees? 
It should be an affront to small businesses around the country that an organization that can’t control its spending is being asked not to spend an additional $9 million so that small businesses can have a voice at the table. 
talking about are the merits of entitling this enormous agency, the largest in the history of this country, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, to be accountable to nobody, not to be accountable to the executive branch and not to be accountable to the Congress. They are able to do whatever they want to do. They make all of their own rules. They determine the winners, and they determine the losers. They have zero accountability. 
Let’s discuss their funding of $6.7 billion over a 10year period. Yes, what we are talking about is an offset to pay for an advisory board to protect small business—$9 million. That is 0.1 percent. Let’s look at the priorities then of the CFPB’s. 
Truly, would any of us lease a building, not own it, and spend $260 million on renovations? That is more per square foot than of any luxury hotel in Las Vegas. 
into a sunken garden? How magnificent. Is that more important than an advisory board that is for small business to ensure that we can create jobs? 
story glass staircase? It costs millions. Is that more important than an advisory board for small business? 
porch—how lovely—so that employees can have a place of restful contemplation and meditation? Do bureaucrats really need a serene place to rest while they are on the job? Are they that concerned about their plight? 
hardworking, taxpaying Americans who are trying to build their businesses, who are trying to find capital, who are looking to community banks that are under siege with burdensome regulations. It is the same as the major banks. This isn’t right. This makes no sense. This is not fair. We need to get priority where priority is due. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). She serves on the Financial 
Services Committee and is a strong supporter of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s. 
H.R. 1195 and not because I don’t think it is a wonderful idea that Mr. HECK 
has come up with, along with his colleague from the Republican side, for a small business advisory panel within the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Prior to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, we had example, after example, after example of Wall Street’s preying on consumers and treating working class Americans just like an ATM in order to feather their bonuses; but here, today, we find yet another not so veiled attempt to defund the CFPB. 
a little bit more seriously if just last week we had not repealed the estate tax to the tune of $270 billion for the 6,000 wealthiest Americans. It is a tax from which only 6,000 people will benefit. I am certainly not looking for a payfor. I am just pointing out the hypocrisy of the notion that we have got to offset this $9 million for the CFPB. As has been mentioned, the CFPB has returned $5.3 billion to more than 15 million consumers who have been harmed by financial fraud, and I think PAYGO is just more of a convenient excuse to cut the CFPB than an actual principle that we follow here. 
American consumers. Oppose these attempts to attack the CFPB and to expose our constituents to these emboldened financial fraud centers. Let’s reject H.R. 1195. 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on both sides. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
opposed to this version of H.R. 1195, and as I have listened to the debate, I have become even more opposed to the legislation. Most fifth graders know a Trojan horse when they see one, and today’s legislation is, indeed, a Trojan horse. Let me tell you why. 
to roll back and limit consumer protections. Once again, they are attacking the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau by adding burdensome legislation that replicates what the Bureau is already doing and by stripping funding from the CFPB in future years. Let’s remember that this was the agency that was created to prevent the very abusive practices that led to the 2008 financial crisis; yet here they go, pretending to help small businesses and community banks and credit unions but are gutting the agency that is responsible for protecting consumers. 
of the financial crisis right in my district in Prince George’s County and in Baltimore City, where homeowners lost their homes. It was Black and Latino families who suffered the most in Prince George’s County and Baltimore City, and it is not over for us. Many of 
those homeowners were smallbusiness owners, and they used their homes to leverage their businesses. They can’t do that anymore because they are still underwater and because the rules are still set against them. 
We are still in crisis, and we need a 
robust, unencumbered, unburdened Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to protect consumers, homeowners, and small businesses that are still struggling and are vulnerable. We need a robust lifeline CFPB as our credit unions and community banks are struggling. They need real relief that is hidden behind this Trojan horse legislation. 
have long opposed the CFPB, and they have long sought to dismantle it. This legislation is no different, and it needs to be defeated. If they want bipartisan legislation, we need to start all over again and do something that really is in the interest of consumers. 
we have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
good job on this side of the aisle of exposing what is happening on the opposite side of the aisle as simply an attempt to try and gut and demean the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
that they made about the cost of renovation for the CFPB. 
Bloomberg Businessweek, in an article, entitled, ‘‘Republican Attacks on a CFPB Office Renovation Don’t Add Up,’’ found that Republicans took liberties with their math. Using data from a report prepared by the CFPB’s inspector general, Bloomberg found that renovation would only cost $421 per square foot, if you inflate the price by including rental of temporary space and paying for movers, compared to the GOP claim of $590. Actual construction costs are only $283 per square foot, half of what the Republicans claim. 
However, and I think this is very interesting, there is one very expensive renovation happening in Washington, D.C., right now. It is the Cannon House Office Building, which houses Members and committees of the House of Representatives. All end costs for the renovation of the Cannon Building approved by Speaker BOEHNER will be $753 
million, or $911 per square foot, much pricier than the Bellagio or the Burj Khalifa. If we want to talk about what is high cost, take a look at ourselves right here in Congress for what we are doing. 
the continued attempts on the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Maybe it is because somebody else is being protected. 
Let’s look at some of the work of the 
for $35.7 million after uncovering a scheme where loan officers illegally referred customers to affiliated businesses in exchange for cash and marketing services. 
against Rome Finance for $92 million for a predatory lending scheme that targeted servicemembers by hiding finance charges, withholding information from billing statements, and engaging in illegal debt collection practices. 
against payday lender ACE Cash Express for $10 million for intentionally trapping consumers in a cycle of debt, a practice formalized in their employee training materials, as well as illegal debt collection practices, including harassment. 
I could go on and on and on how the 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has taken on some of the biggest corporations, the biggest businesses in this country to protect consumers. What is it you are afraid of? What is it you are worried about? Why are you trying to kill the agency that is protecting consumers rather than applauding them for making sure that the consumers don’t continue to be taken advantage of the way they were prior to 2008 when we didn’t have any consumer protection? I ask you to question yourselves about why you hate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau so much. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
I have read H.R. 1195. Let me tell you 
doesn’t keep the Bureau from carrying out its mission of consumer protection—so all of those things that the other side has been saying that the CFPB has been doing in a positive way, they can continue to do that—nor will the employees of CFPB have to take a pay cut, nor will the construction project and the other consulting fees that they keep passing out be impacted in any way. 
somehow Republicans are trying to kill CFPB, I think you need to go back and read the bill. The bill doesn’t say anything about killing the CFPB. 
voice for small businesses in this country, the number one job creators in America, the people that are day in and day out on the front line in our communities. It allows them to have a voice with an agency that has a huge impact on the future of this country. It also codifies and makes sure that community banks and credit unions have a voice at the table in the future. 
sad. I am sad. I am sad that people today are on this floor arguing that paying for a program that will provide a voice for our small businesses is a point of contention, that somehow we are not acting in a bipartisan way. 
This is a bipartisan bill. It passed by voice vote in the last Congress. It passed overwhelmingly, I think 55–5, in the Committee on Financial Services just a week ago. 
I think we have to focus on what this 
bill does. This bill does make sure that small businesses have a voice moving forward. 
listen to the people, then we do not have good government. So this bill is about good government. It is about saying to the American people: Hey, the bureaucrats may not have all the answers, so it is good to bring the people that have been out there that are running businesses that have some expertise in those areas that this agency is trying to regulate and set precedence for, it is good for government to listen to the people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, as originally introduced, H.R. 1195 was that rare piece of legislation with bipartisan support. It supported the simple proposition that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) could benefit from the guidance of advisory councils comprised of representatives from small businesses, credit unions, and community banks. 
As introduced, the legislation would have required the CFPB to hear from small business representatives regarding the impact of proposed rules on financial products used by consumers for family and household purposes. The bill also encouraged the CFPB to ensure the participation of credits unions and community banks that serve traditionally underserved communities. 
agencies—should continue to focus on expanding banking opportunities in underserved communities, which are too often subjected to the worst forms of predatory financial practices. 
Development, my hometown of Baltimore, Maryland, is one of the top ten unbanked large cities in the country—13.9 percent of residents have no checking or savings account, and more than one in four residents is underbanked. Too many of these folks rely on alternative financial services like checkcashing stores, renttoown agreements, or pawnshops. 
usury cap and storefront payday lending operations do not exist in the state, Maryland residents with smalldollar credit needs have continued to turn to online lenders—lenders that are too often perpetrating fraudulent and abusive practices. 
But this does not need to be the reality in 
dollar credit market in the United States reached approximately $21.4 billion in 2012. Credit unions and community banks across the country have begun to tap into this market by experimenting with smalldollar, shortterm loans that help consumers stretch their monthly budgets or pay for emergency expenses without trapping them in a cycle of debt. The CFPB has taken a critical first step toward reforming the smalldollar industry by releasing proposals for a potential rule that would require shortterm lenders to either ensure borrowers have the ability to repay their loans or to provide affordable repayment plans. This is why I was so disappointed by a recent amendment to H.R. 1195 from the Rules Committee that would pay for the new advisory councils the bill would create by capping or reducing the CFPB budget by $45 million over five years and $100 million over ten years. 
has estimated that the new councils would cost only $9 million over ten years—confirming that the new amendment is nothing more than an attempt to slash the CFPB budget. 
budget cut, this amendment is simply another in a series of continuing attacks on the work of the CFPB, which has provided $5.3 billion in relief to consumers since its creation. 
Just as the CFPB embarks on its latest effort to protect consumers from predatory and abusive practices, we simply cannot afford a weakened consumer protection agency. 
As amended, H.R. 1195 is not only a disappointment—it’s an insult to the same underserved communities the bill would have helped the CFPB to better serve. I urge my colleagues to reject this bill and its attempt to undercut protections for working American families. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
House Report 114–74 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of 
Protection Act of 2010 is amended by inserting after section 1014 (12 U.S.C. 5494) the following new section: 
in the exercise of the Bureau’s functions under the Federal consumer financial laws applicable to eligible financial products or services; and 
practices of small business concerns that provide eligible financial products or services, including regional trends, concerns, and other relevant information. 
no fewer than 15 and no more than 20 members to the Small Business Advisory Board. 
services in financing the business activities of such concern. 
establish a Credit Union Advisory Council to advise and consult with the Bureau on consumer financial products or services that impact credit unions. 
establish a Community Bank Advisory Council to advise and consult with the Bureau on consumer financial products or services that impact community banks. 
a rate fixed by the Director while attending meetings of the Small Business Advisory Board, the Credit Union Advisory Council, or the Community Bank Advisory Council, including travel time; and 
transportation and subsistence, while away from their homes or regular places of business. 
the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632).’’. 
table of contents in section 1 of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is 
amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1014 the following new item: 
Financial Protection, under section 1017 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, may not request— 
would result in the total amount requested by the Director during that fiscal year to exceed $655,000,000; and 
would result in the total amount requested by the Director during that fiscal year to exceed $720,000,000. 
to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part D of the report. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part D of House Report 114–74. 
amendment at the desk, amendment No. 1, and I offer that amendment at this time. 
Page 4, beginning on line 19, strike ‘‘is encouraged to ensure the participation of’’ and insert ‘‘shall include members representing’’. 
Page 5, beginning on line 12, strike ‘‘is encouraged to ensure the participation of’’ and insert ‘‘shall include members representing’’. 
Page 6, beginning on line 6, strike ‘‘is encouraged to ensure the participation of’’ and insert ‘‘shall include members representing’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 200, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) and a Member 
does not require the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to include womenowned small businesses and minorityowned small businesses in the membership of the small business advisory board. The bill also encourages the Director to include financial institutions predominantly serving traditionally underserved communities in the membership of the Credit Union Advisory Council and the Community Bank Advisory Council. 
the underlying bill to make the inclusion of these groups a requirement, to ensure that a broad and diverse range of voices are included in these bodies. Federal regulators should listen to stakeholders when writing new rules for our economy, and this amendment 
will help ensure that these advisory boards are more representative of the American people. 
the underlying language in this bill was a bipartisan agreement that was worked out in the last Congress. When we were marking up this bill previously, it was brought up that minority representation would be important to this bill, and so the chairman of the committee, Mr. HENSARLING , actually 
stopped the deliberation there and worked in a bipartisan way across the aisle with Ms. WATERS to make sure 
that we put language in the bill that would encourage the Director to make sure that women and minorities’ business concerns on the small business advisory board were taken into consideration. 
that language that was agreed to and, by the way, was passed by a voice vote. Mr. PITTENGER accepted that amendment, and the bill reported out of the committee 53–5. So, basically, we have kept our word and kept in the spirit of the agreement that was negotiated in the previous Congress, and that language is in this underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part D of House Report 114–74. 
an amendment at the desk, amendment No. 2. I offer that amendment at this time. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 200, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) and a Member 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Chair, the underlying bill before us today authorizes a small business advisory board to advise the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on small business concerns and practices. 
have a seat at the table when Federal regulators make decisions with wide ranging consequences for our economy, and I appreciate that this legislation already encourages the participation of womenowned and minorityowned small businesses on the board. Women and minority entrepreneurs often have unique perspectives and concerns, and the CFPB would be well served by seeking and heeding their input. 
Similarly, as a member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, I believe that veteran entrepreneurs have unique perspectives and experiences in the economy, and I believe that the small business advisory board would be strengthened by the inclusion of veteran smallbusiness owners. To that end, my amendment simply encourages the CFPB Director to also include veteranowned small businesses in the membership of the small business advisory board. 
After fighting to protect the American Dream for all of us, many veterans have realized that same American Dream by starting their own business upon their return to civilian life. We owe it to our returning heroes to support their success. 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. FOXX). Without objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I yield 4 minutes 
to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ). 
alongside my fellow Granite State colleague in support of her amendment. 
of the highest populations of veterans per capita in the United States. Because of this, both the gentlelady from New Hampshire and myself understand the importance of working together to support our Nation’s veterans and veteranowned businesses. There are hundreds of veteranowned businesses just in New Hampshire alone, and we need to ensure that our commitment does not end with their term of commitment to our military. 
Hampshire for her amendment. I urge my colleagues both on the committee and in the full House to support this amendment. I would encourage them to support H.R. 1195, despite the objections of the 0.0015 percent in the pay 
yield myself such time as I may consume to say that we support this. It is a thoughtful amendment. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ). 
Madam Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. 
I would like to thank the gentlewoman from New Hampshire for offering this measure, which will ensure that the concerns of our Nation’s veteranowned businesses are represented on the small business advisory board this legislation creates. 
Madam Chairman, our Nation’s veterans heroically put their lives on the line for this country. And when they come home and decide to start a small business, they are carrying forth that patriotic duty by taking another risk for the betterment of our Nation. 
Just as our Nation has a responsibility to care for those who return from battle, we too have a duty to ensure those who have served in our Armed Forces have a voice at the table, in whatever vocation they enter. 
unique needs of servicemembers, veterans, and their families by creating an office targeted to address their needs. Likewise, small businesses owned by veterans comprise a subset of our Nation’s economic backbone that should not be ignored. This amendment ensures that the CFPB is made aware of their views, perspectives, and interests in the same manner as all smallbusiness owners. 
But Madam Chairman, while I support this amendment and believe in its goals, I remain strongly opposed to the underlying bill, which would impose cuts to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and would set a precedent that could ultimately lead to a time when the Nation’s leading consumer advocate is cashstrapped, underfunded, and financially unable to ensure that the views of veteran business owners—or any other business owners— are appropriately taken into account. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Madam Chair, I 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. GUINTA ) having assumed the chair, Ms. 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA CONCERNING PEACEFUL USES OF NUCLEAR ENERGY— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–28) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
The proposed Agreement has been negotiated in accordance with the Act and other applicable law. In my judgment, it meets all applicable statutory requirements and will advance the nonproliferation and other foreign policy interests of the United States. 
on a mutual commitment to nuclear nonproliferation. It would permit the transfer of material, equipment (including reactors), components, information, and technology for nuclear research and nuclear power production. It does not permit transfers of any Restricted Data. Transfers of sensitive 
nuclear technology, sensitive nuclear facilities, and major critical components of such facilities may only occur if the Agreement is amended to cover such transfers. In the event of termination, key nonproliferation conditions and controls continue with respect to material, equipment, and components subject to the Agreement. 
The proposed Agreement would obligate the United States and China to work together to enhance their efforts to familiarize commercial entities in their respective countries about the requirements of the Agreement as well as national export controls and policies applicable to exports and imports subject to the Agreement. It would have a term of 30 years from the date of its entry into force. Either party may terminate the proposed Agreement on at least 1 year’s written notice to the other party. 
party to several nonproliferation treaties and conventions and worked to bring its domestic export control authorities in line with international standards. China joined the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 1992 as a nuclear weapon state, brought into force an Additional Protocol to its International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards agreement in 2002, and joined the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 2004. China is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which establishes international standards of physical protection for use, storage, and transport of nuclear material, and has ratified the 2005 Amendment to the Convention. A more detailed discussion of China’s civil nuclear program and its nuclear nonproliferation policies and practices, including its nuclear export policies and practices, is provided in the NPAS and in two classified annexes to the NPAS submitted to you separately. As noted above, the Director of National Intelligence will provide an addendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of China with respect to nuclearrelated matters. 
I have considered the views and recommendations of the interested departments and agencies in reviewing the proposed Agreement and have determined that its performance will promote, and will not constitute an unreasonable risk to, the common defense and security. Accordingly, I have approved the proposed Agreement and authorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favorable consideration. 
submittal for purposes of both sections 123 b. and 123 d. of the Act. My Administration is prepared to begin immediately the consultations with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee as provided in section 123 b. Upon completion of the 30 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 b., the 60 days of continuous session review provided for in section 123 d. shall commence. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 25) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 410, nays 0, not voting 21, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barton Brady (TX) Butterfield DesJarlais Duffy Fincher Graves (MO) Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Hurd (TX) Jackson Lee Neal Nolan Nugent Olson Ribble 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. 
Stated for: Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
162 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name from H.R. 707. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Recently, the Pennsylvania State University Agricultural Extension honored Anna ‘‘Mickey’’ Peters for her more than half century of volunteerism to Penn State Extension’s 4–H volunteer youth program. 
Mickey, who, last year, was inducted into the National Association of Extension 4–H Agents Hall of Fame. This honor was only granted to 14 individuals from across the Nation who best embodied the award motto: ‘‘Making the Best Better.’’ Mickey was the sole recipient from Pennsylvania. 
wife and mother of four has been a mentor and a trainer, exhibiting outstanding citizenship and leadership. Mickey has been recognized through numerous awards, including the National 4–H Salute to Excellence award, the President’s Volunteer Service Award, and the Centre County Council of Human Services Extension award. During her years with the Extension, Mickey has worked with over 500 members and has mentored over 30 4–H leaders. 
continues to help us all understand that every person has the best within himself and that we all have the capacity to make the best better. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
marks the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II. 
America’s rebalance to the AsiaPacific region, and I really believe that further cooperation between the United States, Japan, and Korea will play a pivotal role towards peace and prosperity throughout the world. 
Abe will make a historic visit to Capitol Hill as the first ever Japanese Prime Minister to deliver an address to a joint session of Congress. That address must be honest. That address has to address Japan’s wartime history. It has to honestly address Japan’s atrocities and enslavement of thousands of women who have been forced to work as sex slaves, or comfort women. 
To ignore past atrocities, Mr. Speaker, is to ensure a very troubling future. These wounds need to be closed, and they need to be healed. Prime Minister Abe can attain that closure, can attain that healing by exposing those wounds to the light of the truth—and an apology. I am hopeful that he will do this on this floor when he addresses us next week. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
support legislation that will benefit American manufacturers, farmers, and workers. 
By passing Trade Promotion Authority, we can establish fair and strong rules that hold other nations accountable for their unfair trade practices, and we can tear down the barriers that block our goods from foreign markets. 
that we can get the best deal available from our trading partners that will benefit hardworking Americans. Studies have shown that jobs supported by trade earn, on average, more than 18 percent more than other jobs. In Minnesota, 775,000 jobs are connected to 
trade. We can build and improve on that by lowering regulatory barriers 
world’s consumers living outside of the United States, we need to create a system of fair rules and enforcement so that American products and services are able to compete on a level playing field. 
to enact meaningful trade deals that will build a stronger and a healthier economy, and it begins with TPA. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Cyber Week in the House again. Tomorrow and Thursday, the House will be considering two very important pieces of informationsharing legislation, and I commend the leadership of the Intelligence and the Homeland Security Committees for their bills. 
As cochair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus, I am glad that the House is, once again, taking the lead to protect our networks—both public and private—from attack as well as looking to protect privacy and civil liberties. I am also hopeful that, unlike in the last two Congresses, my colleagues in the other Chamber, in the Senate, will take up their proposals so that we can get a bill on the President’s desk. 
codify an informationsharing framework so that we can turn our attention to other challenges in the cyber domain. From data breach to critical infrastructure protection, our ever more connected world ensures that there will be a further demand for congressional action. 
of the committees for their attention to this issue. 
HONORING THE BRAVERY OF WILLIAM RAMIREZ AND OFFICER ROSNY OBAS 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to shine the spotlight on a Miami constituent who courageously risked his life for a stranger. 
William Ramirez witnessed Miami Police Officer Rosny Obas become pinned down under a hail of gunfire. Mr. Ramirez bravely swerved his van into the line of fire to shield Officer Obas, then was able to get the officer to safety. 
I say William Ramirez is a hero. South Florida is blessed by the service of patrolmen like Officer Obas, who 
work every day to keep us safe, and we 
are further strengthened by residents like William Ramirez, who sometimes add heroic action to their everyday routines because it is simply the right thing to do. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to speak about the importance of the ambitious investment in water infrastructure in every community across our great Nation. 
I recently wrapped up a tour of several water systems in upstate New York, and what I saw was infrastructure in urgent need of attention—broken pipes, flooded communities, and a lack of technical support for our municipalities. I have spoken with colleagues on both sides of the aisle here in the House, and I have heard similar problems. 
eye on our debt and on our deficits, both current and those years down the road. To that end, we must realize that investment is needed now to save dollars in the decades to come. We live in a world in which we upgrade our phones, our TVs, our cars, and other personal items almost every 2 years. It is time to apply that same mentality to the delivery systems that move around our most precious commodity— water. 
To my colleagues who haven’t already done so, I urge them to get involved in this issue within their own communities because it is not just H20 flooding out of those broken pipes just under our feet; it is water plus taxpayer dollars—hardearned taxpayer dollars. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, last week, we saw disturbing news of two TSA screeners who allegedly conspired to sexually assault passengers. This was not the first we have heard about screeners exceeding their authority to abuse passengers. We have read about the patdowns and strip searches of young children, senior citizens, and cancer patients. Instead of reining in screeners, TSA has unilaterally given them the appearance of even greater authority—metal badges, blue uniforms, and the title of ‘‘officer.’’ 
When you dress someone up like a policeman and call him ‘‘officer,’’ you are misleading passengers about his actual authority. Most people see a badge and a uniform, and they comply with the screener’s demands even when those demands are abusive. That has to end. I have introduced the Stopping TSA 
Abuses Act to prohibit the TSA from giving screeners metal badges, police like uniforms, and the title ‘‘officer.’’ It reserves those rights for sworn officers who have actually completed law enforcement training. 
Federal badge and uniform, you should have the faith that he actually has received the proper training. This bill is an important step towards that goal. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor Mayor A. George Pradel of the city of Naperville, Illinois. 
Pradel has spent his life in service to the community that he loves. 
Naperville, and after a 3year detour in the Marine Corps, he returned home to become a police officer. Known around town as ‘‘Officer Friendly,’’ he served on the force for 30 years. One of his proudest achievements during his time as an officer was the dedication of Safety Town, a miniature town that teaches children about public safety and how to avoid danger. 
served as mayor for a recordsetting 20 years, during a time of great expansion and growth for the city. The mayor has led Naperville with his signature mix of charm and compassion. His annual tradition of delivering the State of the City Address in a tuxedo and silk tophat will certainly be missed. 
Mayor Pradel is also a devoted husband to his beloved wife, Pat, and is a dedicated father to his children and foster children. 
spend time with your family, know that your dedication to the community and know that your energy and enthusiasm for serving Naperville will never be forgotten. 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
very special day for us Texans. Today, we celebrate San Jacinto Day, which marks the day Texas won its independence at the Battle of San Jacinto. 
Houston’s army decisively defeated Mexican President Santa Anna and his forces at the Battle of San Jacinto while famously shouting, ‘‘Remember the Alamo. Remember the Goliad.’’ 
and proud to represent this historic battlefield, which now lays home to the San Jacinto Monument. This monument is a staggering and stunning piece of architecture that proudly pays 
tribute to Texas’ victory at the Battle of San Jacinto. Since its completion in 1939, the San Jacinto Monument has served as a symbol of pride, sacrifice, and honor to not only Texas but also to our local community. 
let us remember the brave Texas heroes who conquered the Mexican forces at the Battle of San Jacinto on this day. 
May we also remember the significant sacrifices made by so many during the Texas Revolution to achieve the freedoms and liberties that we proudly enjoy today in the Lone Star State. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
United States continues to work with Japan to promote peace and prosperity throughout the AsiaPacific region and the broader global community, it is my hope that Prime Minister Abe’s visit next week will lay the foundation for healing and humble reconciliation by addressing the historical issue of the comfort women. 
Prime Minister for Japan is a close friend and ally, as is South Korea. We want to encourage our close friends and allies to communicate and to foster an ability to work together productively. 
resolutions in the United States Congress to urge the Japanese Government to formally acknowledge and apologize for their Imperial Military’s coercion of young women into sexual slavery during the thirties and forties. The recognition of these events by the Japanese Government, through the report released last year on the Kono Statement, takes a step backward in taking full responsibility for the immeasurable pain and incurable wounds suffered by the comfort women. 
Human Rights Caucus, I will continue to work every day to ensure that our children and our children’s children will inherit a world where these types of atrocities are a thing of the past. 
be speaking in a little while, has kept this hope alive. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, as a Veterans’ Affairs Committee member, tomorrow we will have a hearing on the abuses at the Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Regional Office. We are going to hear a lot about 
want to talk about one individual constituent just to highlight that we are talking about individual lives, individual veterans, who have sacrificed and who have not been treated fairly by the VA regional office. 
My constituent has had to file numerous claims for serviceconnected disabilities. His initial claim was filed in the mid1990s, and he has gone through five appeals. He has provided additional evidence per the VA’s request and has followed their wishes in responding in a timely manner. However, per a court order by the Veterans’ Appeals to handle my constituent’s case in an expeditious manner, the Philadelphia VA failed to respond until well after 6 months. 
The Philadelphia VA failed to provide the Lebanon VA medical doctor’s copies of his records for his C&P exams, further holding up his claims. On two occasions, once for an asbestos claim and another for his hearing loss claim, he was seen by a doctor who had to rely on his explanation of diagnosis instead of on his actual file. 
Many times, the VA has miscalculated his disability ratings, and due to the VA’s lack of timeliness, his claims have been subjected to denials because of errors made by the Philadelphia VA’s intake units concerning the misplacement of documentation, medical records, and ignoring requests by the Court and Veterans’ Appeals Boards. It is time for accountability. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Members who are asking that the Prime Minister of Japan try to restore the integrity that has been built up to this great nation since the war. 
know, history will dictate that people are not particularly proud of what viciousness can come out of physical combat. Without getting into the years of occupation that Japan has caused so many Koreans to suffer before the end of World War II, we now have found that these two nations have rebuilt themselves into being our strongest security and trading partners, and so we should remove the stigma of lack of credibility from the Government of Japan. 
Certainly I think that most Americans who remember Pearl Harbor, Corregidor, and Bataan—I was a kid, but all I knew was that the Japanese had attacked us. I can’t begin to tell you the visions that they tried to have us have. But today they are our friends. Let’s try to get this behind us and move forward. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1560, PROTECTING CYBER NETWORKS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1731, NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PROTECTION ADVANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–88) on the resolution (H. Res. 212) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multidirectional sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. HONDA ) is recognized for 60 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to address the ongoing horror and nightmare that is violence against women. Whether in times of conflict or disaster, too often we see the worst battles fought on women and girls’ bodies. 
to recognize one woman who has survived unspeakable violence. She is a survivor. At 87 years old, she traveled all the way from South Korea. Her name is Lee YongSoo, known to everyone as Grandmother Lee. She has become the voice of justice, peace, and reconciliation. 
Tasegu, Korea, was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older Japanese man. The man took the two of them and three other teenaged girls by train, then ship to Taiwan. There, the girls were forced into sexual slavery, serving four to five Japanese soldiers every day for a year. 
Ms. Lee suffered beatings and torture, was infected with venereal disease, was fed paltry amounts, faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body, and was never allowed outside. Only the end of World War II brought her relief. Ms. Lee is just one example of the 
over 200,000 women from Korea, China, the Philippines, Burma, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, Indonesia, and East Timor who were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II. 
These socalled comfort women suffered serious physical, emotional, and psychological damages as a result of their ordeal. Of her 200,000 sisters, Grandmother Lee is but one out of a handful of survivors across Asia Pacific still alive. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right when she reportedly called these victims, rather than ‘‘comfort women,’’ ‘‘sex slaves.’’ 
Shinzo Abe addresses a joint meeting of Congress next week on April 29, he has the opportunity to do right by these women. He can make a full, unequivocal, and formal apology on behalf of the Japanese Government. 
historic one. He will be the first Japanese Prime Minister to address a joint meeting of Congress. He will address this institution on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II and the 50th anniversary of the normalization between Korea and Japan. 
hallowed Chamber, where President Roosevelt delivered an address to our body as America entered war. There is much to be expected and anticipated in next week’s address. 
The New York Times, the success of Prime Minister Abe’s visit ‘‘depends on whether and how honestly Mr. Abe confronts Japan’s wartime history, including its decision to wage war, its brutal occupation of China and Korea, its atrocities and its enslavement of thousands of women forced to work as sex slaves or ‘comfort women’ in wartime brothels.’’ 
Representatives sent a profound message to the Government of Japan by passing H. Res. 121, which I authored. The resolution stated: 
‘‘That it is the sense of the House of 
apologize, and accept historical responsibility in a clear and unequivocal manner for its Imperial Armed Forces’ coercion of young women into sexual slavery, known to the world as comfort women, during its colonial and wartime occupation of Asia and the Pacific Islands from the 1930s through the duration of World War II; 
questions about the sincerity and status of prior statements if the Prime Minister of Japan were to make such an apology as a public statement in his official capacity; 
has made important and appreciated efforts to face its history. In 1993, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono issued a statement saying the Japanese military was involved in establishing the comfort stations. He said the women girls, really from Korea and elsewhere, had been recruited against their own will. This was based upon many documents. 
anniversary of the end of World War II, then Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama admitted Japan’s ‘‘colonial rule and aggression caused tremendous damage and suffering to the people of many countries, particularly to those of Asian nations. 
made in the future, I regard, in a spirit of humility, these irrefutable facts of history, and express here once again my feelings of deep remorse and state my heartfelt apology.’’ 
Prime Minister, he unleashed an international firestorm of criticism when he undermined the 1993 Kono Statement, incorrectly alleging that no documentary evidence existed of Japan’s complicity in setting up and running the comfort women stations. 
There was, in fact, plenty of evidence, including the extensive personal testimonies of the survivors, who spoke of being raped 10, 20, up to 50 times per day. In addition, many international bodies have issued recommendations and conclusions on Japan’s history and actions. 
evaluates Japan’s compliance with the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment expressed concern regarding inadequate remedies for the victims of sexual slavery and violence, particularly survivors of Japan’s military sexual slavery practice during World War II. 
that Japan ‘‘provide education to address the discriminatory roots of sexual and genderbased violence violations, and provide rehabilitation measures to the victims.’’ 
Japan’s implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights concluded that Japan 
should ‘‘accept legal responsibility and apologize unreservedly for the ‘comfort women’ system . . . and take immediate and effective legislative and administrative measures to adequately compensate all survivors . . . educate students and the general public about the issue, and to refute and sanction any attempts to defame the victims or deny the events.’’ Talking about educating students, 
the books, the textbooks in Japan, still do not address the history of the military action in Asia during World War II. 
many countries followed suit and passed their own resolutions: Taiwan, Canada, Netherlands, the European Union, and South Korea. 
important right now than for a democratic country like Japan to apologize for its past mistakes. A government is a living, breathing organism that is responsible for its past, present, and its future. Yet, as The New York Times editorial said, ‘‘history should have been settled. That it is not settled is largely the fault of Mr. Abe and his rightwing political allies who keep questioning history and even trying to rewrite it.’’ 
House colleagues, wrote to the Ambassador of Japan to the U.S., calling the timing and context of the Japanese Government report on the Kono Statement regrettable, unfortunate, unacceptable, and destabilizing. 
Also, last year, the Abe administration tried and then failed to get the United Nations to partially retract the authoritative 1996 report, which called on Japan to apologize to the victims and pay reparations to the survivors who had been forced into sex slavery during the war. 
Government tried unsuccessfully to change passages in a history textbook about the comfort women during World War II. I believe the budget of Japan Prime Minister Abe was able to secure almost half a billion dollars to effect that kind of change wherever they deemed necessary. 
Now, some say that Japan has apologized enough and it is time to move on. To those people I would say, given these continued revisionist attempts, for every step forward toward peace and reconciliation, the Government of Japan takes two steps backwards. Enough is enough. Seventy years later, it is time for Prime Minister Abe to be clear and unequivocal and issue an irrefutable apology, something that carries the weight of his government. 
Merkel has urged Prime Minister Abe to face Japan’s history. Germany knows something about this. After World War II, it engaged in a painful national coming to terms with the past that ripped open old wounds so that they could properly heal. 
In 1970, on a cold and wet day in Warsaw, thenGerman Chancellor Willy Brandt laid down a wreath at the memorial of the Jewish ghetto. Then he fell to his knees in front of the memorial. As a reporter who witnessed this event wrote later: 
for the crime, who wasn’t there in those years, now decides to walk through the former Warsaw ghetto and to kneel down—then it’s clear he 
doesn’t kneel there for his own sake . . . he confesses a guilt that he doesn’t have to carry, and he asks for a forgiveness that he himself doesn’t need. Then he kneels there for Germany.’’ 
Lee and the hundreds of thousands of souls of the departed continue to wait for their justice and peace. 
As someone who was put into an internment camp as an infant, I know firsthand that governments must not be ignorant of their pasts. 
country, my government, put aside the constitutional rights of Japanese Americans and systematically incarcerated thousands of us—120,000. We were U.S. citizens, but we also looked like the enemy. 
American community, fought for an apology from our own government. In 1988, Congress passed and President Ronald Reagan signed into law H.R. 442, the Civil Liberties Act of 1988. This was a formal apology to United States citizens of Japanese ancestry who were unjustly put into internment camps during World War II. Our government made a mistake, but they apologized for it and healed many wounds as a result. 
still warmed my heart to hear my government say, ‘‘We’re sorry.’’ Japan must now do the same. They must show the maturity of a democratic country, apologize for their mistake, and thereby gain the trust of their sister Asian nations. 
today. According to the World Health Organization, women aged 15 to 44 are more at risk from rape and domestic violence than cancer, car accidents, war, and malaria. 
Registration of War and Genocide Crime in BosniaHerzegovina had documented 40,000 cases of warrelated rape. Of a sample of Rwandan women surveyed in 1999, 39 percent reported being raped during the 1994 genocide, and 72 percent said they knew someone who had been raped. 
Albanian women are believed to have been raped between August 1998 and August 1999, the height of the conflict with Serbia. 
In 2003, 74 percent of a random sample of 399 Liberian refugee women living in camps in Sierra Leone reported being sexually abused prior to being displaced from their homes in Liberia. Fiftyfive percent of them experienced sexual violence during displacement. 
Democratic Republic of Congo as the ‘‘rape capital of the world.’’ There are rape camps that are destroying the lives of babies, young people—boys and girls—and women and men. In the DRC, 48 women are raped every hour. 
Human Rights Watch report, the extremist group ISIL has carried out systematic rape and other sexual violence against Yazidi women and girls in northern Iraq. 
Yazidi civilians into custody in northern Iraq’s province in August 2014, according to Kurdistan officials and community leaders. Witnesses said that fighters systematically separated young women and girls from their families and other captives and moved them from one location to another inside Iraq and Syria. 
Rights Watch interviewed had escaped between September 2014 and January 2015. Half, including two 12yearold girls, said they had been raped—some multiple times and by several ISIS fighters. Nearly all of them said they had been forced into marriage; sold—in some cases, a number of times; or given as ‘‘gifts.’’ The women and girls also witnessed other captives being abused. Violence against women must stop. 
Today, there are fewer than 100 surviving Comfort Women women across the Asia Pacific. Each year, this number declines. The survivors are dying by the day. They deserve the justice that has been due to them for the past 70 years. They deserve the justice that has been denied them. These women want and deserve an official apology. 
Haksun, she brought to light her story of being a sex slave to the Japanese Imperial Army. Her story was the spark that ignited the flames of justice. 
survivors, such as Grandmother Lee, who continues to be a voice for the voiceless. We also have the courage of Ms. Jan Ruff O’Herne, who now resides in Australia. 
former Dutch East Indies, known today as Indonesia. When she was 19 years old, Japanese troops invaded Java. They were interned in Japanese prison camps. 
along with several other girls, and was told by the Japanese military that they were there for the sexual pleasure of the Japanese military. 
2007 House Foreign Affairs hearing on Protecting the Human Rights of Comfort Women, a Japanese officer ran his sword all over her body and forced himself on her. 
girls—endured is unimaginable. That is why my patience for securing justice for the dignity of these victims is running out. 
session of Congress is an honor that is reserved for the heads of state of our closest allies. It is my sincere hope that, for Ms. O’Herne’s sake, for Kim Haksun’s sake, for Grandmother Lee’s sake, Prime Minister Abe will take the privilege to address the joint meeting of Congress and finally and firmly 
apologize and commit to educating the future generations honestly and humbly. The spirit of these women—these girls—deserves no less. 
Grandmother Lee’s comments when she testified before our subcommittee in 2007. She said: 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my deep concern for women around the world who are targeted victims of violence. It is estimated that 1 out of every 3 women around the world will be beaten, coerced into sex, or otherwise abused in her lifetime. Women in areas of conflict are in even more danger. We know that rape and sexual assault are tools of war used around the world to terrorize entire communities. Displaced, refugee and stateless women are at an increased risk of violence, and they are often forced to exchange sex for food and humanitarian supplies. These tactics are not new, they have been used as tools of war throughout the centuries and these despicable practices have been ignored for far too long. 
Grandmother Yong Soo Lee, a courageous survivor of war. In the 1930s and 1940s, women and girls were forced to provide sexual services for Japanese soldiers. These women are known as comfort women, and Grandmother Lee is one of the few remaining survivors still alive. 
mistakes in the past. At one time or another, each country has had to apologize for actions unbefitting its values and principles. 
Since the end of World War II, Japan has 
been one of the United States’ most important allies and we have enjoyed a successful partnership based on respect and cooperation. However, the historical record on comfort women must be universally accepted, without wavering on the horrific details. 
Kono apologized to the victims and admitted responsibility by the Japanese military. Despite this apology, in the past twelve years, government officials have made statements that seem to call the Kono Statement into question. These discrepancies are an impediment to a successful trilateral relationship between the United States, Japan, and the Republic of Korea. Prime Minster Shinzo Abe’s scheduled address to a joint meeting of Congress next week is a landmark moment for U.S.Japan relations. I look forward to hearing Prime Minister Abe speak and it is my hope 
he uses this opportunity to clarify any remarks that have been interpreted as a revocation of the Kono Statement. 
Congressman HONDA for hosting this very important Special Order this evening. 
experienced significant shortterm and long term impacts related to the violence and were more likely to experience PostTraumatic Stress Disorder and longterm chronic diseases such as asthma and diabetes. Every year in the United States, 1,000 to 
1,600 women die at the hands of their male partners, often after a long, escalating pattern of battering. 
former or current husband, intimate partner or boyfriend in the State of Texas. 
States is assaulted or beaten by stalkers or her partner. 
fastestgrowing business of organized crime and the thirdlargest criminal enterprise in the world. 
risk of becoming victims of sex trafficking annually in what is estimated to be a $9.8 billion industry. 
the estimated 20.9 million victims of forced labor worldwide and 98 per cent of the estimated 4.5 million forced into sexual exploitation. 
the past atrocity of the crimes that were committed towards the Korean women. 
The ‘‘comfort women’’ system of forced military prostitution by the Government of Japan, considered unprecedented in its cruelty and magnitude, included gang rape, forced abortions, humiliation, and sexual violence resulting in mutilation, death, or eventual suicide in one of the largest cases of human trafficking in the 20th century. 
There are about 200,000 women are estimated to have worked as comfort women in Japan’s military brothels. 
taboo and controversial topic, just like other violent crimes committed to women. 
These women are not victims but also survivors, survivors from a brutal crime. 
is made greater by accountability, for actions present, but also past. 
It’s much harder to get tomorrow right if we 
Today, we call on to the Japanese government to apologize to the few women who continue to live with the shame of the crimes committed against them. 
ABRAHAM ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
today is April 21, 2015. April 21 is an important day. It is an important day not 
world history. But it is more important to my mother. Because today, Mr. Speaker, my mother is 90 years young. 
April 21 was a holiday. We did not go to school on April 21 in Houston. And my mother told me the reason we did not go to school was because it was her birthday and everybody got off from school on her birthday. 
still says that is the reason we get off— but it wasn’t until I took fourthgrade Texas history that I learned there was another reason why April 21 was an important day and a holiday. It is called San Jacinto Day, Mr. Speaker. 
history that occurred on April 21, 1836—179 years ago. That was the day that the Battle of San Jacinto took place on the marshy plains where Buffalo Bayou meets the San Jacinto River, near the Gulf of Mexico, in a place that we now call Harrisburg, which is near Houston, Texas. It was a battle that was successful for liberty and freedom for people who lived in Texas. 
by Sam Houston defeating the invading Mexican army led by Santa Anna. And I will get back to that in a moment. I think it is important, though, we have a little history lesson so we understand why this battle for freedom is so important to all people who believe in freedom. 
lot of folks. The French claimed Texas. Of course, the Comanches, the Apaches, and a lot of other Native American tribes claimed Texas—and wanted Texas. 
great number of years. From 1690 to about 1821, Texas as we know it was part of Spain. In fact, we still have Spanish land grants in Texas, where people own land that they can trace back to the Spanish when they controlled Texas. 
Spanish Texas and Spanish Mexico, if you will—decided they wanted independence from Spain. So, Mexico as we now know it had their war of independence from the European power of Spain, and they were successful in defeating the Spanish and declaring independence and becoming a democratic republic south of the border called the Republic of Mexico. That was 1821. Texas was a part of that revolution and that rebellion. Texans fought in those battles. 
when a person by the name of Santa Anna took over the Presidency of Mexico—a republic, a democracy—and made himself a military dictator. He abolished the Constitution—dictators have a habit of doing that, even to this day—dismissed the assembly or Congress, and he was in total control of Mexico. Now, this did not set well with people 
in Mexico, which includes what we now know as Texas. 
Here is a map of the region in about 
the time of 1821 to 1836. This portion here was Texas. It was part of another state in Mexico called Coahuila. 
When dictator Santa Anna took control of this entire area, 11 of the states rebelled. They wanted their own independence from their dictator, who destroyed the democracy, or the democratic Republic of Mexico. 
some were somewhat successful. The Republic of Yucatan lasted for a while, went back to Mexico, gained independence again, and was a republic for about 7 years in the 1840s, and then joined Mexico again. 
I will put in the RECORD the names of 
those states—that wanted independence from Mexico, to go their own way, and some were more successful than others. 
his army. He went through Mexico, retaking this land, putting down the rebellion of all of the individuals who were trying to be independent from the Mexican dictator. 
he moved across the Rio Grande River, where those Texans were causing the same type of controversy of wanting freedom and independence. And what started the actual fighting between the people of Texas—and they were of all races. Tejanos is a special unique name of Texans of Spanish or Mexican birth. Tejanos, Anglos, and Blacks in that area wanted independence. Not all, but many of them did. And there was a controversy, and there were political disputes with the Mexican government. But what set it all off occurred in a small, little town of Gonzales, Texas. 
In Gonzales, Texas, they had a cannon. It wasn’t really much of a cannon, but it was a cannon. And it was to protect themselves from the Karankawas, the Apaches, and other folks. 
they were going over to take that cannon away from the settlers. The settlers objected. They said, You can’t have it. They made themselves a flag that said, ‘‘Come and take it.’’ We still have that flag. ‘‘Come and take it.’’ It had a cannon with the words ‘‘Come and take it.’’ 
The settlers have a skirmish with the Mexican military. Shots were fired. I don’t think anybody was really hurt too bad, but the Mexican Army retreated. They left Gonzalez, but they left without the cannon. 
Texas war of independence started because government tried to take the firearms, the weapons, the guns of the people. If you recall American history, Mr. Speaker, which I know you know quite well, there is a little place called Lexington and Concord, up in Massachusetts, where the British tried to take the guns from the colonists, to take the guns from the armory at Lexington and Concord. The colonists objected. 
started the American war of independence, successful just like the Texas war of independence was successful, but the fighting started when the government showed up to take the weapons of the settlers. 
took place. The fighting was on. Texans moved into Bexar, which is now San Antonio, which was the central city in the Republic, or in Texas, and took that away from the Mexican military that was there, ran them out of town, and that was toward December of 1835. 
Then we get to early part of 1836, and 
this part of history is what most Americans are aware of: Santa Anna now is coming across the Rio Grande River with his three armies to retake Texas and make it part of Mexico again, as he had done with these other rebellious states in Mexico. 
He showed up at a little place, a beat 
up old Spanish church that was over 100 years old at the time, in February of 1836. We call it the Alamo, the cradle of Texas liberty. 
San Antonio, if you will, same place— were 187 Texas volunteers. Now, most of them were not from Texas. In fact, the only natives there were the Tejanos. Eleven Tejanos fought in the Texas revolution at the Alamo, but they were from all the States, 13 foreign countries, and of all races, volunteers, led by my favorite person—William Barret Travis, a South Carolina lawyer—came to Texas; and he is 27, the commander of the Alamo. 
Santa Anna’s army, historians disagree on how many thousands there were, but there were a lot of them; and, after 13 days—we all know the rest of the story. After 13 days of holding the Mexican Army at bay and Santa Anna, Santa Anna was able to breach the walls and kill all of the defenders, all the volunteers at the Alamo. 
in Texas started moving from that direction of central Texas towards the east, towards Louisiana. It is called the Runaway Scrape. 
Mexican armies have invaded Texas and are coming after the settlers in that portion of the State, that portion of Texas—so Sam Houston, who had already come to Texas, was building an army to fight and defend the State of Texas and to fight and defend, from the invaders, Texas liberty. He was building this army. 
Sam Houston was famous in his own right before he made it to Texas. He was from Tennessee. He was an attorney general, Member of Congress— twice elected to Congress—and Governor of Tennessee. 
and came back to Washington, Mr. Speaker, and advocated on behalf of the Cherokee Indians who he was living with in what is now Oklahoma. 
Congressman named Stanbery. Stanbery had impugned the integrity of Sam Houston, and Sam Houston didn’t like that. That conversation, apparently, by Stanbery occurred on this House floor. 
out of his home, his dwelling over here on Pennsylvania Avenue, and he sees Stanbery. Sam Houston carried a cane. You may see the pictures of Sam Houston with his cane. Sam Houston comes upon—I get all choked up telling the story, Mr. Speaker. 
He is walking down the street. Sam Houston, remembering the bad things that Stanbery said about him on the House floor, and he starts to thrash Stanbery with his cane, beats him pretty bad. 
of his vest. He pokes the pistol in Sam Houston’s chest and pulls the trigger. The gun misfired; and, therefore, Sam Houston lived. He was tried on this House floor for demeaning a Member of Congress. The Supreme Court sat in judgment of him. The trial lasted a month. Sam Houston took the House floor and talked over a full day, defending himself. 
After the trial was over, Sam Houston was found guilty, ordered to pay a $500 fine for demeaning a Member of Congress. Sam Houston was represented by Francis Scott Key—yes, the same lawyer that wrote our Star Spangled Banner. 
deal with Congress anymore and Mr. Stanbery, he left Washington and ended up in Texas and became a political figure there. They loved Sam Houston when he came to Texas. They didn’t care about his troubles here in Washington, D.C., and he was made general of the Texas Army. 
Barret Travis, the commander, they were all killed. Sam Houston builds his army, and he is ready to defend Texas 
That brings us to April 21. Sam Houston did not engage Santa Anna quickly. In fact, he kept moving east. He got as close as he could to Louisiana, and then he moved south, down towards the Gulf of Mexico. Santa Anna is chasing him. 
those marshy plains of San Jacinto, where Buffalo Bayou meets the San Jacinto River—Santa Anna’s army, about 1,800; Houston’s army, 700, 800— outnumbered. 
yet to be defeated, in all those battles in Mexico, Alamo, a place called Goliad, where Santa Anna killed all the Texas defenders, yet to be defeated. Sam Houston has yet to fight a battle. They assemble there, April 19, 1836. 
Most battles, even today, are fought when the sun comes up, sunrise; and they were then. They were for thousands of years. Everybody expected battle on April 22 at sunrise, but the Texas Army did not want to wait, so on the afternoon of April 21, there was a council of war. Sam Houston decided that now is as good a time as any. 
Santa Anna’s army, but it is in the afternoon. Many of the soldiers in Santa Anna’s army were taking a siesta. 
occupied with a mixedrace lady by the name of Emily Morgan. She was keeping him busy during this time. I don’t know if that is true or not. We believe it is true. We named buildings after Emily Morgan. We call her the Yellow Rose of Texas. We still honor ladies in Texas by calling them the yellow rose. 
But anyway, so he is busy. The Texans line up in one column. There weren’t a lot of them; there were only 700 or 800 of them. They didn’t have uniforms. They were wearing buckskins and frontier clothes. They have bowie knives and pistols in their belts, tomahawks, rifles. 
cavalry are riding the flanks, protecting the flanks, also didn’t have uniforms. So that the Texans would not mistake them for the enemy, Juan Sequin had all of his cavalry put in their sombreros, their hats, a playing card so they would know that these are the good guys and they wouldn’t mistake them for the enemy. 
you can imagine this, this oddlooking bunch of folks. Leading them was a fife guy—a fifer, on a fife—another person carrying a flag. It was Miss Liberty that they were carrying the flag of. 
Miss Liberty was a partially nude female with the word ‘‘liberty’’ written across her. The fifer, he only knew one song. It was called ‘‘Come to the Bower.’’ The Bower was a house of ill repute, so he is playing this house of ill repute song on his fife, and the Texas Army is marching down the hill, ready. 
scouts, no lookouts, no one is watching; and they charge in broad daylight in the middle of the afternoon, when battles are never fought. 
Mexican Army was caught by surprise. In 18 minutes, a lot shorter time than I have already talked, Mr. Speaker, the battle started, and it was ended. Half the Mexican Army was killed, the other half captured. More were captured than were in the Texas Army. Texas casualties, nine were killed. The enemy was caught by total surprise. They were caught fleeing. 
took off his fancy general, Presidential uniform and put on the uniform of a Mexican private, but he was caught, and he was brought to Sam Houston, who happened to be one of the few that were wounded. He was shot in the 
Anna right there from the closest oak tree. Sam Houston was not about to have a lynching of the enemy leader, and he held him for bargaining power later, to get a better deal for Texas independence. 
the Alamo, all volunteers, they came from every place. They were of all races. They came from several foreign countries. They came from many of the States. One was from Rhode Island, another from Vermont; several were from New York. 
in Texas’ independence, at the Alamo and at San Jacinto, but from most of the States and, as I said, foreign countries as well. 
that year, on March 2, 1836, about 6 weeks before the Battle of San Jacinto, declared independence from Mexico. And it was won. It was successful on April 21, 1836, which we call San Jacinto Day today. 
After that battle was over with, military historians say it was one of the most decisive battles in Western Hemisphere history because of the massive amount of land that changed hands because of one battle. 
can see what modernday Texas looks like right through here, this area. Texas not only claimed what is now modernday Texas, but it claimed parts of Oklahoma, New Mexico, Colorado, Kansas, and all the way up to Wyoming. 
April of 1836. This land was all claimed by Texas. Texas established a constitution, a government, and became an independent, free nation that lasted for 9 years. Sam Houston, of course, was the President of the Republic of Texas and got elected twice to the Republic of Texas. 
lasted for 9 years, and then the majority of Texans wanted to join the United States. It was not an easy task. Many people in the United States didn’t want Texas in the Union. 
into the Union was a treaty because Texas was a country. The United States is a country. There would be a treaty, and Texas would come in as a State. As we know, those folks down the hallway in the Senate, it takes twothirds of them to approve a treaty. 
United States would never have approved Texas coming into the Union, so how did Texas become a part of the Union? They changed it to a joint resolution. It just takes a majority vote to get a joint resolution passed in the Senate. So Texas came into the Union 
apparently, a Louisiana Senator changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘yes,’’ and Texas came in under a joint resolution. Thus, the Republic of Texas was no more and became a State in the Union in 1845, in December of 1845. 
was allowed to fly its flag at the same height as the United States flag. If you come to Texas, you will notice there are a lot of Texas flags flying at the same level as the American flag. 
States. We are not going to do that. People would debate who would be called Texas and what would the other four be called. So we are not going to divide into five States. But we have the ability, and we have the right to decide and to divide into five States. 
it was when it came into the Union, what happened to all this land? Well, Texas had mounted a lot of debt and, to pay off its debt to the United States and to its creditors, sold this land to the Federal Government and wiped the slate clean. Therefore, Texas now looks like what we all know it looks like. The rest of that land went to the Union. 
I mentioned and talked to you tonight, Mr. Speaker, about San Jacinto Day, not so much because it is really San Jacinto Day, but about the people who were there 179 years ago. I mentioned there were all types of folks. But similar to our ancestors in the colonial days who said ‘‘no’’ to oppression, they weren’t going to tolerate it. We still have oppression throughout the world. We have governments and dictators, military dictators oppressing their people. A lot of times, they can’t do anything about it, those people. They would like to be free and independent, but they are not. 
Those folks back in 1836 made a decision that it was more important to them to be free than it was to be safe, secure in their own personal life. So they were willing to give their life for freedom. That is not a trite statement. We have had people from all over the United States who have done that since then, have fought for America, fought for liberty, fought for freedom, even for other people. They have sacrificed their lives so that other people can enjoy those words that most people have never enjoyed, ‘‘freedom’’ and ‘‘liberty.’’ 
powerful government shows up, some people have the ability to step up and say: I am not going to take it. I will give up my life so that there can be a free nation. 
1836, on San Jacinto Day, and the ones at the Alamo who all died and the others who died and the ones that fought and lived, sacrificed their land to make sure that freedom rings in our State. 
mentioned that I learned about San Jacinto Day in Texas history. Kids growing up in Texas today have to take 
Texas history twice, in the fourth grade and the seventh grade, where they learn about the history of our State. 
Thirteen Colonies’ history. It received its independence, but it was not from England; it was from a Mexican dictator. 
And we appreciate that. We appreciate those folks—Sam Houston, William Barret Travis, Davy Crockett, Jim Bowie—all those many men and women who sacrificed life and their wellbeing so that we could be an independent nation that tyrants will not rule. They will not be successful. They will be defeated. And we should admire people like that. I think we do here in the House of Representatives and in the United States. We have had people like that in all of our history. That is what makes us a unique nation, because we can go all the way back to the American War for Independence and trace all of the history; and in much of it, the United States was at war and fighting for our liberty, and we thank those people. 
We are still involved in war throughout the world today, the people fighting for America. So we are grateful for them, and we are grateful for those folks—Sam Houston and all of his boys of summer and boys of spring—that fought at the Battle of San Jacinto. 
Texans built a monument similar to the one down the street, the Washington Monument. We have all seen the Washington Monument. If you come to the battlefield of San Jacinto, you will see a similar monument, but it has a big star on the top of it. It is taller than the Washington Monument because it is in Texas, and the star makes it taller than the Washington Monument. 
As a side note, the Texas State capitol is also taller than this Capitol. That was built later. 
monument. We honor them on San Jacinto Day, today. It is not a holiday anymore. Kids don’t get out of school. 
I don’t know if she is watching or not, but she is certainly celebrating her birthday down in Texas. 
So on behalf of those of us here, we 
commend those folks at the Battle of San Jacinto. And I also want to wish my mom a happy birthday on this April 21, 2015. 
And that is just the way it is, Mr. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on account of official business. ADJOURNMENT 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Reserve Affairs, Office of the Assistant Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting 
1216. A letter from the Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office, transmitting a re issued report entitled ‘‘Defense Acquisitions: Assessments of Selected Weapon Programs’’ (GAO15342SP) to reflect changes made to the quantities of one of the programs used in the Office’s calculations; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1222. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Vermont: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions [EPAR01 RCRA20150195; FRL 992654Region 1] received April 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
1233. A letter from the Designee of the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the monthly report to Congress on ‘‘Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’, Pub. L. 85316, for February 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1234. A letter from the Designee of the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the monthly report to Congress on ‘‘Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’, Pub. L. 85316, for January 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1235. A letter from the Designee of the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the monthly report to Congress on ‘‘Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’, Pub. L. 85316, for January 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1236. A letter from the Designee of the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the monthly report to Congress on ‘‘Adjustments of Status Granted Under Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957’’, Pub. L. 85316, for December 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Rules. House Resolution 212. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multidirectional sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–88). Referred to the House Calendar. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 1897. A bill to amend the Federal Land 
Policy and Management Act of 1976 to make technical corrections to law governing grazing permits and leases on National Forest System lands; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BONAMICI , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. B ERA, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. B EYER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T AKANO , and 
in innovation through research and development and STEM education, to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1899. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend to all veterans with a serious serviceconnected injury eligibility to participate in the family caregiver services program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. F LORES , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. S CALISE ): 
H.R. 1901. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to phaseout and repeal the credit for electricity produced from certain renewable resources, to reduce the corporate income tax, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
H.R. 1902. A bill to ban hydraulic fracturing on land owned by the United States and leased to a third party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1903. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 
1930 to eliminate the consumptive demand exception to prohibition on importation of goods made with convict labor, forced labor, or indentured labor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J ONES , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
H.R. 1904. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to award grants to establish, or expand upon, master’s degree or doctoral degree programs in orthotics and prosthetics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
BEYER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J ONES , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
LEVIN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and 
H.R. 1905. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to award grants to fund research on orthotics and prosthetics; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 1906. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to include recreational therapy among the therapy modalities that constitute an intensive rehabilitation therapy program in an inpatient rehabilitation hospital or unit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1907. A bill to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. STIVERS, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. S EWELL of 
EDWARDS , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K ELLY of 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. H AHN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. 
H.R. 1908. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development to discount FHA singlefamily mortgage insurance premium payments for firsttime homebuyers who complete a financial literacy housing counseling program; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1909. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1910. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to convene a panel to solicit recommendations for and select a portrait of a woman to be used in a redesign of the $20 Federal Reserve note; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1911. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase certain veteran funeral benefits; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
companies from requirements relating to the use of Extensible Business Reporting Language for periodic reporting to the Securities and Exchange Commission, and for other 
H.R. 1913. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Treasury to develop guidance and procedures for the recovery of refunds relating to tax return preparer fraud; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
authorities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of Defense to carry out activities relating to the research, development, test, and evaluation and procurement of the David’s Sling weapons program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1916. A bill to reauthorize trade enforcement and trade facilitation functions and activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
NOLAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H IGGINS, and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 1917. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 
1974 to establish congressional procedures for the termination of economically harmful free trade agreements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. O’R OURKE ): 
H.R. 1918. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide for clarification as to the meaning of access without authorization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1919. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare beneficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1920. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to provide relevant Foreign Service officers with training related to medical graduates in the countries in which such officers are serving, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Water Pollution Control Act with respect to the use of dispersants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1923. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to appoint a coordinator for issues relating to harmful algal blooms in the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mexico, Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
CONYERS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
H.R. 1924. A bill to provide for the establishment of a program by the National Science Foundation to support undergraduate science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education at Hispanic serving institutions; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. BARTON, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B URGESS, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
COHEN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. D OLD, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y ODER , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , 
Gold Medal to Dr. Balazs ‘‘Ernie’’ Bodai in recognition of his many outstanding contributions to the Nation, including a tireless commitment to breast cancer research; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States giving Congress power to regulate campaign contributions for Federal elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H. Con. Res. 40. Concurrent resolution encouraging reunions of divided Korean American families; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of Florida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. 
California, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. C LAWSONof Florida): 
April 2015 terrorist attack at the Garissa University College in Garissa, Kenya, and reaffirming the United States support for the people and Government of Kenya, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
ELLISON , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. 
GALLEGO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G RAYSON , 
HOLLEN , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. M CGOVERN, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
POLIS, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
to ensure that students have access to debt free higher education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
sense of the House of Representatives that any comprehensive plan to reform our national energy policy must promote the sustainable use of renewable and alternative energy sources; increase our domestic refining capacity; promote conservation and increased energy efficiency; expand research and development, including domestic onshore and offshore exploration; and enhance consumer education; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
for the designation of September 2015 as ‘‘National Campus Sexual Assault Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
and accomplishments of Henry Thomas Segerstrom and expressing condolences on his passing; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, and Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the conditions for the United States becoming a signatory to any international agreement on greenhouse gas emissions under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the House of Representatives of the State of New Mexico, relative to House Memorial No. 119, recognizing and commending the long standing traditions of tolerance and inclusion in Azerbaijan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1897. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution states, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ 
H.R. 1898. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1899. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1900. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1901. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1902. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1903. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1904. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . 
H.R. 1905. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . 
H.R. 1906. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and including, but not solely limited to Article I, Section 8, Clause 14. 
H.R. 1907. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1909. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1910. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 6, Congress has the authority to coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures. 
H.R. 1911. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for the carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1912. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 1913. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1914. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1915. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1916. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect duties and to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8. 
H.R. 1917. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1918. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1919. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Medicare program under Title 18 if the Social Security Act. 
H.R. 1920. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1922. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clauses 1, 3, and 18. 
H.R. 1923. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ 
H.R. 1924. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1925. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.J. Res. 46. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article V of the United States Constitution. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 91: Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 131: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
H.R. 167: Mr. R OYCE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. 
H.R. 232: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 235: Mr. M OOLENAAR and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 270: Mr. J ONES and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 271: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
JOYCE , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. 
H.R. 448: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 484: Mr. B ERAand Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 526: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 551: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. L OFGREN , and 
H.R. 588: Mr. B ERAand Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 610: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 649: Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
H.R. 662: Mr. C ONAWAY and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 721: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. K LINE, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
H.R. 735: Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 738: Ms. L EE, Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. 
H.R. 748: Mr. C LEAVER and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 767: Ms. K USTER , Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. 
WALDEN , Mr. C LAY, and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 775: Ms. E STYand Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 817: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 839: Mr. N EAL, Mr. T URNER , Ms. K ELLY  
H.R. 842: Ms. D EGETTE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
H.R. 863: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. 
H.R. 928: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. C LAWSON of 
H.R. 971: Mr. N UGENT and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 980: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. R ICHMOND , 
H.R. 985: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C UMMINGS , and 
H.R. 986: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 997: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 999: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska and Mr. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. R YAN of 
H.R. 1016: Mrs. B LACKBURN and Mr. C OFFMAN. 
H.R. 1019: Mr. L ONG, Mr. R USH, Mr. M CNERNEY, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mrs. N OEM, 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R USSELL, and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1063: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. N UNES , and 
H.R. 1086: Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1089: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1090: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1096: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. C RENSHAW , 
H.R. 1150: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1170: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 1171: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. H ECK 
H.R. 1174: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. T URNER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. P AYNE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. 
New Mexico, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. F RELING HUYSEN , and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1199: Mr. K LINE and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1210: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mrs. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M ATSUI , and 
H.R. 1221: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, Mr. P OCAN , and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1233: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. P ETERSON , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. H ARPER, and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1234: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. D OLD, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1275: Ms. P INGREE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. L EE, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and 
H.R. 1276: Mr. F ARR, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. Pierluisi, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1277: Mr. K EATING , Ms. P INGREE , and 
H.R. 1278: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1301: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEYof New York, and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B UCHANAN , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. H ARPER . 
CLEAVER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. M ILLERof Michigan, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M URPHYof Pennsylvania, and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1340: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. P ETERS on. 
H.R. 1369: Mrs. N OEMand Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 1375: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1387: Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1399: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D IAZBALART , and 
H.R. 1464: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1476: Mr. W ESTERMAN and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. W HITFIELD and Mr. W ILSON of 
H.R. 1496: Miss R ICEof New York and Ms. 
H.R. 1498: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 1517: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. F ORTEN BERRY , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
H.R. 1602: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. P OLIS. 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. J ONES , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 1614: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C OLE, Ms. K APTUR, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mrs. N OEM, 
Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1616: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1618: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 1627: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1635 Mr. B UCKand Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1658: Mr. H ILLand Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 1674: Ms. E DWARDS and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1680: Mr. W ALKER and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
H.R. 1688: Mr. J ONES , Miss Rice of New 
H.R. 1718: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. G IBBS, Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
JOYCE , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. T IPTON, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1779: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1814: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1846: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 1862: Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 1863: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 1866: Ms. S INEMA and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1886: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.J. Res. 43: Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. U PTON , and Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
Mr. L UCAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ALLONE , 
H. Res. 56: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M ARINO , and 
H. Res. 111: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
H. Res. 112: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. 
H. Res. 208: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. C OOPER . 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative N UNES , or a designee, to H.R. 
1560, Protecting Cyber Networks Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Representative MCCAUL, or a designee, to H.R. 
1731, National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2281 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2015 No. 58 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, Your grace 
continues to sustain us in times of misfortune or prosperity. We are grateful for Your loving purposes that continually crown our years with goodness. Today, enable our lawmakers to see with faith’s eyes each blessing that comes disguised as adversity and each temptation that hides beneath the mask of prosperity. Make them grateful for disasters averted and advancements made. Lord, let Your love touch our world because of their labors as You make them ambassadors of Your purposes. Protect our Senators and teach them Your paths. Prosper the work of their hands as You keep them from stumbling or slipping. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 