today to honor the anniversary of the September 11 attacks. Fourteen years 
ago, our Nation faced an unparalleled tragedy that forever changed us. 
Today our thoughts and prayers remain with the victims that perished in these attacks in New York City, Washington, D.C., and Pennsylvania on September 11. We mourn with the families of the victims and continue to thank the selfless first responders who rushed to aid those in danger, even if it meant risking their own lives. 
lost that day, we must also commemorate the brave men and women of our armed services who have lost their lives trying to protect us from the dangers we still face today. 
just Democrats and Republicans but, rather, together, as Americans, who will work to ensure that our Nation never faces an attack like that ever again. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
marks 14 years since September 11, 2001, a day when thousands of Americans lost their lives in a terrorist attack carried out by al Qaeda. On that day, we united as a Nation in response to a tragedy too terrible to fathom. 
responders, our firefighters, police, and many others who displayed courage and strength in helping out all impacted by the attacks. 
the dedication of the men and women in our Armed Forces. Thousands have served honorably in Iraq, Afghanistan, and in the war on terror since September 11. We are thankful for their 
that fateful day 14 years ago, and we all recognize where we stand today. Our Nation faces greater dangers and higher stakes than ever before. 
all too real. That is why any deal with Iran or any other country must be verifiable, enforceable, and accountable. Iran has been a chief sponsor of terrorism across the globe. A nuclear Iran is a threat to everyone everywhere. 
It is not just about us. It is about our 
worldwide stability. The safety of the American people is not a partisan priority. It is an American priority. 
the unveiled agreement, it is clear this plan will not adequately deter the threat of a nuclear Iran nor safeguard the wellbeing of our citizens and national security interests. 
today especially, how crucial it is to protect ourselves, our children, and future generations against this huge threat throughout the globe. 
month Rhode Island and the United States lost a hero when First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna, an Army Green Beret serving in Kabul, Afghanistan, was killed during an attack on a NATO facility. He ran into danger so that the lives of hundreds of his fellow soldiers would be spared and, in doing so, lost his own life. 
During his 17 years of service, Sergeant McKenna completed five tours of duty in Afghanistan and one in Iraq. His patriotism, loyalty, and sense of duty embodied all of the best values of Rhode Island and our entire Nation. 
McKenna just 2 months ago at the Bristol Fourth of July parade, where he was presented with a flag flown over the United States Capitol. I am grateful that I had this opportunity to thank him for his service to our country. 
the September 11 attacks today, it is important to remember there are still nearly 10,000 American troops serving in Afghanistan. We owe them and all of our men and women in uniform our gratitude for the sacrifices they have made so that we can all enjoy freedom and live safely. 
My thoughts continue to be with Sergeant McKenna’s parents, Carol and Peter, and his entire family during this incredibly difficult time. It is my hope that the heartfelt gratitude of our entire Nation will be a source of comfort to his family. 14TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
I rise to mark the 14th anniversary of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, a horrific day that changed our Nation forever, as terrorists killed thousands of innocent people in lower Manhattan, the fields of Pennsylvania, and at the Pentagon. We must never forget that day. 
We saw good rise in the face of evil 
and heroes rise in the face of danger. When the day was over, we learned that thousands of Americans had lost their lives, 700 from my own State. We witnessed neighbors and friends consoling one another and watched as Americans from all walks of life stood united together, side by side. 
to these acts of terrorism with the skill of our military and our first responders. This is a war we continue to fight. It began without provocation, without warning. It was not a war of our own choosing, but it became a war of our priority. It continues today. 
It is the solemn duty of every Member of the House to protect the security of our Nation and our citizens. In today’s dangerous and chaotic world, we begin to honor that responsibility by pledging never to forget that day 14 years ago. 
America, and may God continue to bless the United States of America. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, this morning, at 8:46, across America there was a moment of silence and remembrance that, on the morning of September 11, 2001, the world witnessed a horrific attack against our Nation. 
The profound, unfathomable casualties shattered our sense of safety. Yet, out of the ashes of the fallen World Trade Center towers, the crushed concrete of the Pentagon, and the burning fields of Pennsylvania, Americans rose united. We comforted strangers. We strengthened community. Hope prevailed over hatred. Resilience defeated fear. 
were on that day. We must always remember what happened that day. 
the silent artillery of time wearing away at our memories. He was referencing those who had lost their lives in the Civil War. 
the pain of the bereaved and that it would be a comfort to them that we will never forget. 
Young people born after 9/11 are coming of age in a world that knows that no attack will ever destroy America’s 
ideals of liberty, freedom, and equality of opportunity for all people. Terrorism will never triumph over justice. That is a goal of terrorists: to instill terror, instill fear. They have failed. 
We have emerged even more committed to protecting the liberties that have long distinguished our Nation from regimes that rely on divisiveness and hatred. 
lost that day and those we lost to 9/11 related illnesses in the years that followed. We must remember those heroes of 9/11. In remembering them, we must honor our commitments to them, whether it is access to health care for those who were affected by 9/11. 
The selfless first responders—firefighters, police officers, and courageous citizens who helped save lives, searched for survivors, and jeopardized their own safety to rescue others—represent the very best of humanity. 
of September 11, 2001, and strive to build a future based on the hope and unity that emerged from the ashes that day. And may we always remember that, on this day, as we discuss this issue, we are walking on sacred ground. May we treat it with dignity and respect. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on this historic day of 9/11, a day in 2001 when terrorists killed thousands of Americans on United States soil and a day in 2012 when terrorists killed four Americans in Benghazi, Libya, I stand today in strong opposition to the Iranian nuclear deal, a deal with Iran, a leading state sponsor of terror. 
comes out about why we shouldn’t support the deal. The head of Iran’s military has said they will never accept the deals restrictions on arms capabilities. 
verification provisions are buried in a pair of confidential side agreements that Congress doesn’t even have that will allow Iran to inspect its own nuclear capabilities. 
of Iran changed the rules of the game, saying that Iran will not comply with their side of the deal unless sanctions are lifted and not merely suspended. 
know we can do better. America is still the most prosperous and powerful country on Earth and the protector of freedom and stability in the world. We must do better for the victims of 9/11 and the victims of Benghazi. 
this very solemn day, where we commemorate those that gave their lives, I rise on behalf of the Safe Climate Caucus to bring to the House another unfortunate new reality. More frequent flooding is going to be occurring now because of climate change. 
that is without doubt, and that has resulted in the frequency of nuisance flooding in coastal communities. Cities across America are experiencing nuisance flooding. There is a rise in nuisance flooding between 1960 and the present of up to 900 percent throughout the country. From 300 to 900 percent, it is more often. 
natural climate patterns like this year’s El Nino, even higher rates of nuisance flooding will occur. 
flooding threatens my entire Long Beach Peninsula and the Alamitos Bay. Flooding roads mean a loss of work or school days, and eroded beaches can have a negative impact on property values. 
tides. That is why Congress must act on climate change. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
can’t get much more American than Little League baseball, and in that spirit, I want to congratulate the Coon Rapids Little League baseball team for their great run this year. 
emerging victorious at the Minnesota State tournament, Coon Rapids came up just one game short at the Midwest Regional Tournament from making the Little League World Series. 
Williamsport, Pennsylvania, their deep run had the community abuzz with baseball fever. The dedication of these 11 and 12yearolds to spend their summers at practices and tournaments is outstanding. The skills that baseball often develops—focus, commitment, and hard work—will surely serve these young players in the future. 
Mr. Speaker, the coaches, the parents, the family members, and the players of the Coon Rapids Little League team should be very proud of their tenacity and their effort. I want to congratulate them. They make their community proud. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this morning, we had a moment of silence, but we recognize today 14 years of memories. All of us remember where we were when terrorists attacked our Nation 14 years ago, murdering 2,977 of our fellow Americans and shocking the conscience of our country and of the world. 
the sorrow, and the loss of that day; but neither will we ever forget the extraordinary acts of heroism, the first responders who rushed headlong into burning towers, the passengers who stormed the cockpit, and the Air National Guard pilot who was prepared to ram her fighter into a hijacked airliner to stop the next attack. 
that our children and grandchildren must hear, along with those of the brave men and women who donned our Nation’s uniform in the years since, when they ask us to explain what happened on September 11, 2001. 
victims of the September 11 attacks and pay tribute to the heroes of that day, we should honor them by renewing the sense of unity we felt that morning and in the weeks and months that followed. 
when we stand together in defense of our common ideals—individual freedom, tolerance, equality, justice— which the perpetrators of those acts found so objectionable and which were the real objects of their attack. 
this anniversary, let us remember that our greatest rebuttal to those who attacked us, as well as the most fitting tribute to all those we lost, is to keep defending these principles that bind us together as Americans and that will always be the enduring source of our strength. 
WAIVE, SUSPEND, REDUCE, PROVIDE RELIEF FROM, OR OTHERWISE LIMIT THE APPLICATION OF SANCTIONS PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT RELATED TO THE NUCLEAR PROGRAM OF IRAN 
to House Resolution 412, I call up the bill (H.R. 3460) to suspend until January 21, 2017, the authority of the President to waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DENHAM ). Pursuant to House Resolution 412, the bill is considered read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SUSPENSION OF AUTHORITY TO 
WAIVE, SUSPEND, REDUCE, PROVIDE RELIEF FROM, OR OTHERWISE LIMIT THE APPLICATION OF SANCTIONS PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT RELATED TO THE NUCLEAR PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
other provision of law, prior to January 21, 2017, the President may not— 
through 7.9 of Annex II of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action; and 
agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or otherwise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political commitment or otherwise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not. 
Comprehensive Plan of Action’’ means the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, signed at Vienna on July 14, 2015, by Iran and by the People’s Republic of China, France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom and the United States, with the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. 
shall be debatable for 2 hours, with 30 minutes controlled by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs or his designee, 30 minutes controlled by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee, and 1 hour controlled by the minority leader or her designee. 
(Mr. R YAN), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C ONYERS ), and the gentleman 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days to revise and extend their remarks and to submit extraneous materials on this measure. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
legislation, which would prohibit the President from waiving Iran sanctions and prevent the implementation of this fatally flawed agreement. 
Last night, we spent many hours debating this agreement. We heard from 
Members who have deep concerns about where we are headed. 
isn’t just a bad deal; it is a disastrous deal. It is a disaster for the United States; it is a disaster for our allies and friends in the region, including Israel. 
think about the letter that we sent—84 percent of us in this House signed a letter asking for four critical things in this negotiation—we got rolled on every one of the four. Iran won on every point. 
Iran gets to keep its nuclear infrastructure. The Obama administration collapsed on the issue of verification. We don’t have anywhere, anytime inspections in here. We have got selfinspections by the Iranian regime with respect to Parchin, which is the one military site where we know—we know—that the Iranians, because of 1,000 pages of documents, did most of their bomb work. 
They say now: No, no, no, we will do 
the inspections. We will turn that stuff over, but nobody is going into our military sites. 
key parts of this deal expire at the end of the deal. We have got permanent sanctions relief for the Iranian regime, relief that is going to go into their military, in exchange for temporary constraints on Iran’s nuclear program. 
program designed to deliver those weapons—now, this came up in the eleventh hour of this negotiation. No one anticipated it being in the agreement. At the eleventh hour, the Russians came forward and, on behalf of the Iranians, said: We want the lifting of the sanctions, international sanctions, that the community has on the ICBM program and on the arms transfers with respect to Iran. 
rolled on this as well. As the Secretary of Defense told Congress, the I in ICBM stands for intercontinental, meaning flying from Iran to the United States. That is why—that is why—we never wanted this lifted. 
It also provides resources and legitimacy to the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, the very same organization that has killed 500 U.S. troops in Iraq. 
put in a larger context of the administration’s Iran policy. It is very dangerous; it is very risky, and I would say it is doomed to fail as a policy, given the fact that we haven’t seen any adjustment out of Iran other than a recommittal on the part of the regime in Iran where they say: We are not going to be bound by any of the ballistic missile constraints. We don’t intend to follow that, and by the way, we are advancing new ballistic missiles and targeting and putting that into the hands of Hezbollah and into the hands of 
oppose H.R. 3460 because it is another attempt to derail diplomacy and set the United States on the path to war. H.R. 3460 suspends until January 21, 2017—meaning through the rest of President Obama’s term—the authority of the President to waive, suspend, or reduce sanctions pursuant to the Iran nuclear agreement. 
than 48 hours ago and has had absolutely no committee process. While the Foreign Affairs Committee has held 30 hearings since the announcement of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action in November 2013, this legislation has never even been a topic of committee discussion. 
This is not a serious attempt to legislate. Put simply, it is a political attack on the President of the United States in an attempt to derail a good deal that is in the best interest of our Nation. 
The Iran deal represents the cumulative efforts of countless diplomats. After imposing some of the toughest sanctions in history, the P5+1—the U.S., the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Russia, and China—were able to bring Iran to the table and strike a deal that achieves our core strategic objectives. 
State Kerry deserve our respect and thanks for this achievement. They kept together a coalition that forced Iran to make serious concessions in how they operate their domestic nuclear programs. 
wanted, but we achieved a verifiable deal that is our best hope to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
The details of the deal are commendable. Among other things, Iran will reduce its uranium stockpile by 98 percent and lower its enrichment level below weapon levels. This will increase the ‘‘breakout time’’—or how long it takes to create a weapon—to 1 year. 
Energy Agency will oversee testing and inspections, and cheating will be severely punished with snapback provisions that reimpose the crippling sanctions that brought Iran to the table. 
majority does not understand progress in diplomacy. Those who are trying to undermine this historic agreement are motivated by the same naive approach to negotiation that has paralyzed this Congress. This time, unless they get everything they want, they will not accept a deal that forestalls war and prevents Iran from becoming a nuclear power. 
degree, but it is an old and regretful approach taken by critics of diplomacy. I remember, almost 30 years ago, when a President late in his second term reached out his hand in peace. His attempts to constrain and ultimately reduce nuclear stockpiles were mocked. 
President, but nearly three decades later, I am glad that he stood up when he did. That President was Ronald Reagan. When he signed the IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces Treaty with Mr. Gorbachev, he faced the same fury we see today. However, 28 months later, the Soviet Union was replaced by a growing number of free and independent states, and 28 years later, the United States is still standing and remains as strong as ever. 
The lesson in all of this is that diplomacy is rarely clean, and it develops in its own time. There are stops and starts. Things move forward, sometimes backwards, and even often sideways; but, repeatedly, we have shown that a step in the direction of peace will be met in kind. Whether a Republican or a Democratic President seeks that peace, Congress has an obligation to support those efforts. 
to forge a new path with Iran. The Iran deal prevents Iran from developing a bomb, creates a new foundation for further diplomacy, and stands as part of a proud tradition of progress. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
with respect to Ronald Reagan, when President Reagan was presented with a bad deal at Reykjavik, while in his negotiations with the Russians, at that point, he walked away from that deal. He pushed away from the deal because, in his mind, we could come back and get a better deal if we stood our ground. 
respect to our negotiations with Iran. With the Iranian negotiations, we had four points that this Congress—84 percent of us in a letter to the Secretary of State—laid out. Those points were that it was supposed to be anywhere, anytime inspections; it was supposed to last multiple decades; we were not supposed to lift the sanctions up front but do it over the entirety of the agreement in order to get compliance, to ensure we had compliance; and it was to make certain that those 12 questions that the IAEA had asked were answered. 
again, as Reagan pointed out to the Russians—and threw their own expression back to them—he said: There is an old Russian expression, ‘‘trust, but verify,’’ and that is what we need to apply to the agreement. 
here, the verification component of it, when you have side agreements which Congress has not seen and those side agreements, in the case of Parchin— where we have ample evidence of their past bomb work—allow the Iranians to do their own inspections. I mean, I always thought it was going to be international inspectors who did the international inspections, not the Iranians, themselves. 
For these reasons, I do not think it is 
analogous. I think, in fact, we should do what Reagan did at Reykjavik, which is to push back and say, no, we need a better deal, and we need a deal with verification—trust, but verify. 
who served our country with distinction as a U.S. Navy SEAL. 
Democrat or a Republican issue. This is an American issue. 
We are talking about Iran and injecting billions of dollars into Iran. The Marine barracks were Iran. At least 500 troops, whom I served with in Iraq, died as a result of Iran. Iran is not our friend. They are our enemy, at least 
this regime. You cannot say that Hezbollah or Hamas, as surrogates of Iran, would not do the same on 9/11 as what occurred today in 2001. 
Let’s look at this deal. General Dempsey, the Chairman of 
the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said under no circumstances should we give missile technology to Iran; yet, in 5 years, we relax the sanctions for conventional weapons to include missile systems, to include the same missile systems that Iran has given to Hamas directly—at least 1,000 of them—and as many as 10,000 into Israel from Gaza. 
on ICBMs. There is only one purpose for an ICBM, and that is to strike America. In 10 years—remember?—part of the deal is dismantle for dismantle. Dismantle the sanctions, and Iran was going to dismantle their nuclear facilities, their capabilities, and their ambitions. In 10 years, the centrifuges that are not dismantled come out. They are upgraded. Then, in 13 years, by experts, Iran will have the capability of having at least 100 nucleartipped ICBMs. 
America? How is that in the best interests of our allies in the Middle East? How is that in the best interests of America and the world? It is not. 
been to reduce our stockpiles, to reduce the countries that hold these incredibly destructive weapons—Ukraine and South Africa are examples—SALT I, SALT II, SALT III. 
vote for a deal in which the full disclosure of documents is not delivered? 
privy to the secret deal between the International Atomic Energy Agency 
and Iran. No Member has read this. The verification is so incredibly critical; yet we are willing to cede our sovereignty—no American is on it—for a verification process that is 24 days, and even General Hayden said you can only monitor what you can see. 
to take this deal or go to war. I say that this deal promotes war, that it promotes nuclear proliferation. It is not in the best interests of the United States, and it puts us—Americans—and the world at risk. 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). 
Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action because we cannot allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon, and this is the smartest, most responsible way to prevent that. 
and intelligence communities, and all five nations that have negotiated with us—countries that have a direct interest in preventing an Iranian bomb—all agree this deal will work. It does it by restricting Iran’s nuclear enrichment to nonthreatening levels and by imposing an unprecedented framework of inspections, monitoring, and enforcement—mechanisms that are not built on trust but that are built on distrust and verification. 
Is this deal perfect? No. I would prefer a deal that permanently bans all enrichment. However, experts agree that this deal can and will keep Iran’s nuclear program in a box for at least the next 15 years. 
this deal up, walk away, and try for a better deal. With all due respect, I think they are in denial. All of our negotiating partners tell us that that is not going to happen. We would go forward with a much weaker hand, without any, perhaps, sanction partners at all, and with a huge loss of credibility for abandoning our own deal. Blowing this deal up only makes sense if you are prepared to go to war. 
that, across the aisle, many think that that is a good idea. I am concerned that, across the aisle, there is an outbreak of Dick Cheney fever and the amnesia that goes with it. They want to take us back to the good old days of the Bush years when unilateralism and militarism made us less safe, not safer. 
There is a smarter and more responsible way forward to prevent Iran from having a bomb. Let’s give diplomacy and peace a chance. Let’s support this agreement. 
minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ). 
The chairman has one of the brightest and most insightful foreign policy minds this Congress has ever produced. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
with partners from across the globe, built up a robust sanctions package against the regime in Tehran for their illegal nuclear work, among other illicit actions and activities. These sanctions worked, Mr. Speaker. Iran’s economy crumbled, which forced them to the negotiating table. 
the other side of that negotiating table was the Obama administration—a group so eager to sign a deal that they gave in to the Iranians at every turn and forgot the true nature and evil of who they were dealing with. To get a deal, the administration walked back many of their initial demands—demands that actually might have made this a better deal. 
this deal must be reworked and rejected. Now, I certainly believe that there is a role for diplomacy, but diplomacy must come from a source of strength, not weakness and capitulation, which is why the legislation before us today is so important. 
were not meant to be used by any President to force an agreement past Congress and the majority of the American people. The last thing the world—let alone the United States— should be doing right now is relaxing sanctions and giving Iran more money—more money to spread terror, more money to execute civilians, more money to support murderous proxy regimes. 
minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU). 
Speaker, I rise today against this measure to restrain President Obama from lifting sanctions and to support the Iran deal—the most important step that we could take to secure the future of this planet by stopping Iran’s nuclear program for 15 years. 
danger. Iran’s support of terror and aggression throughout the world, its stated threats to Israel, and the nuclear arms race they would trigger are the reasons the world’s major powers came together to put crushing sanctions on Iran in the first place. Currently, Iran can produce enough material for a nuclear weapon in 2 to 3 months. Under this deal, Iran must take several unprecedented steps that would prevent 
them from having a nuclear weapon in 15 years. 
agreement in history by including inspections of Iran’s entire uranium enrichment supply chain for up to 25 years. Additionally, Iran will be subject to inspections forever under the additional protocol. It is those crushing economic sanctions that brought Iran to the table to finally accept the nuclear deal. 
our terrorism sanctions still remain in place, and if a military strike is necessary, the U.S. will have the time and intelligence to intervene but without the threat of a nuclear bomb for 15 years. In contrast, without this deal, sanctions will be lifted anyway, and we will be left with nothing but fear, uncertainty, and an unfettered Iran. 
years, when the prospect of a military strike on Iran felt imminent, this deal is a welcome alternative, and the risks of rejecting it are too great. For the sake of our security, the security of our allies, and our position as a trustworthy global leader, I urge my colleagues to support the deal and to reject this resolution. 
minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ), the chairman of 
that I remember the events of 9/11/2001. I want to thank the first responders and those men and women in uniform who have served, our veterans, for what they do to protect us every day. 
nuclear agreement with Iran. I strongly oppose giving the President the ability to unilaterally lift congressional sanctions. Our allies don’t trust us, and our enemies don’t fear us. I think we ought to take Iran at its word. Here are some quotes. 
options they have on the table. They should know that the first option on our table is the annihilation of Israel.’’ 
God’s help, will increase their defensive capability each day. 
ready to give Iran $150 billion. They can do a lot of damage with that. 
terrorism. They are responsible for killing people in Indonesia, in India, and all across the globe. 
I chair the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. They are directly responsible for the AMIA bombings in Buenos Aires in 1994, again in 1996 through their proxy, Hezbollah. 
stop supporting our allies. That is Hamas, that is Hezbollah, and that is other terrorist groups. 
take them at their word—they will continue to support materially and financially the terrorism groups like in Yemen. There is nothing we can do to stop it. 
powers, will not have access to secret military sites or secret nuclear sites, 
but, yet, we are going to give them 24 days in this agreement. America, I didn’t say 24 hours. I said 24 days’ advance notice. 
Twentyfour days’ advance notice before we are going to inspect a site. Are you kidding me? 
in the desert and get clean dirt and clean air and provide that. 
user that you can bring somebody else’s urine and somebody else’s hair sample to a drug test. 
$150 billion and an opportunity to get a nuclear weapon in 10 years or less, assuming they are going to adhere to every line of the agreement, which nobody that I talk to believes Iran is going to adhere to the agreement. They will have a nuclear weapon. 
in lifted sanctions, money we are giving to Iran so they can continue to fund terrorism around the globe. People will die as a result of this agreement. 
financial support for terrorist groups to continue attacking our allies and Americans anywhere they are in the world. 
As everyone can tell by my passion today, it is time for us to really talk in real terms about what that agreement is. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ). 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, they sound like warmongers, don’t they, those Iranian leaders? 
the task before us. We sit here as Members of the world’s greatest legislative body, debating the future of our country and the future of the world. Because Iran with a nuclear weapon is a threat to the world. 
and passionate conversation with the people I represent and with advisers, with my colleagues, after 19 years on the Armed Services Committee, 17 of those on the committee that deals with nuclear proliferation and nonproliferation, chairing that committee for the Democrats, I believe that diplomacy first is the best path for the United States and our allies. 
war and peace, of whether we believe in diplomacy with verification or armed engagement. We sit here and we reflect on all of those that will be affected by our votes: my family, our family, the soldiers, and countless others. 
and say we did all that we could do? Can we tell them we did not give diplomacy a chance? So don’t get me wrong, I am no fan of Iran. 
rushed to war in Iraq, I stood up and said no and I said at that time Iran is where we need to keep our focus. 
implemented, and we need to hold those accountable to implement it correctly. That is our role as Members of Congress. No deal is perfect. 
the Iran deal. I believe the inspections regime is weak. I don’t think the Iranians can be trusted, nor can we reasonably assume that Iran will hold up its end of the deal. 
all at once, and the deal lifts the arms embargo. Iran will further destabilize an already dangerous Middle East by trafficking more weapons and rockets to its terrorist proxies, like Hamas and Hezbollah. Tehran’s coffers will be flush with cash to fund Iranian terror around the world. 
is the leading state sponsor of terrorism. Its support and influence was there in Beirut in 1983, Khobar Towers in 1996, Nairobi in 1998, and on this day, 9/11. 
on busses, at shopping malls, and pizza shops. It has supported hostage takings and assassinations around the world. And to this we are to look to diplomacy? 
U.S. law allows victims of these attacks to sue Iran for damages in U.S. courts. Over the last 15 years, the United States courts have handed down more than 80 judgments against Iran with $43 billion in damages. Of course, not a penny has been paid. 
overall issue, but surely we can agree that Iran should have to pay out these damages to its victims’ families before Iran benefits from U.S. sanctions relief. 
Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act. It requires the President to certify that Iran has paid all judgments owed to its victims before U.S. sanctions can be lifted. Our position is: Not 1 cent in sanctions relief for Iran until it pays up to its victims—not 1 cent. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee. 
what a weighty responsibility to stand on this floor on September 11. 
For those of us who were here in this 
body on that day, there is no more solemn responsibility than the national security of this Nation. 
times and to be one of the original members of the new Homeland Security Committee. 
I have stayed on both of those committees, who hold in their hands the constitutional privileges and rights, but, also, the national security. 
to speak to this very difficult decision. So I start by saying I stand here as a mother, and I will choose to speak to that child in Israel and the child in urban and rural America and the children around the world. 
I would ask my colleagues the question: What is our burden and responsibility to those children, that, if we have an opportunity not for peace, but an opportunity to stop a potential nuclear rogue, would we not take that opportunity or would we find all kinds of obstacles? 
bill, and I rise today in support of this Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty. I thank the President and Secretary Kerry, but I thank, more importantly, Republicans and Democrats and Independents. I thank the negotiators. 
statement and the agreement signed by Iran that it will never, never become a nuclear power. This agreement creates an enforceable roadmap for dismantling Iran’s nuclear program. 
in 2013, Iran went from operating approximately 164 centrifuges to 10,000, and then they went to 19,000. But this agreement brings them down to 6,000. Is that not a standing in the gap against a known actor of terrorism? 
300kg enriched uranium, and they are only allowed to enrich 3.67. We have a roadmap for the various entities that contributed to their ability to make a nuclear bomb. 
Make no mistake about it. You cannot take away knowledge. Even if you bomb Iran through war, you cannot take away the knowledge. And they will ultimately have the ability to come back again. 
P5+1. This is not Munich, for Munich was a capitulation. No one in this agreement is capitulating to Iran. We are demanding that Iran cease and desist. 
is the best pathway to ensuring the scientist in all. And for those who say that it is a reckless regime or scheme, rather, of inspection, they are wrong. Because the only 24day process deals with the undeclared and even that has an ultimatum that the sanctions will snap back. 
the United States. The United States will be present on site at the IAEA. Many Members traveled there and got a direct briefing of the intenseness of their inspection process. 
come back with their inspection materials, and we will be at the table. We 
will also be engaged in the redesign of some of those facilities in Iran for more civilian uses. 
have the opportunity to save a child from a speeding train, would we not take that opportunity to save a child from a speeding train? I think we would. We need to save the children of this world. 
Homeland Security Committee and the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3461, and in strong opposition to H. Res. 412 and H.R. 3460. 
and H. Res. 412 because I support the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (‘‘JCPOA’’) as the best and most realistically attainable means of preventing Iran from ever obtaining 
ago, as a young mother, I first visited Israel and the Holy Land. 
the region that gave birth to three of the world’s great religions, civilizations, and cultures. 
the Mickey Leland Kibbutzim Internship program, which for over 20 years has enabled innercity high school students who live or study in the 18th Congressional District the opportunity to spend a summer in Israel. 
Member of the Committees on Homeland Security and the Judiciary, both of which deal with national security issues, I have had the opportunity to visit many countries in the Middle East. 
efforts to develop policies that anticipate and respond to new and emerging challenges to the security of our nation and the peace and safety of the world. 
and America’s security posed by Iran’s possession of a nuclear weapon is one of the greatest challenges now facing the international community. 
(JCPOA), negotiated by the P5+1, led by the United States is a response to that challenge. 
scientists and other experts, and have reviewed many publications supporting and opposing the agreement. 
I have met with and listened intently to supporters and opponents of the JCPOA in my congressional district whose commitment to peace and security is unquestioned and whose counsel on issues relating to Israel’s security and America’s policies regarding the Middle East I have always valued and will continue to seek. 
After this lengthy period of review, consultation, and reflection, I have concluded that the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) represents the best and surest means of achieving the goal of preventing the acquisition of nuclear weapons by Iran, the most rigorous and intrusive in the history of nuclear nonproliferation agreements. 
Under the JCPOA, the IAEA will have access to all elements of Iran’s nuclear program, including those that have never been subject to inspection. The JCPOA, for example, requires Iran to 
permit IAEA inspectors to monitor the entire uranium supply chain which will enable them to detect any diversion of nuclear material. 
and ears on the ground, the JCPOA provides that about 130–150 IAEA inspectors will be deployed. 
to Iran the ‘‘Additional Protocol’’ (AP) to its Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement, which is one of the verification agreements the IAEA uses to investigate allegations of any clandestine nuclear activities in Iran, and which requires Iran to detail all of its nuclear activities, including mining and milling and research and development activities. 
expressed regarding the 24day period for resolving disputes over IAEA’s requests for access to certain locations. 
period applies only to locations not covered by the comprehensive agreement or the Additional Protocol. 
Moreover, I am persuaded by experts, including Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz, a Nobel laureate in physics, that the trace evidence created by activities involving nuclear material remains detectable for months, even years. 
Iran in permitting IAEA’s inspectors access to requested locations can in itself be deemed an act of noncompliance subjecting Iran to the threat of reimposition of sanctions. 
this inspection regime with Iran and there must be a major reduction in the stockpile before funds held in escrow are released to Iran. 
out that the agreement does not condition sanctions relief on Iran’s renunciation of its past and present support of terrorist groups like Hezbollah. 
That is why I take seriously the concern that 
Iran may use some of the proceeds of sanction relief, approximately $56 billion, to support terrorist groups, especially those that are hostile to Israel. 
But the best way to respond to this threat is 
not to reject the JCPOA but to work with our allies and the international community to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. 
the United States to exercise all of its authority to sanction Iranian entities for their support for terrorism. President Obama has made clear that he intends to exercise that authority: 
continue to be denied access to our market— the world’s largest—and we will maintain powerful sanctions targeting Iran’s support for groups such as Hizballah, its destabilizing role in Yemen, its backing of the Assad regime, its missile program, and its human rights abuses at home. 
maintain and enforce existing sanctions and even to deploy new sanctions to address those continuing concerns, which we fully intend to do when circumstances warrant.’’ 
outside experts, I believe that between the IAEA’s inspections (the results of which the United States will continue to have immediate 
and ongoing access) and our intelligence community’s oversight, the necessary verification measures are in place to ensure we can detect any illicit nuclear activity that Iran might attempt to undertake. 
Finally, I believe it is important to acknowledge that by preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, the JCPOA contributes substantially to making the region and the world safer. 
But an increase in safety should not be confused with an absence of danger, especially for Israel. 
Even with the JCPOA, there will remain actors who are intent on doing harm to Israel. 
increase in assistance to Israel to make plain to any of its adversaries that Israel’s security is sacrosanct to the United States. 
year Memorandum of Understanding with Israel that enhances our strong security relationship. 
I also support an increase in missile defense funding so that the United States and Israel can accelerate the codevelopment of the Arrow3 and David’s Sling defense systems. 
And to ensure that Israel retains its qualitative military edge (QME), I support further military enhancements that are now underway. 
War II in 1941, the United States has been the leading force for good, for human dignity, and for peace in every region of the world. 
From the establishment of the United Nations, the creation of NATO, the recognition of Israel, the United States has been the world’s indispensable nation. 
And as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
said, ‘‘Israel’s right to exist as a state in security is incontestable.’’ 
Dr. King believed in the dignity of all humanity and my best hopes are that a nonnuclear Iran, ceasing to foment terrorism, will be the catalyst for a Middle East in which all faiths and all peoples are respected, and which enjoys economic prosperity and cultural diversity. 
the people of the United States and its allies, the Middle East, including Israel, and the world. 
P5+1, led by the United States, is in keeping with its tradition of global leadership and desire for peace and security for all persons in all nations. 
the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), negotiated by the P5+1 and led by the United States. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for 
H.R. 3461, which is a vote for a world in which Iran does not and will not possess any nuclear weapons with which it could threaten neighboring countries in the region, especially our steadfast ally, Israel. 
On July 14, 2015, after two years of intense 
international negotiations, an agreement was announced by the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, China and Russia to contain Iran’s nuclear program. We, the undersigned retired military officers, support the agreement as the most effective means currently available to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. 
pathways to a nuclear bomb, provides for intrusive verification, and strengthens American national security. America and our allies, in the Middle East and around the world, will be safer when this agreement is fully implemented. It is not based on trust; the deal requires verification and tough sanctions for failure to comply. 
There is no better option to prevent an Iranian nuclear weapon. Military action would be less effective than the deal, assuming it is fully implemented. If the Iranians cheat, our advanced technology, intelligence and the inspections will reveal it, and U.S. military options remain on the table. And if the deal is rejected by America, the Iranians could have a nuclear weapon within a year. The choice is that stark. 
Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, who said on July 29, 2015, ‘‘[r]elieving the risk of a nuclear conflict with Iran diplomatically is superior than trying to do that militarily.’’ 
consider military action against Iran, gathering sufficient international support for such an effort would only be possible if we have first given the diplomatic path a chance. We must exhaust diplomatic options before moving to military ones. 
Nation, we call upon Congress and the American people to support this agreement. 
GEN James ‘‘Hoss’’ Cartwright, U.S. Marine Corps; GEN Joseph P. Hoar, U.S. Marine Corps; GEN Merrill ‘‘Tony’’ McPeak, U.S. Air Force; GEN Lloyd W. ‘‘Fig’’ Newton, U.S. Air Force; LGEN Robert G. Gard, Jr., U.S. Army; LGEN Arlen D. Jameson, U.S. Air Force; LGEN Frank Kearney, U.S. Army; LGEN Claudia J. Kennedy, U.S. Army; LGEN Donald L. Kerrick, U.S. Army; LGEN Charles P. Otstott, U.S. Army; LGEN Norman R. Seip, U.S. Air Force; LGEN James M. Thompson, U.S. Army; VADM Kevin P. Green, U.S. Navy; VADM Lee F. Gunn, U.S. Navy; MGEN George Buskirk, US Army; MGEN Paul D. Eaton, U.S. Army; MGEN Marcelite J. Harris, U.S. Air Force; MGEN Frederick H. Lawson, U.S. Army. 
Tony Taguba, U.S. Army; RADM John Hutson, U.S. Navy; RADM Malcolm MacKinnon III, U.S. Navy; RADM Edward ‘‘Sonny’’ Masso, U.S. Navy; RADM Joseph Sestak, U.S. Navy; RADM Garland ‘‘Gar’’ P. Wright, U.S. Navy; BGEN John Adams, U.S. Air Force; BGEN Stephen A. Cheney, U.S. Marine Corps; BGEN Patricia ‘‘Pat’’ Foote, U.S. Army; BGEN Lawrence E. Gillespie, U.S. Army; BGEN John Johns, U.S. Army; BGEN David McGinnis, U.S. Army; BGEN Stephen Xenakis, U.S. Army; RDML James Arden ‘‘Jamie’’ Barnett, Jr., U.S. Navy; RDML Jay A. DeLoach, U.S. Navy; RDML Harold L. Robinson, U.S. Navy; RDML Alan Steinman, U.S. Coast Guard. 
experts in numerous fields—scientific, diplomatic, arms control, military—are increasingly advocating support for the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) negotiated between the P5+1 and Iran. They have concluded that support for the JCPOA is in our national interest after carefully evaluating both the specifics of the JCPOA’s effectiveness in stopping nuclear weapons development by Iran and the viability of alternative approaches. 
the negotiating table as lead technical negotiator for the United States. To help clarify the technical features and safeguards of the JCPOA agreed to and supported by the P5+1, and place these in the context of the choice between approval or disapproval of implementation of the JCPOA that will be before Congress next month, I have compiled and attached to this note a streamlined sideby side comparison of key elements. 
I believe this comparison clearly underscores the conclusions of the U.S. negotiators, the P5+1, and an impressive body of experts: the JCPOA provides significant technical safeguards and disincentives that effectively block Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon. It also explicitly enables strong detection and verification measures and timely responses should Iran choose to violate nuclear provisions of the JCPOA. The President, the Congress, and our allies and friends remain united in the determination that Iran will not develop or acquire nuclear weapons. The JCPOA is the best option available. 
If you have questions that I can help answer, I would be pleased to do so. 
gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), our majority leader. 
thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to take a moment and thank the chairman for his work that has been done for the American public that they have been able to see directly through what this Iran agreement is about. 
this floor as I sit around and listen. I am hearing Republicans and Democrats on the same side. Those that are opposed to it are bipartisan. Those that support this all come from one place. 
the one thing you are always told is find a committee and stick with that committee because what happens is you get expertise. 
Financial Services, and you get expertise year over year. Taxes, Ways and Means. When it comes to Foreign Affairs, you get the expertise of something like this. 
those who sit on those committees, and I look to the chairman and the ranking member on the Democratic side. 
them? They are in the same position. They are opposed to this agreement. They took their years of expertise, they read through it, they did the hearings, and they came to the same conclusion. 
the other side of this building, inside the Senate? Because they have committees as well. The same bipartisan conclusion came. It just didn’t even come from the committees. The next Democratic leader in the Senate, the number two, is opposed to the Iran agreement. 
for bipartisanship. This has brought us together. But it is not just in this House. It is almost in the majority of houses across America. 
percent of the American people actually approve the deal and 49 percent oppose. That is more than 2 to 1. 
Only 2 percent of Americans are confident that Iran will abide by the agreement. Why? Because they never have before. 
Iran has a history of not living up to 
their promises. It is clear today that, what the President said, he did not achieve. 
Obama said he will ‘‘do what is necessary to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon.’’ He said that he will 
implement this deal ‘‘to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.’’ 
can have a nuclear weapon not just because Iran wants it, but America will say then it is okay. Thirteen years is not that far away. 
That is not all that Iran gets in this 
deal. While we had sanctions on Iran, the only reason they wanted to come to the table—what did they do with their money, even though it was scarce, they didn’t have much? They funded terrorism around the world. 
as much or maybe even more than the bailout that Greece got. What will Iran become? They will become the central bank of terror in the world. That is what we are voting on today. 
the deal, you go even further because there are side secret agreements we do not know. On this side of the aisle, we think we should keep with the law. We think when 400 people on this floor voted for the CorkerCardin bill that said you had to have all agreements, we felt when there were 98 Senators and only one opposed that you would want to hold to the same agreement. 
something without having all the facts, especially after you read the reports that maybe Iran can do selfinspection? If that is the case, why don’t we bring to the floor and change the Olympic committee and those athletes should be able to test themselves? I look for the Education Committee. Maybe students should grade themselves. 
probably the most important bill you will vote on in your term in Congress. Don’t fall to political pressure, because you don’t need to. The bipartisanship of the majority of Americans stands opposed. 
respect, regardless of what party you are in because you selected those Members to lead those committees, are opposed. If that is not enough, study history. History always repeats itself. Have we not learned that peace without freedom is meaningless? The President said he would not 
agree to any bad deal. Well, I believe we can have a better deal. History has shown Chamberlain just wanted peace, but history has shown other times in America where Presidents have stood up and stepped back and got a better agreement. 
Ronald Reagan wanted to end the nuclear weapons when it came to the Soviet Union. In the end of Ronald Reagan’s second term, he sat in Iceland with Gorbachev. He sat down across the table, and he got almost everything he had asked for, but Gorbachev asked for one more item. He asked that America would end their SDI investment. 
Reagan said no, but he said: I will do something even better. I will provide you the technology as well, so everyone in the world could be safe. 
moment not for that man, but for this world, and Ronald Reagan got up and walked away. Some people criticized on a political basis, but I ask you this: Would the Soviet Union have collapsed, would the Berlin Wall have collapsed at the time it did, had Reagan not stood firm and asked and kept his word for a better deal? 
Peace without freedom is meaningless. This deal does not bring greater freedom to the world. It brings a nuclear missile race. This is not just about America, Iran, or a few other countries. No country in the Middle East will sit back after this action. 
not be freer, but there is still an opportunity. History has shown, if we are willing to stand up, take a step back, and get a better agreement, we can have peace and freedom. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 13 minutes remaining. The gentleman from California has 13
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ). 
have a proud record, a record as strong as any Member in Congress in supporting Israel. It is because of this support that I back the deal that the President and our allies have negotiated. If I thought that this agreement made the State of Israel more vulnerable, I would not support it, but that is just not the case. 
Colin Powell, supports this deal; and almost every former government official I deeply distrust, like Vice President Dick Cheney, opposes the agreement. This is one of the most detailed international agreements of its kind in memory, and it was no small task of American diplomacy, statesmanship, and good oldfashioned negotiating that brought the deal to reality. 
States as a world leader brought our allies to the table. It achieved an outcome our country working alone could not have achieved. It is not something that the Europeans, the Russians, the Chinese, or even the United Nations could have achieved. 
could achieve and not something that war alone could achieve. The United States, working with our friends and, in some cases, our rivals, brought about this end to Iran’s nuclear weapons program with an agreement for verifiable, enforceable, effective curbs on Iran’s nuclear ambitions; and it is in Iran’s interest to abide by the agreement. 
has helped erase our record of international shortsightedness. It gets us back on track as a leader who leverages our economic power, our military power, our powers to persuade and compromise and bring people together. 
There are not many times in a person’s congressional career or in the course of history, for that matter, where a person can cast a vote literally for war or peace. Voting to support the Iran agreement is a vote to give peace a chance. 
Put diplomacy at the top of our agenda, stand up for our men and women in uniform, their families, and our Nation by avoiding war. Let us support a deal that is good for Israel, good for America, good for peace, and good for the world. 
Mr. Speaker, Representative YARMUTH and I wrote an oped piece for 
The Hill newspaper entitled ‘‘The Iran Nuclear Deal is Good for America and Good for Peace,’’ and I include it for the RECORD . 
and paths to Congress share little in common. A Catholic city councilman from Chicago and a Jewish journalist from Kentucky, the two of us naturally bring very different viewpoints to our work. But we are in complete agreement on one of the most important issues the U.S. faces—the nuclear agreement with Iran is good for America, crucial for Israel and an important step toward a more peaceful Middle East. 
The United States entered into negotiations with one prevailing goal: to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. After months of negotiations, we now have an agreement that will do just that. The deal severely restricts Iran’s nuclear program to only energygrade enrichment, eliminates much of the country’s uranium stockpile, retires most centrifuges and gives International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors more access in Iran than in any country in the world. Most importantly, under this deal, Iran can never have a nuclear weapon. 
do not share our enthusiasm for this deal, and we certainly share their mistrust for the Iranian regime. But this agreement is not built on trust. It’s built on strict verification and unprecedented enforcement. Iran has 
throughout its nuclear supply chain, leaving no site offlimits and ensuring the IAEA will have access wherever it needs it, whenever it needs it. 
Iran conceded to these terms after the success of crippling international sanctions. Relief from those sanctions will be introduced gradually, only after Iranian compliance is verified. And should leaders fail to comply at any point, those sanctions will automatically snap back into place. 
delaying Iran’s march toward a bomb. Sanctions were designed to make that march unbearable and force Iran to the negotiating table, where we could strike a deal that would truly make the world safer. 
left with two choices. Either we support the deal and stop Iran from getting a bomb, or we oppose the deal and allow Iran to resume its nuclear path, unchecked and no longer encumbered by the pain of global sanctions. 
Whether we like it or not, that is where we 
find ourselves. The sanctions’ effectiveness depended on a coalition that included China and Russia. Should the U.S. unilaterally defeat this agreement, deemed positive by all members of the coalition, China and Russia are unlikely to simply return to business as usual. The formation of the P5+1 negotiating countries—China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States, plus Germany—was a unique historical moment. A failure by Congress to recognize the significance of today’s moment would undo more than a decade of progress while leaving Iran’s nuclear program fully intact. 
to this deal. It’s why, despite all the criticism, no viable substitute has been offered. No one likes working with enemy nations, but deals like these aren’t necessary among friends. It’s understandable that much of the apprehension over these negotiations has to do with Iran’s history, and certainly, the past must be taken into account— it’s also why there is such high emphasis on verification. But we must not allow history to be the obstacle in working toward a better, more peaceful future. 
the Americans who remain unjustly imprisoned in Iran. We too had hoped negotiations would have already led to their release and share the urgent need to free them. But here too, the deal provides our best chance. An abrupt severing of ties would give us no means to free the prisoners, but in an improved negotiating climate, we have a real chance to secure their release. 
more than a decade of groundwork, the best and right path is now clear. 
a setback for our shared goal of a peaceful world, but it would be a major blow to American diplomacy. If we walk away, the future of international relations within the Middle East will be put at risk. China and Russia will have no need to deal with us if they again have the ability to deal with Iran directly. And Iran’s nuclear program will resume its growth, free of safeguards from the international community. 
is not a perfect deal. But no negotiation ends in perfection, and the results of this negotiation are very good. To be certain, it’s the best deal available. It’s good for the United States, good for our allies—most especially Israel—and it’s good for the Middle East. By cautiously and carefully inviting Iran to rejoin the world stage, we can guarantee it plays by the rules and finally ensure regional stability and security for all. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ). 
I rise to join the bipartisan opposition to the President’s nuclear deal with Iran. I didn’t arrive at this decision lightly. As a former Marine Corps intelligence officer, I know the difficulty of detecting covert military activity, and I fully expect Iran to cheat. 
no deal would be better than a bad deal. Now, as the sun sets on his final term, he has jammed Congress with an agreement riddled with dangerous concessions. No matter the verification arrangements, this deal does not block Iran’s pathway to a nuclear weapon. This much, we know. 
international terrorism with billions of dollars and longrange missiles requires Americans to compromise our Nation’s security. It is too high a price and one this marine is unwilling to pay. 
As sure as Iran will continue chanting ‘‘death to America,’’ ‘‘death to Israel,’’ I will oppose this agreement, and I will resolve to work on a nonpartisan basis to preserve peace by projecting strength. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ). 
Speaker, a nucleararmed Iran is certainly unacceptable, and there are two ways to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon: diplomacy and military force. 
believe our Nation’s first choice should always be diplomacy. I say ‘‘first choice’’ because nothing in this deal takes military action off the table, but before we go down that road, we need to give diplomacy a shot, and this deal is the best way forward. 
I am not new to the issue. I just finished serving 8 years on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. I have reviewed the intelligence; I have read the classified documents, and I have had numerous briefings with experts from every side of this issue. There is no other deal to be had. It is this, or it is the status quo. Make no mistake, the status quo leaves Iran just a short time away from a bomb. 
towards the fact that this agreement is far better than doing nothing, better than the status quo. Iran is already a nuclear threshold state. If we reject this deal, Iran will keep getting closer and closer towards the development of their nuclear weapon. 
If we accept the deal, we will be able 
to halt Iran’s activities. The IAEA will have enormous access to conduct inspections, and Iran must forever honor the conditions of the nonproliferation treaty or face the consequences. 
trust Iran, and I don’t like their leadership, but as it has been pointed out, 
you don’t negotiate peace agreements with those you know, like, and trust. 
about making Iran prove it is not developing a nuclear weapon. It is about keeping America and our allies safe. It is our best and only peaceful path forward. I urge the House to approve the Iran nuclear deal. 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ). 
Speaker, the first question is: Does Iran deserve the right to be trusted? 
If the answer to that is yes, then I 
would ask how. Tell me how Iran has earned this right to be trusted. If the answer is no, then obviously, you would have to verify if you don’t trust. 
If you actually look at the verification in this deal, in many cases, we are finding out from these secret agreements that it is actually Iran verifying for themselves that, in fact, they are going to be nuclear free. 
I am a veteran of Iraq, and one of the 
things that I think is largely forgotten in this debate, even though it has been mentioned a few times, is Iraq is responsible for the death of hundreds if not thousands of American soldiers, both directly and indirectly, through the explosive foreign penetrators they send to Iraq to kill American troops. 
there is all this talk about Iran cheating, and we know it is in the DNA of Iran to cheat anyway. They don’t even need to cheat. They can follow this deal to the T and become a zerotime breakout nuclear state. 
weapons to have the same kind of power if you are a zerotime breakout nuclear state. You just need to have the threat to marry a nuclear weapon to an intercontinental ballistic missile—which, by the way, we give Iran the right to have in year eight, ICBMs married up to the tip of a nuclear weapon. 
In 5 years, by the way, Iran can now 
take weapons from Russia, Europe— frankly, the United States if we wanted to sell it to them—because we lift the arms embargo against them. 
Emirates have asked us for the right to enrich or reprocess uranium—friends of the United States—and we told them no because of our dedication to keeping nuclear weapons out of the wrong hands. So we denied our best friends the right to enrich uranium, and we are getting ready to give it to our worst enemy. This deal will, in effect, end the Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty for the world, because we can never deny anybody the right to enrich uranium in the future. 
now, I should be used to the wild and spurious charges my Republican colleagues will level at the administration when they know they are about to lose a big battle. 
arms agreement that does exactly what needs to be done when it comes to preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, if it is enforced. There is not an argument or an objection against it that has not been debunked by actual regional and nuclear experts on both sides of the aisle. And yet not a single Republican in the entire United States Congress is willing to consider the deal’s exceptional merits—not a single one. Now, that is politics; that is not policy. Instead, we have spent 2 days watching the Republicans trip over themselves on how best to unanimously disapprove of this deal. 
You heard: either to war or let’s go get another deal. That is not going to happen. Everyone has told us that is not going to happen. It is the same neocons that have led us into 15 years of war in the Middle East that now want us to leave the thing open with Iran; don’t settle it. 
Secretary Moniz go toetotoe with the Iranians for months. Enduring the throughthenight meetings and countless strained arguments, our diplomats ultimately delivered the most far reaching nuclear agreement in history. There is nothing that compares with what we have here. That is real leadership. 
campaigns of misinformation and vitriol before—ObamaCare. If you were to play the ObamaCare arguments, they are the same ones that you are hearing today: Fear; fear, folks; you are going to lose your doctor; you are going to lose everything. And yet we now have it in place, and 20 million people have more health care. Now we are seeing it again. 
Credit goes to the man who is actually in 
the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who at best knows, in the end, triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall not be with these cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat. 
line. He has listened to this stuff for 2 years and came back with an agreement. You have got experts in Israel, you have got experts around the world saying that this is a good deal. Now, imagine if we were making this agreement 70 years ago with the Japanese. We had been at war with them. We wouldn’t have the same arguments. 
Vote against this bill. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
gentleman from Illinois made a few minutes ago. This deal effectively 
shreds the bipartisan NonProliferation Treaty, a bipartisan accomplishment, an accomplishment that has served to curtail proliferation for 50 years now. 
the first time, we are going to make an exception for Iran, an exception that everyone else is going to demand; and we are going to see an arms race, if this deal goes through, not just in the Middle East, but one that is going to threaten the wider world as well. 
today to voice my strong opposition to the President’s nuclear agreement with Iran. It is not good for America or her allies. 
The administration would have us believe that the only alternative to this deal is war. Those of us saying this is a bad deal are not advocating for war. We are advocating for a better deal, one that effectively prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon now, 15 years from now, and into the future. 
Instead of preventing a nuclear weaponcapable Iran, this deal allows Iran to keep its nuclear infrastructure; gives Iran billions of dollars in sanctions relief to promote terrorism and instability throughout the region; does not allow for anytime, anywhere inspections; lifts the arms embargo, allows Iran to acquire intercontinental ballistic missiles; and does nothing to free the four American hostages being held in Iran. 
aims to solidify a legacy rather than prevent a nuclear weaponcapable state sponsor of terrorism. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). 
I want to compliment all of my colleagues for all the time that everyone has spent going through the classified documents, listening to the hearings, listening to the ambassadors from all the other nations, listening to people on every side of this issue. 
right here today is what are the consequences, ultimately, of this decision. And the fact is we have learned that Iran is only several weeks away from the possibility of developing a nuclear weapon. Those are the hard, cold facts that we have been told. They haven’t, because of the sanctions and the restrictions that are in place. They have enough fissile material to make 8 to 10, maybe as many as 12 nuclear weapons. 
makes them give up 98 percent of that fissile material? They won’t have enough to build one bomb if this agreement is fully implemented. It makes them get rid of twothirds of the centrifuges. They will not be able to develop one bomb if this deal is implemented. If this deal is implemented, we retain 
the support of the international community, all of whom are committed to seeing to it that Iran does not have a nuclear weapon. And for those who prefer a military option, it is not taken off the table. 
until all of these conditions are met, none of the sanctions are lifted. They can be snapped back in a minute. We have got 24hour, 7daysaweek camera inspection. We have unprecedented inspection. 
will know about it. We can snap back the sanctions. And for those who want a military option, that is still on the table. 
This agreement gives diplomacy a chance. It is something that we can ill afford. The opposite may very well be something that forces us into another war in the Middle East, costing us trillions in treasury, costing us blood, and creating the prospects of a confrontation that is unimaginable and unacceptable. 
That is what this agreement is all about, Mr. Speaker. 
our Nation has heard from its elected Representatives on the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, affectionately known as the Iran nuclear deal. I stand here today to add my name to the list of Members who recognize what a terrible deal this is and the grave danger a ‘‘yes’’ vote creates for humanity. 
will be one of the most important votes a Member will cast in his or her term in Congress. I agree. 
paves the way for a nucleararmed Iran. I agree. 
of sanctions will further destabilize an already troubled region. I agree. 
as most have admitted, that Iran is the largest state sponsor of terror. I could go on and on: selfinspections, ballistic missiles, retention of centrifuges, side deals. 
deal. It is unconscionable that we would consider anything that leaves a path for Iran to possess a weapon, as this agreement does. 
the wrong side of history. I urge my colleagues to stand with the American people, defeat the resolution, and stop this very bad deal. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). 
President Ronald Reagan—since his name was used just a few moments ago by the leader—told Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in November of 1985 when they discussed the nuclear arms reduction. Go back to history and not have selective history. President Reagan said this: ‘‘I bet the hardliners in both our countries are bleeding when we shake hands.’’ 
If that doesn’t resonate, what will? And when the United States struck 
an agreement with the Soviet Union 2 years later to reduce the size of our Nation’s nuclear arsenals, President Reagan received much criticism, including, as conservative columnist George Will put it, for accelerating— listen to this—‘‘the moral disarmament of the West by elevating wishful thinking to the status of political philosophy.’’ 
President Reagan’s actions were not a capitulation to an entrenched enemy, but instead the underpinnings of a larger strategy that reduced the nuclear threat. 
on its ability to curb Iran’s hateful rhetoric or its role in destabilizing the Middle East, because that was never the goal of the agreement. 
am not convinced that a better deal— which exists only in the abstract at this point—will materialize if Congress were to reject the one before us. 
Rejecting this agreement, Mr. Speaker, would require the world’s largest 
economies, who are party to this multilateral agreement, to follow our lead and reimpose sanctions. 
Speaker, this is a bad deal. Even many of those who have found a way to justify voting for this deal can see that it is a bad deal. This deal enables Iran more money to fund terror, accumulate more power, and it will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East— and those points aren’t disputable. 
control over the inspection process that it is not possible to say that this deal provides the level of verification that even the administration demanded up until a few months ago. 
even see what the inspection procedures are other than that Iran gets to inspect itself. There is not accountability to Iran in this deal. 
can vote for this deal without knowing what the actual inspection and verification procedures are. We are sacrificing our strength and leverage to the unknown. 
coming out of Tehran over the past week reinforce that they cannot be trusted, that they will play games, and that their motives are evil and their terrorist activities will continue. Vote ‘‘no’’ to this deal. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). 
the chairman and the ranking member for doing the work necessary in a bipartisan way to inform the American people, as well as our body, of the concerns here today. So I rise today in strong and bipartisan opposition to the President’s dangerous deal with Iran. 
This onesided deal gives Iran virtually everything it wants, ultimately paving the way for them to develop a nuclear weapon and further destabilize the Middle East. It gives the Iranians billions in sanctions relief that will be used to finance terrorism. It gives Iran 24 days to cover its tracks before inspectors are allowed in. It even includes secret side deals that the President, Congress, and the American people have not seen. 
Meanwhile, four Americans tragically languish in Iranian prisons, including one Michiganian. 
party politics must take a backseat to the safety of the American people. I urge my colleagues to stand with our ally, Israel. Stand for security. Stand for peace. Stand for America. Don’t reward Iran for spreading terrorism, abusing human rights, and holding Americans hostage. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, a constituent, Ms. Debora Avgerinos, visited me the other day. She owns a restaurant in Brownsburg, Indiana, and she was perplexed about this agreement. 
that in her restaurant OSHA, the EPA, and anyone else from the Federal Government can come and inspect her at any time with no notice. Such is the case with this upsidedown administration. Our own Americans can be inspected at any time. 
biggest sponsor of terrorism, we can’t inspect them at all. We have to go through a third party and wait at least 24 days. Common sense turned upside down. Except in this case, Mr. Speaker, it is with grave danger to Americans and grave danger to our friend, Israel. 
this deal or war, and, in fact, there is no other deal, and I think that is patently false. In fact, I believe that this deal will, in all likelihood, bring war. 
And why do I think that? Well, we are putting $150 billion back 
in the hands of Iranians, and I want to know: Who here thinks that they are going to build hospitals? Who here thinks they are going to use that $150 
They are going to use it for ‘‘death to 
Please vote against this deal. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minute to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, the Iranian Government has American blood on its hands. It vows to kill as many more U.S. citizens as it can; it is committed to destroying Israel; and it funds, trains, and arms terrorists throughout the Middle East. 
dismantle their program. It rewards Iran with $100 billion in cash and frozen assets, and there are no anytime, anywhere inspections. In 5 years, Iran can develop or buy conventional weapons, and in 8 years, it can buy or develop an intercontinental ballistic missile. 
House and in the Senate hope that these radical mullahs will abandon their quest to become a military power. I submit to you, Mr. Speaker, that hope is not a national security strategy, especially against those who wish to kill us. 
our homeland and to keep us safe is to reject this deal. 
over a half a century ago, John F. Kennedy, in an era of difficult engagements with the Soviets, said: ‘‘Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.’’ 
Iran is grounded in strength and realism, but it is animated by something all too rare in foreign relations: hope. This is a strong deal that represents our best hope for lasting security and peace. 
As a veteran, I stand with our President and support this deal. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
walked away from a bad deal in Iceland. He walked away, and then he applied pressure; and as a consequence of that pressure, he then got a good deal. 
they did not walk away from a bad deal during the interim agreement. As a matter of fact, this administration rejected the stronger pressure that this House passed, with a vote of 400–20, and held that bill up in the Senate during its negotiations in the prior Congress and did not give us the leverage we needed for a good deal. But that is still available to us. 
North Korea. We remember what happened. But Iran won’t have to cheat like North Korea did to get close to a bomb, and that is because the essential 
restrictions on Iran’s key bombmaking technology expire. They sunset in 10 to 15 years. After these restrictions expire, Iran will be left with an internationally recognized, industrialscale nuclear program—and that is what the President concedes. As the President said of his own agreement, in year 13, 14, 15, Iran’s breakout times would have shrunk almost down to zero. 
testified to the Foreign Affairs Committee that this sunset clause is a disaster. It will enable the leading state sponsor of terrorism to produce enough material for dozens of nuclear weapons, all under the terms of the agreement. 
out, the bet that the administration is taking is that in 10 or 15 years, we will have a kinder, gentler Iran. But we are not going to have a kinder, gentler Iran because we are releasing to Iran $100 billion in immediate sanctions relief. That is the down payment. And Iran is guaranteed in all of this a reconnection to the global economy. 
Now, the point I want to make to the 
Members here is that that does not go to the average Iranian. It is the Quds Forces; it is the IRGC; it is the clerics that took over the major corporations in Iran; they are the ones that are going to receive that $100 billion, and we already know the impact of that. It is going to solidify the Supreme Leader’s grip on power. That is why he did the deal, to keep his revolution intact. 
price of oil. We had hyperinflation in Iran. We were in the position, had we exerted the additional pressure, to force a real choice between economic collapse and actual compromise on this program rather than what we got. 
But, by removing economic sanctions, the President is withdrawing one of our most successful peaceful tools from confronting the regime; and, as a result, 200 retired generals and admirals concluded this agreement will enable Iran to become far more dangerous. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
deal. This administration has made a lot of mistakes when it comes to foreign policy. This has got to be the worst one because this deal will not stop Iran from getting a bomb. This deal will all but guarantee it. 
We went into these negotiations saying that Iran had to eliminate its nuclear program, all of it, full stop. Now, they are saying that was unrealistic, too unreasonable, too pieinthesky. 
billions of dollars in sanctions relief. So Iran gets billions of dollars in exchange for what? For taking apart some—not all, just some—of its nuclear program? 
And then, in 10 or 15 years, all of 
these limits expire. In other words, they are getting something for essentially nothing. It is a steal. And that is 
this deal will bring about unprecedented transparency. We will get regular access, they say. We will see what Iran is up to, they say. But if the inspectors think something is up, Iran has 24 days to cover its tracks and, in some cases, Iran’s own inspectors will get to collect the evidence. 
from our military, we are going to let Iran buy ballistic missiles in just 8 years. Mr. Speaker, you only buy ballistic missiles if you are looking to build a bomb. 
idea. They get another big customer. But I don’t, for the life of me, understand why we would ever agree to this. 
a huge gamble here. He thinks if we make nice with the Iranian regime they will change their ways. Bring them into the global economy, and they will become more like us. 
want democracy, they want freedom. But we are not talking about the Iranian people here. We are talking about an extremist regime that is unaccountable to their own people. 
to America.’’ This is a regime that funds terrorism all around the world. This is a regime that has called for wiping Israel off the map. 
I would also point out that the sanctions we are lifting will let European and Asian companies build up Iran’s economy, and they will make the regime even stronger. And should Iran start to cheat—which they have a pretty darn good track record of doing so— it will be that much harder to put back in place the sanctions. Our trading partners, they will feel the pinch, and they won’t want to hold this regime accountable. 
oppose this deal. I know the President may have already lined up enough support to save his deal, but with this vote—with this vote—we need to send a message to both Iran and to the world: The regime may have bamboozled this administration, but the American people know that this is a rotten deal. 
the Middle East and the world at large will only become a much, much more dangerous place. 
seconds to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ), the ranking 
Mr. Speaker, this agreement represents the best path to achieving our goal of preventing Iran from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon, and it advances the national security interests of the United States and our allies, including Israel. 
President, our European partners, and the international community have imposed a series of tough economic sanctions on Iran with the goal of preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. Those sanctions brought Iran to the negotiating table and I commend President Obama, Secretary Kerry, and the entire team, along with our P5+1 partners, for their efforts to negotiate an agreement to prevent Iran from building a nuclear weapon. 
who will vote on this agreement, is whether it achieves its stated goals. 
After the JCPOA was submitted to Congress on July 19, 2015, I carefully reviewed all of its terms, attended the classified briefings and numerous presentations, and reviewed the transcripts of all the hearings that have been held in both the House and the Senate. I also met with opponents and supporters of the agreement before announcing my decision on July 30, 2015, the day after the final hearings before the Congressional August recess. While I respect the opinions of those on both sides of this issue, I concluded that this agreement advances the national security interests of the United States and all of our allies, including our partner Israel. This agreement is the best path to achieve our goal—that Iran never obtains a nuclear weapon. Indeed, I firmly believe that, should Congress block this agreement, we would undermine that goal, inadvertently weaken and isolate America, and strengthen Iran. 
measured against the realworld consequences of no agreement. Many forget that when these negotiations began in earnest two years ago, Iran was a threshold nuclear weapons state and remains so until and unless this agreement is implemented. As Prime Minister Netanyahu warned at the United Nations in 2012, Iran was a few months away from having enough highly enriched uranium to produce its first bomb. Today, prior to the implementation of this agreement, it has a nuclear stockpile that, if further enriched, could produce up to 10 bombs. It currently has installed nearly 20,000 centrifuges that could convert that fuel into weapons material. Indeed, many analysts believe that the combination of Iran’s nuclear stockpile and its centrifuges would allow it to produce enough weaponsgrade nuclear material for a bomb in two months. 
its nuclear material at its deep underground reactor at Fordow, a very difficult target to hit militarily. Moreover, Iran was in the process of building a heavywater reactor at Arak, which could generate plutonium to be used for a nuclear weapon. Finally, Iran has been operating for years under an inadequate verification regime that increases the risks of a covert program going undetected. 
acquiring weaponsgrade nuclear material and puts in place an inspection system that assures the detection of any violation and future dash to acquire a nuclear weapon. The Interim Agreement has already neutralized Iran’s stockpile of highly enriched uranium that Prime Minister Netanyahu highlighted in his speech. This final agreement will significantly scale back the remainder of its program. Iran’s 
9,900 kg to 300 kg, and that remainder will be limited to lowenriched uranium that cannot be used for a weapon. In addition, the agreement removes twothirds of Iran’s installed centrifuges. No enrichment activities may be conducted at Fordow for a period of 15 years, and the facility at Arak will be permanently converted to one that does not produce weapons grade plutonium. 
the breakout time from about two months to at least a year and put in place layers of verification measures over different timelines, including some that remain in place permanently. It is generally agreed that these measures would allow us to detect any effort by Iran to use its current nuclear facilities— Natanz, Fordow, or Arak—to violate the agreement. The main criticism with respect to verification is that the agreement does not sufficiently guard against an effort by Iran to develop a secret uranium supply chain and enrichment capacity at a covert place. However, the reality is that the agreement permanently puts in place an inspection mechanism that is 
more rigorous than any previous arms control agreement and more stringent than the current system. The agreement ultimately requires inspections of any suspected Iranian nuclear site with the vote of the United States, Britain, France, Germany, and the European Union. Neither the Chinese nor the Russians can block such inspections in the face of a united Western front. Are we really better off without this verification regime than with it? 
In exchange for rolling back its nuclear program and accepting this verification regime, Iran will obtain relief from those sanctions that are tied to its nuclear program. However, that relief will only come after Iran has verifiably reduced its nuclear program as required. Moreover, if Iran backslides on those commitments, the sanctions will snap back into place. The snapback procedure is triggered if the U.S. registers a formal complaint against Iran with the special commission created for that purpose. In addition, those U.S. sanctions that are not related to the Iranian nuclear program will remain in place, including U.S. sanctions related to Iran’s human rights violations, support for terrorism, and missile program. 
because it does not prevent Iran from engaging in adversarial actions throughout the Gulf, the Middle East, and elsewhere. That conduct, however, was never within the scope of these negotiations nor the objective of the international sanctions regime aimed at preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. President Reagan understood the distinction between changing behavior and achieving verifiable limits on weapons programs. He negotiated arms control agreements with the Soviet Union, not because he thought it would change the character of ‘‘the Evil Empire’’ but because limiting their nuclear arsenal was in the national security interests of the U.S. and our allies. That reality is also true today. An Iranian regime with nuclear capability would present a much greater threat to the region than an Iran without one. In fact, today, as a threshold nuclear weapons state, Iran wields more influence than it will under the constraints of this agreement. That is why our focus has appropriately been on reining in the Iranian nuclear program. 
Iran additional resources to support its priorities. Given the political dynamic in Iran, some 
of those additional resources will likely be invested to improve the domestic standard of living. But even if all the resources were used to support their proxies in the region, respected regional observers agree that they are unlikely to make a significant strategic difference. Moreover, any effort by Iran to increase support for its proxies can be checked by the U.S. and our allies through countermeasures. Finally, it is clear that any alternative agreement opponents seek would also result in the lifting of the sanctions and freeing up these resources. 
have failed to demonstrate how we will be in a better position if Congress were to block it. Without an agreement, the Iranians will immediately revert to their status as a threshold nuclear weapons state. In other words, they immediately pose the threat that Prime Minister Netanyahu warned about in his U.N. speech. At the same time, the international consensus we have built for sanctions, which was already starting to fray, would begin to collapse entirely. We would be immediately left with the worst of all worlds—a threshold nuclear weapons state with diminished sanctions and little leverage for the United States. 
I disagree with the view that we can force 
the Iranians back to the negotiating table to get a better deal. All of our European partners have signed on to the current agreement. Consequently, the U.S. would be isolated in its quest to return to negotiations. And in the unlikely event that we somehow returned to negotiations, the critics have not presented a plausible scenario for achieving a better agreement in a world where fewer sanctions means less economic pressure. 
The bottom line is that if Congress were to 
block the agreement and the Iranians were to resume nuclear enrichment activities, the only way to stop them, at least temporarily, would be by military action. That would unleash significant negative consequences that could jeopardize American troops in the region, drag us into another ground war in the Middle East, and trigger unpredictable responses elsewhere. Moreover, the United States would be totally isolated from most of the world, including our Western partners. The folly of that go italone military approach would be compounded by the fact that such action would only deal a temporary setback to an Iranian nuclear program. They would likely respond by putting their nuclear enrichment activities deeper underground and would likely be more determined than ever to build a nuclear arsenal. 
We don’t have to take that path. This agreement will give us a long period of time to test the Iranians’ compliance and assess their intentions. During that period, it will give us a treasure trove of information about the scope and capabilities of the limited Iranian nuclear program. Throughout that period and beyond, we reserve all of our options, including a military option, to respond to any Iranian attempt to break out and produce enough highly enriched material to make a bomb. But we will have two advantages over the situation as it is today—a more comprehensive verification regime to detect any violation and a much longer breakout period in which to respond. 
the fact that we have successfully limited the scope of Iran’s nuclear program does not mean we have limited its ambitions in the region. We must continue to work with our friends and allies to constantly contain and confront Iranian aggression in the region. The United States and Israel must always stand together to confront that threat. The fact remains that Iranian support for their terrorist proxy Hezbollah continues to destabilize Lebanon and poses a direct threat to Israel, as does its support for Hamas. We must do all we can to ensure that our ally Israel maintains its qualitative military edge in the region, including providing increased funding for Israel’s Arrow antiballistic missile and Iron Dome antirocket systems. Consideration should also be given to previously denied weapons if a need for such enhanced capabilities arises. We must always remember that some of Iran’s leaders have called for the destruction of Israel and we must never forget the awful past that teaches us not to ignore those threats. 
real. But all those threats are compounded by an Iran that is a threshold nuclear weapons state. This agreement will roll back the Iranian nuclear program and provide us with greater ability to detect and more time to respond to any future Iranian attempt to build a nuclear weapon. 
For all of the reasons given above, I’ve concluded that this is an historic agreement that should be supported by the Congress. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
For far too long, we faced the nightmare of Iran with nuclear bombs. Impacted by heavy sanctions, Iran finally agreed to negotiate, led by the United States and five other nations. After agreeing on a framework, which Iran complied with, the parties completed the muchdetailed Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. 
When I issued my statement of support for the JCPOA 6 weeks ago, its fate was uncertain. What decisively turned the tide was the impassioned leadership of the President with Secretaries Kerry and Moniz, combined with a momentous outpouring of support outside the political realm from a vast array of scientific experts, experienced diplomats, key figures from all religious faiths, a wide variety of military leaders, and informed expressions from major former governmental figures of the highest integrity, including Colin Powell and Brent Scowcroft. 
that there was no other workable alternative. This point was reinforced by the joint statement yesterday from British Prime Minister Cameron, French President Hollande and German Chancellor Merkel. They said, among other points: 
This is not an agreement based on trust or 
on any assumption about how Iran may look in 10 or 15 years. It is based on detailed, tightly written controls that are verifiable and longlasting. Iran will have strong incentives not to cheat: The near certainty of getting caught and the consequences that would follow would make this a losing option. 
JCPOA will go into effect, requiring the initial set of detailed obligations 
major center of attacks on the JCPOA, would hopefully have those who opposed now join with those who supported the agreement and work together to rekindle the kind of overall bipartisanship that Senator Arthur Vandenberg of Michigan urged should apply to key foreign policy issues as they ‘‘approached the water’s edge.’’ 
Surely this kind of rekindled bipartisanship needs to be undertaken in particular to take steps to deepen support for Israel’s security, to fight and defeat terrorism, and to rekindle efforts for viable peace negotiations. 
H.R. 3461, which is a vote of approval for the comprehensive agreement that would prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. 
H.R. 3460, which would suspend the President’s authority to waive sanctions and, in effect, prevent him from implementing the comprehensive agreement. 
I close. It is, indeed, time to move on 
and to take the next steps. Failure to do so but, instead, to perpetuate partisanship will, I strongly believe, be counterproductive for any who try it and for our entire Nation. We can and we must do much better. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
distinguished gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ), a member of the 
more than nuclear weapons. They are about the principles and values America holds dear. 
Iran continues to hold American prisoners hostage, sponsor terrorism around the world, and American soldiers have died because of the terrorist actions of Iran. And just this week the Iranian Supreme Leader said that Israel will be destroyed within 25 years. 
we willing to put $150 billion into the hands of an Iranian regime who chants ‘‘Death to America’’ and wants to eliminate Israel from the Earth? 
American lives on the promises of a leader who believes those same American lives are worth nothing? 
I refuse to sit idly by while this administration leaves the safety, stability, and security of everyone everywhere at the whim of Iran, whose neighbors fear them and allies consist of the Assad regime and Hezbollah. This agreement with Iran would threaten all that we hold dear. 
bipartisan opposition against the Iran deal and, instead, support the security of America above the dangerous desires of Iran. 
my pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL) who, to put it mildly, is a senior 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, my fellow Members, this is a historic occasion for the House and a very emotional time for me because, unfortunately, I have known war. I have known the horrors of war. 
And I speak for all of those that have 
had this horrendous experience to say that we should always give diplomacy a chance before we put any American in harm’s way. 
I don’t think any of us, with any degree of certainty, have any idea whether this agreement is going to hold or if we can contain the criminal, inhumane ambitions of the leadership in Iran. 
What we do know is that the international powers not just of China, not 
just of Russia, but of the United Kingdom, of France, of Germany, and the thinking of the United States of America, truly believe that this is the best possible way to avoid war. 
It would seem to me that now is not 
the time for us to engage in exchanges that separate and bring us apart as a Nation. The rules of the House and the Senate make it abundantly clear that, whether you like it or not, this is going to become the policy of the United States of America. This will not be the policy of President Obama, of Democrats or Republicans, but the policy of our great Nation. 
It pains me, as I am about to leave 
service in this august body, that we have people in this Chamber that have such hatred and disdain for the leadership of this country that they would put this feeling above what is the best policy for the security of this great, beloved Nation of mine. 
United States was able to walk on water, there would be people in this Chamber that would say: See, we told you that he couldn’t swim. 
And so what I am saying—— Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Will the gentleman yield? 
that. Because the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN) said that China and 
Russia are supporting this because they want to sell arms to Iran. 
that includes the United Kingdom, that includes France, that includes Germany, that includes people that are talking about that this is the best way that we are able to do this. 
So what I am saying is this: 14 years 
ago a terrible thing happened to my country, to my city, when terrorists struck on 9/11. And now we have the opportunity to bring our country together the way we did then. Fourteen years ago, there were no Republicans. There were no Democrats. There were Americans that would say we have to come together. 
agreement. This is the policy of the United States of America—or soon will 
be. Should we not be saying: What is the enforcement? What are we going to do? What happens if they violate it? 
Republicans, and Democrats or are we here to preserve the dignity and the integrity of the United States of America, no matter who is the President? 
If ever there was a time for us to 
come together and support the policy, the time is now. 
book, if you cannot win a debate on the merits, is to impugn the other person’s motives. 
People who are opposing this agreement, whether they be Republicans or many of the Democrats who are opposing this agreement, are opposing this agreement because it is a terrible agreement, and there is no other reason. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, this nuclear deal isn’t much of a deal at all. It is a gift to the Iranian regime. 
For starters, we gave them permanent sanctions relief to the tune of $150 billion in exchange for temporary enrichment restrictions. 
United States the Great Satan, and just this week he said that Israel will not exist in 25 years. 
carry out when they cash in their billions. Under this agreement, Iran will undoubtedly become the central bank of terror. 
shrugged off the opportunity for true ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ inspections. Instead, we gave Iran an opportunity of at least 24 days to slowwalk investigations of their nuclear sites and conceal signs of noncompliance. 
deal that was not transmitted here to Congress, we have learned that Iran will be allowed to selfinspect a key military base. 
who vote for this agreement will be voting for a deal that they have not seen in full. 
world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism without knowing every last detail. We cannot and should not leave anything to chance when it comes to the security of America and our allies. 
I will be casting my vote on behalf of 
Tennessee’s Sixth District against this dangerous deal, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of diplomacy and a pathway to peace. 
hard about this decision. I attended briefings, read the documents, and met with citizens of my district. I even had a long executive session with myself. 
Luther King, Jr., when he called upon us to rededicate ourselves to the long and bitter, but beautiful, struggle for a new world. The way of peace is one of those immutable principles. 
reflection, I believe that it is a good deal. No, it may not be perfect. But do not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. 
floor several years ago and speaking against the war in Iraq. I said it then, and I will say it again today: ‘‘War is messy; it is bloody; it destroys the hopes, the aspirations, and the dreams of a people.’’ 
around the world—are sick and tired of war and violence. We do not need more bombs, missiles, and guns. When you turn on the news, when you read the newspaper, you see a mass dislocation. Too many people are suffering, and many are desperate for a chance at peace. 
this may be the most important vote that we cast during our time in Congress. To put it simply, it is nonviolence or nonexistence. 
along with the votes of others, will be a downpayment for peace towards a world community at peace with itself. 
the message that we can lay down the burdens and tools of war. Maybe we can come together as a family of human beings. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a moral obligation, a mission, and a mandate to give peace a chance. Give peace a chance. 
at this time, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. BOEHNER ), the Speaker of the 
Mr. BOEHNER. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, later today, we are going to cast two votes. These votes will be amongst the most consequential votes that we will cast—some of us—in our 
the President and the Congress with providing for the common defense for good reason. It is the core responsibility of our Federal Government. It is the key to our freedom and for all of our opportunities. 
That is why, at the front of the oath 
every Member takes, it states: ‘‘I do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.’’ 
As we consider this nuclear agreement with Iran, it is our duty to determine whether it will keep America safe. 
anything I could have imagined. Why? It is because the President and his negotiators broke every one of their promises. 
Does this deal dismantle Iran’s nuclear program or shut off their path to a nuclear weapon as they promised it would? No. Instead, it allows Iran to keep thousands of nuclear centrifuges spinning, as they are today. Within 10 years, in the best case, it allows Iran to achieve a nuclear status. 
Was this agreement built on verification? No. It appears a side deal will trust Iran to selfinspect a key site where the regime conducted tests on nuclear detonators. Of course, we haven’t seen that actionable side deal, and we don’t know if there are any other secret components. 
to have anywhere, anytime, 24/7 access as they promised it would? No. Inspectors will have to wait up to 24 days for access to suspicious sites. 
administration admits that nothing at the UN happens in a snap. 
missile program as they promised it would? No. Actually, the agreement lifts the arms and missile embargoes in 5 and 8 years, respectively, and it allows Iran to build ICBMs capable of delivering a nuclear warhead right here at the United States of America. 
Does this agreement affect Iran’s status as the world’s leading sponsor of terror? Yes, it actually does. It hands Iran billions of dollars to support more of their terrorist activities around that part of the world, and it gives amnesty to the shadow commander responsible for the deaths of hundreds of American troops in Iraq. 
That is right; this is such a bad deal that the Ayatollah won’t even have to cheat to be just steps away from a nuclear weapon. 
votes. These votes are aimed at stopping President Obama from unilaterally lifting sanctions on Iran and ensuring accountability. 
with Iran, President Obama refused to listen. He ignored the concerns of the American people, national security experts, and a bipartisan majority here in the Congress. Now, he is preparing to try and force this deal over our objections. 
with so many consequences for our national security been rammed through with such little support. 
Today is September 11. It is a day for 
all Americans to come together and for us to keep the oath we swore to our Constitution. Our fight to stop this bad deal, frankly, is just beginning. We will not let the American people down. 
my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), our leader, who, indeed, as she 
goes to speak, has been our leader on this effort. 
the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership, for the courage it took for him and the humility to listen and to learn what was in this legislation and this agreement. That is something that I commend the Members of the House for doing, to listen and to learn. 
Our distinguished Speaker just referenced the oath of office that we take when we become Members of Congress. It is a vow that we make to the American people, to protect and support our Constitution and our responsibility to protect and defend the American people. 
an agreement to make America safer— indeed, to make the world a safer place—so say the nuclear scientists and the diplomats, so say the military and security leaders of both parties or of no party, so does the faith community beseech us to do. 
a prayer to God to ‘‘help the Members of this House to recognize that you are with us in our deliberations.’’ Indeed, as we cast our votes on this historic agreement, we are thankful to God, that God was with us to, again, give us the humility to learn and the courage to act; and for that, we should all be grateful. 
for this agreement, as I have said, comes from both sides of the aisle. More than 100 former diplomats— Democrats and Republicans and ambassadors, et cetera—wrote: 
congressional support and the opportunity to show it can work. We firmly believe that the most effective way to protect U.S. national security and that of our allies and friends is to ensure that toughminded diplomacy has a chance to succeed before considering other more risky alternatives. 
wrote: ‘‘There is no better option to prevent an Iranian nuclear weapon. If the Iranians cheat’’—as the Speaker suggested they might—‘‘If the Iranians cheat, our advanced technology, intelligence and the inspections will reveal it, and U.S. military options remain on 
the table. And if the deal is rejected by 
America, the Iranians could have a nuclear weapon within a year. The choice is stark.’’ 
when our colleagues come to the floor and say, under this agreement, Iran can be a nuclear power in 10 or 15 years, so we should reject this agreement, no. Without the agreement, they are a threshold nuclear power right now and can have a weapon within months or a year. It seems to me the choice is clear, as the generals and admirals pointed out. 
distinguished Speaker pointed out some shortcomings, in his view, in the agreement. That is disagreed with by the best nuclear physicist, who wrote to congratulate the President on the agreement. Now, these are Nobel laureates, and these are engineers, nuclear physicists, who work and specialize in nuclear weapons research and development. 
Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action the United States and its partners negotiated with Iran will advance the cause of peace and security in the Middle East and can serve’’—this is really important—‘‘as a guidepost for future nonproliferation agreements.’’ 
They went on to say: ‘‘This is an innovative agreement, with much more stringent constraints than any previously negotiated nonproliferation framework.’’ 
That is why they were congratulating the President of the United States. 
Conroy this morning. I also, this morning, saw in The Washington Post that the Prime Minister of the U.K., David Cameron; the French President, Francois Hollande; and German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, wrote an oped that said: ‘‘This is an important moment. It is a crucial opportunity at a time of heightened global uncertainty to show what diplomacy can achieve.’’ 
‘‘This is not an agreement based on trust or on any assumption about how Iran may look in 10 or 15 years. It is based on detailed, tightly written controls that are verifiable and longlasting.’’ 
They said: ‘‘We condemn in no uncertain terms that Iran does not recognize the existence of the state of Israel and the unacceptable language that Iran’s leaders use about Israel. Israel’s security matters are, and will, remain our key interests, too.’’ 
Hollande, and Chancellor Merkel then said: ‘‘We would not have reached the nuclear deal with Iran if we did not think that it removed a threat to the region and the nonproliferation regime as a whole . . . We are confident that the agreement provides the foundation for resolving the conflict on Iran’s nuclear program permanently. That is why we now want to embark on the full implementation of the Joint 
in support of the agreement that enhances our vigilance and strengthens our security. 
story of Solomon in the Bible. When King David died and Solomon was to become king, he was uncertain as to his ability to be king in terms of his wisdom and the rest. He prayed to God and prayed that God would give him the wisdom because David was such a great king and how could he say to God, I am going to be the king of your people, help me with wisdom? 
God came to him in the night, and he 
said: Solomon, because you did not ask for longevity, because you did not ask for great riches, because you did not ask for vengeance upon your enemies, I will give you more wisdom than anyone has ever had; and you will be renowned for wisdom, the Solomon of wisdom which sprang from humility, the humility to pray for enlightenment, for knowledge, for wisdom, for judgment. 
job that we do here. We don’t have foregone conclusions. That is why I am so proud of my Members who spent so much time studying this issue, not only reading the agreement and the classified sections and the rest, but seeking answers, having information, seeking validation from generals and admirals and scientists and leaders of other countries as to what their actions would be should we, unfortunately, reject this, which happily we will not do today. 
minds to learn, and when they learned, they had the courage to take action where some others of their friends may not have arrived yet because they did not have the benefit of all of this information. Wherever Members come down on this issue, we know one thing—that we have to come together in the end to protect our country and to stop the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. 
that I have had decades of experience in tracking Iran and its nuclear ambitions. I have served longer than anyone—more than two times more than anyone—on the Intelligence Committee, so I know of what I speak. I went to the Intelligence Committee to stop the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and that gave me some judgment as to what the President brought back in this agreement. Still, I was subjected to the harshest scrutiny as to, from my experience, if I thought that this was the best possible route we could achieve. 
what they don’t do but respect them for what they do do; and what this does is to make our country safer, the region safer, and our friends in Israel safer as their own national security experts have attested. 
thank you for listening, for learning, for coming to whatever conclusion you came to, but for understanding that, at the end of the day, we have respect for each other’s opinions and a regard for our responsibilities to our people, to the people in the region, to our friend Israel, and also a global responsibility. 
I join the nuclear physicist in congratulating President Barack Obama for his great leadership and for giving us this opportunity. 
history as the approval of the agreement goes forward. We will be making progress for the cause of peace in the world. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), a distinguished member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
just recalled the invocation, that of invoking God’s presence, and she said that we had prayed for wisdom, and she called us to act humbly. 
submit ourselves to the collective wisdom of a majority of this body and to a majority of the other body? I would suggest a majority of this body and a majority of the other body think this is a bad idea. 
should listen and learn. It is not a bad idea, so let’s listen to what is in the bill, itself. The bill, itself, gives $150 billion in sanctions relief to the Iranian Government. 
with $150 billion? Is it all going to go to pave roads? Is it going to go to build schools in Tehran? Is it going to fix water systems? I do not think so, and neither does President Obama. Listen to his own words. 
flow to activities that we object to. We have no illusions about the Iranian Government or the significance of the Revolutionary Guard. 
money would go to the Iranian military and could potentially be used for all kinds of bad behavior that we have seen in the region up until now. 
of $150 billion. Is it going to be half? Is it going to be a quarter? Is it going to be 10 percent? Is it going to be 1 percent—1 percent of that money—$1.5 billion? Doing what—funding Hamas? funding Hezbollah? killing Americans? Let’s listen and let’s learn. 
this is definitely the policy of the United States. Definitely. It is a fait 
have this debate and this discussion. It is all over according to his world view. I don’t buy it. I don’t buy that for a second. I am not going to lay down here and let the President of the United States run roughshod in his probably—let’s think about it. Is this just a bad idea, or is this the worst bill ever? the worst idea ever? I think it wins the ‘‘worst idea ever’’ award. 
it was crazy talk as to the idea that the President of the United States had standing, and it was crazy talk a week ago that the House of Representatives had standing in the courts. Now, do you know what the courts have said? The House has standing. 
So, as to the notion that this is all 
done and that this is just a settled case, it is not. I think we have got to be very, very clear about what is going on, and we need to listen, and we need to learn, and we need to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
our Speaker stood before us a few minutes ago and sounded a somber, serious note. I am sorry the process that we are going through does not reflect that somber, serious attitude. It is sad that it has come to this: a parody of what could have been a weeklong, thoughtful, thorough debate about our relationship with Iran, which Republicans, instead, have turned into an incoherent, partisan shouting match. It ignores the reality, the complexity, and the opportunity. 
There has been no discussion, for example, about how America seriously mismanaged our relationship with Iran since we helped the British overthrow their popularly elected government in 1953 and installed the Shah as dictator; how we backed the murderous Saddam Hussein’s war against Iran that cost up to 1 million lives, and we looked the other way when he used poison gas—a real weapon of mass destruction; how we labeled them the ‘‘axis of evil’’ when they were working with us in a postTaliban Afghanistan. It is amazing that the majority of Iranian people still likes us. 
Iranian leadership; but, for years, I have been working for a diplomatic solution with other countries because sanctions only work when other countries join us. Well, they did, and we have an opportunity today to enforce a nonnuclear future for Iran. 
somehow, they are going to get $150 billion. That talking point, however, ignores the reality. Those five powerful countries that joined with us, that help get the agreement, they are going to walk away if America walks away from the sanctions they have imposed on Iran if America walks away from the deal. As multilateral sanctions will dissolve, Iran will get its money anyway and nuclear weapons, if it wants, in a year or two. It will be the United 
States and Israel that will be isolated, and the world will be less safe. 
the major independent experts have said the Iran Nuclear agreement is the best alternative for the United States. Not a perfect agreement, but the best agreement. Let’s use all of our time and energy to make this agreement work and to strengthen relationships in the Middle East to avoid more mistakes currently championed by the same people who gave us the disastrous Iraq war. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), a distinguished member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
In any deal, you never get what you deserve. You get what you negotiate. Let me give you a contrast between what two Presidents say when they talk about deals. 
that it is either this agreement or war. President Reagan said there is no argument over the choice between peace and war, but there is only one guaranteed way you can have peace, and you can have it in a second—surrender. 
drift back to 14 years ago, on a morning very eerily like today, when America awoke, and some Americans were going off to work in the World Trade Center, when some Americans were going off to work at the Pentagon, and when some Americans boarded flights for destinations that they thought they were going to get to. Three thousand Americans said goodbye that morning to their families and their loved ones, thinking that they would see them again, never knowing that they would never be able to say that again, would never be able to kiss them goodbye, would never be able again to celebrate a birthday or any other meaningful event in their lives because of an act of terrorism. 
Flight 93. Thirtyseven passengers and seven crew members boarded the airplane destined for San Francisco. That is not where the plane landed. That plane is embedded in a smoldering crater in the peaceful countryside of Shanksville, Pennsylvania, because of terrorists. The members of that flight crew and those passengers performed the greatest act of religious sacrifice that you can do. They gave up their lives for the lives of their fellow Americans. They walked away from futures filled with promise and decided it was more important at that moment to sacrifice themselves. 
How in the world can we sit in America’s House—and I speak to you today not as a Republican but as an American. My friends, as we let our eyes fill with tears over the great loss that day and as our ears pick up on the message from our enemies in the East of ‘‘death 
to Israel,’’ ‘‘death to the Great Satan,’’ ‘‘death to America,’’ let us resound with long and lost strength and temerity and say: ‘‘Listen. Never again. Never again. Never again.’’ Let those words echo forever and ever, not only in your ears but in your hearts. Do not cave in. Do not sacrifice the safety, the security, and the stability of 330 million Americans for the legacy of one man. 
That is not who we are. That is not 
who we have ever been. That is not who we will ever be. 
my friends—and my fellow Americans, vote against the greatest betrayal we have ever seen in this country. This is not a deal that protects America. It is unenforceable. It is unverifiable. This is just a horrible deal. 
last speech indicates, it is hardly by chance that the House Republican leadership has scheduled these votes on 9/ 11—votes on an agreement to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon—ever. 
The justifiable fear of another terrorist attack and the justifiable outrage about the terrorist attack of 9/11 have been exploited before today. They were exploited to justify the disastrous invasion of Iraq. While few Americans today will recall that, actually, after 9/ 11 there was some early support in Iran against al Qaeda terrorism, few can forget the oft repeated and rather deceitful warning that promoted the rush to war in Iraq: ‘‘We don’t want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.’’ 
Once again, the specter of this mushroom cloud is being raised with those who would interfere with an international, diplomatic success—an agreement that would avoid putting us on another path to war. The same kind of folks who urged us to rush into Baghdad are the same folks who told us back before we even had this agreement that it wouldn’t work and that we ought to begin bombing in Tehran and in the surrounding area. They are the same folks who said that it would only take a few days of bombing and it would all be over. It is the same poor logic that took us into a disaster in Iraq, which cost so many families the ultimate sacrifice and the waste of over $1 trillion. 
Towers. It is a debate, though, that would be a twin wrong if we follow the same approach we took the last time. 
them at each opportunity, but this is not about sanctions. It is about a last ditch effort to undermine a diplomatic victory. 
weak on alternatives. They talk about a ‘‘secret.’’ The biggest secret is what they would do other than bomb first and ask questions later. 
Israeli CIA, says we are putting in place a verification system, which is second to none and has no precedent. 
week in Congress. The President will be sustained, and families here and in Israel will be safer. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED), a member 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I have listened to this debate. I have read this agreement. I heard my colleague from Illinois say something that resonates with me. 
we should listen to the American people. They are overwhelmingly saying: This is dangerous. Reject this deal. Let’s listen to the leaders that say this puts us in more jeopardy of going to war. 
human being in America that wants to go to war. To classify us on this side of the aisle as having a desire to go to war, shame. But you will get peace through strength, and you need to put the American citizens first. 
citizens that are sitting in an Iranian jail right now and the President said: We tried to negotiate it, but they wouldn’t talk to us? Well, then you walk away. 
What about the families that are represented in the $47 billion worth of judgments that have been filed against Iran because they suffered terrorist acts at the hands of Iran and we are going to give $150 billion to Iran without paying those fellow American citizens, those families who suffered and lost dear loved ones? Stupidity. American citizens always must be first. 
what its intention is here. It wants a nuclear weapon. It wants to destroy Israel. It wants to destroy America. Listen to their own words. If you do, we would say we want peace, but it will be on our terms from a position of strength. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this deal. Mr. LEVIN. I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY), another distinguished member of 
man. I like M IKE. I admire him. But I 
think he did a disservice to the House and to this debate by bringing up the issue of 9/11. 
least showing that that is what this is all about, having this debate today and this vote today to stir the emotions of 
this day. Fourteen years ago, I knew people who died that day. My cousin died. My friends died. I don’t need to be reminded of that. But it will not cloud my decisionmaking on this important issue. 
Comprehensive Plan of Action. This has been a difficult decision for me, and I know it has been for many of my 
against this deal before you even read it. But for those of you who took the time to read the agreement and came to a different conclusion, you have my deep and profound respect because we both share the same goals. 
After carefully studying this agreement, I believe it is important to give diplomacy the opportunity to succeed. The agreement takes important steps to address Iran’s nuclear program. 
Under this agreement, both the current uranium and plutonium paths to a bomb are addressed and all of Iran’s operating uranium enrichment will be centralized into a single facility that is penetrable by U.S. air power. 
the United States from bolstering our allies and aggressively pushing back against Iran’s other nefarious activities. 
There is more we can do and must do, 
including strengthening Israel, Jordan, and our other allies in the region. Israel is the only country being threatened with annihilation. I know that. So it needs and deserves a quantitative and qualitative military advantage. 
Iran’s leadership somehow gets the idea that they can attack us or wipe out our friends, the United States and our allies will have the capability, the will, and the power to confront Iran’s nuclear program and destroy it. 
world. We have the best intelligence service in the world. America will always be prepared. 
whether Iran will give up its program, not Republicans nor Democrats. If they don’t, we have options. But we can do this and give this plan the opportunity to work, and I am prepared to do that. 
talk about bipartisanship, a real profile in courage would be for one of you to support your President, one Republican to stand and support your President. 
stood here in the House of Representatives and I gave the benefit of the doubt to the thenPresident, and he took us to war. I will give today the benefit of the doubt to your President to take us to peace. 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), a distinguished member 
didn’t take an oath of office to defend my President. I took an oath in office to defend my country. 
nothing makes it more dangerous than a nucleararmed Iran. This isn’t a Republican versus Democrat issue. This is true security versus false security at a critical moment in world history. 
studied it. You have got to ask yourself three key questions: Does this stop Iranian’s nuclear capability for the long term? No. Does it stop the spread of nuclear weapons in the Middle East? No. More importantly, does this make America and our allies like Israel safer? The answer is no. And even supporters believe that to be true. No. 
our world deserves, an agreement that dismantles Iran’s nuclear capability, not just delays it for a small while at best. 
It makes our country and our allies at risk. That is why I support stopping the President, suspending the President, from lifting the sanctions in this agreement. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 8
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), a distinguished member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
an opportunity to listen to the debate. Some of the things that are going on, yes, they are heated. 
But as we look at this historic agreement—my good friend from New York just asked: Will you stand with your President? I have stood with the President before. 
take a look at this agreement. This is a historic mistake. This is one that will jeopardize the safety and security of the United States. 
And I want to echo that this is a bipartisan opposition. So this is not about left versus right. This is about right versus wrong. 
in bed at night, a 13yearold, an 11 yearold and an 8yearold, and I look into the faces of those that are here, these young Americans, and I wonder what type of country they will inherit with a nucleararmed Iran, for me, that is unacceptable. 
to make sure that Iran never has the ability to achieve a nuclear weapon. And, yet, this agreement, according to BOBMENENDEZ , all but preserves it, a 
In this agreement, the ballistic missile embargo is lifted in 8 years, an arms embargo in 5 years. 
My friends, what do you use a ballistic missile for? I would argue it is not to drop leaflets. It is not for humanitarian purposes. It is to have a reign of terror in the United States of America. For me, that is completely unacceptable. 
from, what district you are in, this is about will we be safer. And the answer is simply no. 
I believe that this agreement ultimately will be an arms race in the Middle East. We have talked about France. We have talked about the U.K. We have talked about Germany. 
Has anybody asked the neighborhood? Has anybody asked Saudi Arabia or the UAE or Egypt or Israel? The answer is no because they are uniformly against this because they know Iran’s ultimate goal is to not only devastate that region, but to devastate the 
Mr. DOLD. This is not about partisanship. Please hear me. We don’t want to bring up 9/11 in the sense that we want to do it on this day, 9/11. 
But I do think that it does smack of 
the idea that we never want to see that dirty bomb that comes into a container ship, that goes into New York, Miami, or Washington, D.C. Because you know what? No one wants to relive what happened on that day 14 years ago. 
Yet, if we do not step up in a united 
front and stop this, my fear is that we will relive that day again. That, for me, is unacceptable. I implore you all, my colleagues, my friends, to stand up against this awful historic mistake. 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE), the distinguished 
member of the Budget Committee and member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Speaker, this week Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, the person with whom President Obama and his administration say they have reached an agreement that we should support, doubled down, once again calling the United States the Great Satan. 
And he further declared, after negotiations, there will be nothing left of Israel in 25 years and, until then, jihadi morale will leave not a moment of serenity. 
This is the very man that the President of the United States is blindly trusting if we endorse this deal. 
on every single red line and point of leverage that the United States had. There are no ‘‘anytime, anyplace’’ inspections. There is no accountability for past Iranian nuclear activities. Conventional armament bans will be lifted. Ballistic missile bans will be lifted. 
deal paves a shiny yellow brick road for Iran to spread Islamic extremism, death, and destruction around the world, not to mention an unprecedented nuclear arms race across the entire Middle East. 
single resource or benefit received by Iran funds Islamic terrorism. We should have made sure that Iran publicly accepts Israel’s right to exist, that genocide is unacceptable, that stated goals of wiping entire groups of people and nations off the Earth is unacceptable. 
made certain that four American hostages, including a Christian pastor being held in Iran, were released. Of course, not a single one of these objectives were achieved. 
compelling Iran to renounce nuclear holocaust or Islamic terrorism or genocide were simply far too unreasonable to request. 
surely demonstrate that it will be a shameful stain in the history of the world. 
Now, we pray that terrible ramifications do not come to fruition. However, if the past is prologue, this agreement may very well make any further action or concerns voiced by anyone too little, too late. 
A nuclear Iran spells nothing but disaster. For safety at home and abroad, this agreement must be rejected. 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), a distinguished 
Speaker, after listening to this debate, I commend President Obama and Secretary Kerry for their leadership and resolve in crafting the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action reached between the P5+1 nations and Iran. I do so because this is a plan which promotes peace and security, not war or the continuous threat of war. 
agreement will fully satisfy everyone, but I can tell you that, for me and the constituents of the Seventh District of Illinois, we say let’s give peace a chance. We say let’s support the position of our President, but we also say let’s support the position of our experts, let’s support the position of our allies, let’s heed the words of the prophets who say, ‘‘Come and let us reason together’’ or we shall all be ‘‘utterly destroyed by the edge of the sword.’’ 
Yes, we say let’s support the most rational, the most logical, the most comprehensive, and the most effective path 
to peace that we know. Yes, it is not about supporting the position of any single individual, but it is about supporting what is good for America. It is about supporting what is good to help stabilize our world so that we can exist with the idea that peace is, indeed, possible and war is not inevitable. 
Yes, I support the President. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
distinguished member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to lifting economic sanctions on Iran. Throughout August, I spoke with many Nebraskans all across my district at public meetings. In addition to their frustration over the reach of the Federal Government, the most common concern they shared with me involved the Iran deal. 
will impact not only our country’s future, but also, I believe, the stability of the world. I am opposed to this deal and believe Congress must reject it and allow U.S. negotiators to go back to the table. 
Permanently lifting economic sanctions on Iran, as this deal does, would allow global financial resources to flow into a country still included on our list of state sponsors of terrorism. Not only does this deal end longheld sanctions, it also lifts arms embargoes, as we have heard. 
ends in 5 years under this agreement, and the ballistic missile ban is lifted in 8 years. We should be mindful of our closest ally in the region, Israel, whose leaders continue to gravely warn us of the dangers of trusting the Iranian regime. 
are either accepting this deal or going to war. I think that rhetoric is irresponsible. Economic sanctions have served as one of the most effective peaceful methods of suppressing the Iranian regime. When our national security is on the line, reaching no deal is certainly better than advancing a bad deal. 
pursue a stronger agreement which enforces greater accountability measures on Iran and prioritizes the safety of our country and our allies. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 6
minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). 
rise with so many of my colleagues today in remembrance of one of the worst days in our Nation’s history. It is a solemn day of remembrance and prayer for those who lost their lives on that fateful day. 
a nation in fighting terrorism, which we know remains a threat every single day in this country. September 11 is a day burned in the hearts and souls of all Americans, and we must work hard together—together—to ensure that we never witness such a horrific tragedy in our homeland ever again. 
like my colleague from New York, Mr. CROWLEY , as a woman who lost a cousin in a terrorist act and watched a woman I love never recover from her son’s death. We all care. 
whole, have a responsibility to work with nations across the world in pursuit of peace. My district is home to one of the largest populations of Arab Americans in the country who, like so many of us, came to the United States as immigrants. They are among the most patriotic Americans I know. They are proud to be Americans and have made numerous contributions to this great Nation. Today, I ask you to also remember this. 
I rise in support of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Like so many, it was not an easy decision, and it was made with the utmost respect for my colleagues and friends on both sides of the aisle. This process has shown me that, no matter what decision one reaches on this issue, almost everyone shares the same concerns, and they have been named and reviewed many times, so I am not going to go over them. 
have said many times—it is not based on trust. It is based on verification. That is the last point I want to address today. 
deal will not end with this vote. In fact, it will just be the beginning. This effort must be bipartisan, and I hope it will be divorced from the acrimonious politics that have dominated too much of this discussion 
my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: let’s work together for peace in the Middle East and across the globe. 
rhetoric only complicate an already difficult decision. September 11 should be a day that we use to remind us of what binds us together, the values we share, the love of America that every one of us in this institution has, and let’s work together to protect this Nation we so dearly love. 
from Minnesota (Mr. P AULSEN ), another distinguished member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Members, military leaders, national security experts, diplomats, administration officials, Democratic and Republican Members of Congress all agree that sanctions against Iran have worked. 
Congress in this body—a huge bipartisan majority—voted to increase sanctions on Iran because they recognized that smart, targeted sanctions would curtail the Iranian economy and help unite the world against the Iranian nuclear weapons program. 
came to the negotiation table. I support diplomatic efforts and was hopeful that the President would be able to bring back a good deal. In fact, 365 Representatives—84 percent of the House— sent a letter to the President, saying we could accept a deal that accomplished four things: had a longlasting deal that ensured that Iran had no pathway to a bomb; that it fully disclosed the military aspects of its program; that we had anytime, anywhere inspections; and that we would address Iran’s ballistic missile capabilities and its destabilizing role in the region. 
deal is the strongest nonproliferation agreement ever negotiated, but that just isn’t true. In our nonproliferation agreement with Libya, we demanded that they completely eliminate centrifuges, halt all advanced centrifuge research and development, that they completely eliminate their enriched uranium stockpile, that they give unfettered access to the IAEA, and that they completely eliminate their long range missile program, and that we also would ratify the strictest safeguards regime, known as the additional protocol. 
have to do any of this. Will a nuclear Iran make the world a safer place? Instead of giving the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism hundreds of billions of dollars and more intercontinental ballistic missile technology and conventional weapons, we should demand a better deal. 
with Congress in a bipartisan way because the world deserves a verifiable, enforceable, and accountable agreement that enhances safety, stability, and security. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ). 
today on behalf of those who do not have a voice today in this debate, and that is the over 500 servicemen and women who died in Iraq because of the export of vehicleborne IED technology by Iran, by the brutal terrorist leader Qasem Soleimani who used money from Iran—and he will be getting more money in order to export with the sole purpose to kill American troops—and the thousands who were wounded. I deployed to this region six times in 
my military career, and our military is concerned about this administration turning their back on the men and women who died and the strength that they need in order to keep that region safe and secure. This is a slap in the face to those who paid that sacrifice. 
have studied him throughout my entire military career. He is exporting terror all over the region and not just in the region. He is responsible for deaths in places like India and Latin America. He is funding money to the Assad regime—over 250,000 dead—Hezbollah and Hamas. 
I sat a few weeks ago on the edge of 
the Gaza Strip, where thousands of rockets were launched last summer, killing innocent civilians in Israel. Israelis have 7 to 30 seconds to run to shelter when these rockets are coming. They are funded and exported by Qasem Soleimani and Iran. We stood up on the northern border near where Hezbollah, funded by Iran, is stockpiling over 100,000 rockets, ready to launch at the Israeli people. 
about a choice between this deal or war. Those of us who served in the military, we want war less than anybody else. We know the price. We want diplomacy. Those sanctions were working. We just cranked them up in the last 18 months. 
are fighting in between the desires in their different factions of how they are going to use that money to continue to move their nuclear program forward or export terror. We had them exactly where we wanted, and then we gave up. 
I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentlewoman. 
give them these funds, with the arms embargo and the ICBM embargo, it is going to be a more dangerous military action, and more American lives will be lost. It is not this deal in war. This will deal in, potentially, war. 
would ask you to please vote against this deal. It is dangerous for the many reasons my colleagues have mentioned, but do it on behalf of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
debate. This agreement is going into effect. As we have debated here this morning, that is a fact. This is the challenge before this body, and that is whether we will try to recapture some real bipartisanship or we essentially will forfeit it. 
There is work to be done implementing this agreement. That is acknowledged by all. The question is whether we will join together to try to 
make it work, an agreement that I support, but I think the same responsibility is incumbent upon those who oppose it; or, as the Speaker says, they have just begun to fight. 
in a very important way—both as to this agreement but also beyond—because there is work to be done in terms of efforts to reinforce security in the Middle East, especially for Israel. There is work to be done in the Middle East and beyond in terms of fighting terrorism. There is work to be done outside of the Middle East—everywhere—in terms of terrorism. 
And so I think it is a deep mistake to 
leave this moment here, with this agreement going into effect, saying the fight will continue. No. The fight should be with all of us together to make this work and to address the continuing challenges that face this country in the Middle East and beyond. 
has worked so hard on this and who has come to a conclusion on our own. But I think the tenor here sometimes is deeply troubling, and I think the Speaker’s statement that the fight has just begun—over what? I hope not over the effort to continue the flames of partisanship that sometimes have captured this debate and before. 
solemn obligation, I think, to work together. And I think it would be a deep mistake to have it forfeited for reasons of political advantage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
believe that the President has exceeded his authority in so many ways, that he has stretched the separation of powers on lots of issues; and on most of those issues, I believe we can fix those problems. On most of those issues, whether it is regulations or domestic laws, I believe we in this body, with the next administration, will have with the power and the ability to fix this. This is one where I don’t think we can. 
I think he has stretched the Constitution, because this should be a treaty. This is an executive agreement. When asked why, they said: Well, we couldn’t pass a treaty. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t think the President is going to get the legacy that he thinks he is going to get or that he is hoping he is going to get. 
This agreement is unverifiable. As military officers, we find it unconscionable that such a windfall could be given to a regime that even the Obama administration has acknowledged will use a portion of such funds to continue to support terrorism. AUGUST 25, 2015. 
As you know, on July 14, 2015, the United States and five other nations announced that a Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) has been reached with Iran to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons. In our judgment as former senior military officers, the agreement will not have that effect. Removing sanctions on Iran and releasing billions of dollars to its regime over the next ten years is inimical to the security of Israel and the Middle East. There is no credibility within JCPOA’s inspection process or the ability to snap back sanctions once lifted, should Iran violate the agreement. In this and other respects, the JCPOA would threaten the national security and vital interests of the United States and, therefore, should be disapproved by the Congress. 
nuclear weapons. To the contrary, it actually provides Iran with a legitimate path to doing that simply by abiding by the deal. JCPOA allows all the infrastructure the Iranians need for a nuclear bomb to be preserved and enhanced. Notably, Iran is allowed to: continue to enrich uranium; develop and test advanced centrifuges; and continue work on its Arak heavywater plutonium reactor. Collectively, these concessions afford the Iranians, at worst, a ready breakout option and, at best, an incipient nuclear weapons capability a decade from now. 
terms of the JCPOA and a secret side deal (to which the United States is not privy), the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) will be responsible for inspections under such severe limitations as to prevent them from reliably detecting Iranian cheating. For example, if Iran and the inspectors are unable to reach an accommodation with respect to a given site, the result could be at least a 24 day delay in IAEA access. The agreement also requires inspectors to inform Iran in writing as to the basis for its concerns about an undeclared site, thus further delaying access. Most importantly, these inspections do not allow access to Iranian military facilities, the most likely location of their nuclear weapons development efforts. In the JCPOA process, there is substantial risk of U.S. intelligence being compromised, since the IAEA often relies on our sensitive data with respect to suspicious and/or prohibited activity. 
nuclear weapons development capabilities, the agreement provides by some estimates $150 billion dollars or more to Iran in the form of sanctions relief. As military officers, we find it unconscionable that such a windfall could be given to a regime that even the Obama administration has acknowledged will use a portion of such funds to continue to support terrorism in Israel, throughout the Middle East and globally, whether directly or through proxies. These actions will be made all the more deadly since the JCPOA will lift international embargoes on Iran’s access to advanced conventional weapons and ballistic missile technology. 
Iran to become far more dangerous, render the Mideast still more unstable and introduce new threats to American interests as well as our allies. In our professional opinion, far from being an alternative to war, the 
Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action makes it likely that the war the Iranian regime has waged against us since 1979 will continue, with far higher risks to our national security 
interests. Accordingly, we urge the Congress to reject this defective accord. 
Admiral David Architzel, US Navy, Retired; Admiral Stanley R. Arthur, US Navy, Retired; General William Begert, US Air Force, Retired; General J.B. Davis, US Air Force, Retired; Admiral William A. Doughert, US Navy, Retired; Admiral Leon A. ‘‘Bud’’ Edney, US Navy, Retired; General Alfred G. Hansen US Air Force, Retired; Admiral Thomas Hayward, US Navy, Retired; Admiral James Hogg, US Navy, Retired; Admiral Jerome Johnson, US Navy, Retired; Admiral Timothy J. Keating, US Navy, Retired; Admiral Robert J. Kelly, US Navy, Retired; Admiral Thomas Joseph Lopez, US Navy, Retired; Admiral James A. ‘‘Ace’’ Lyons, US Navy, Retired; Admiral Richard Macke, US Navy, Retired; Admiral Henry Mauz, US Navy, Retired; General Lance Smith, US Air Force, Retired; Admiral Leighton Smith, US Navy, Retired; Admiral William D. Smith, US Navy, Retired; General Louis C. Wagner, Jr., US Army, Retired; Admiral Steve White, US Navy, Retired; General Ronald W. Yates, US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General Teddy G. Allen, US Army, Retired; Lieutenant General Edward G. Anderson, III, US Army, Retired; Lieutenant General Marcus A. Anderson, US Air Force, Retired. 
US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General Harold W. Blot, US Marine Corps, Retired; Vice Admiral Michael Bowman, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General William G. ‘‘Jerry’’ Boykin, US Army, Retired; Vice Admiral Edward S. Briggs, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General Richard E. ‘‘Tex’’ Brown III, US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General William J. Campbell, US Air Force, Retired; Vice Admiral Edward Clexton, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral Daniel L. Cooper, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral William A. Dougherty, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General Brett Dula, US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General Gordon E. Fornell, US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General Thomas B. Goslin, US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General Earl Hailston, US Marine Corps, Retired; Vice Admiral Bernard M. Kauderer, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General Timothy A. Kinnan, US Air Force, Retired; Vice Admiral J. B. LaPlante, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral Tony Less, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General Bennett L. Lewis, US Army, Retired; Vice Admiral Michael Malone, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral John Mazach, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General Thomas McInerney, US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General Fred McCorkle, US Marine Corps, Retired; Vice Admiral Robert Monroe, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral Jimmy Pappas, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral J. Theodore Parker, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General Garry L. Parks, US Marine Corps, Retired; Lieutenant General Everett Pratt, US Air Force, Retired; Vice Admiral John Poindexter, US Navy, Retired. 
Jr., US Air Force, Retired; Vice Admiral William Rowden, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral Robert F. Schoultz, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General E.G. ‘‘Buck’’ Shuler, Jr., US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General Hubert ‘‘Hugh’’ G. Smith, US Army, Retired; Vice Admiral Edward M. Straw, US Navy, Retired; Lieutenant General David J. Teal, US Air Force, Retired; Vice Admiral D.C. 
‘‘Deese’’ Thompson, US Coast Guard, Retired; Lieutenant General William E. Thurman, US Air Force, Retired; Lieutenant General Billy Tomas, US Army, Retired; Vice Admiral John Totushek, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral Jerry Tuttle, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral Jerry Unruh, US Navy, Retired; Vice Admiral Timothy W. Wright, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral William V. Alford, Jr., US Navy, Retired; Major General Thurman E. Anderson, US Army, Retired; Major General Joseph T. Anderson, US Marine Corps, Retired; Rear Admiral Philip Anselmo, US Navy, Retired; Major General Joe Arbuckle, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral James W. Austin, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral John R. Batzler, US Navy, Retired. 
Rear Admiral John Bayless, US Navy, Retired; Major General John Bianchi, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral Donald Vaux Boecker, US Navy, Retired.Rear Admiral Jerry C. Breast, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Bruce B. Bremner, US Navy, Retired; Major General Edward M. Browne, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral Thomas F. Brown III, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Lyle Bull, US Navy, Retired; Major General Bobby G. Butcher, US Marine Corps, Retired; Rear Admiral Jay A. Campbell, US Navy, Retired; Major General Henry D. Canterbury, US Air Force, Retired; Major General Carroll D. Childers, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral Ronald L. Christenson, US Navy, Retired; Major General John R.D. Cleland, US Army, Retired; Major General Richard L. Comer, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral Jack Dantone, US Navy, Retired; Major General William B. Davitte, US Air Force, Retired; 
Retired; Rear Admiral Philip A. Dur, US Navy, Retired; Major General Neil L. Eddins, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral Paul Engel, US Navy, Retired; Major General Vince Falter, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral James H. Flatley, US Navy, Retired; Major General Bobby O. Floyd, US Air Force, Retired; Major General Paul Fratarangelo, US Marine Corps, Retired; Rear Admiral Veronica ‘‘Ronne’’ Froman, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral R. Byron Fuller, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Frank Gallo, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Albert A. Gallotta, Jr., US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral James Mac Gleim, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Robert H. Gormley, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral William Gureck, US Navy, Retired; Major General Gary L. Harrell, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral Donald Hickman, US Navy, Retired; Major General Geoffrey Higginbotham, US Marine Corps, Retired; Major General Kent H. Hillhouse, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral Tim Hinkle, US Navy, Retired; Major General Victor Joseph Hugo, US Army, Retired; Major General James P. Hunt, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral Grady L. Jackson, US Navy, Retired. 
Force, Retired; Rear Admiral John M. ‘‘Carlos’’ Johnson, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Pierce J. Johnson, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Steven B. Kantrowitz, US Navy, Retired; Major General Maurice W. Kendall, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral Charles R. Kubic, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Frederick L. Lewis, US Navy, Retired; Major General John D. Logeman, Jr., US Air Force, Retired; Major General Homer S. Long, Jr., US Army, Retired; Major General Robert M. Marquette, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral Robert B. McClinton, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral W. J. McDaniel, MD, US Navy, Retired; Major General Keith W. Meurlin, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral Terrence McKnight, US Navy, Retired; Major General John F. Miller, Jr., US Air Force, Retired; Major General Burton R. 
Moore, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral David R. Morris, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Ed Nelson, Jr., US Coast Guard, Retired; Major General George W. ‘‘Nordie’’ Norwood, US Air Force, Retired; Major General Everett G. Odgers, US Air Force, Retired. 
Retired; Rear Admiral Robert S. Owens, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Robert O. Passmore, US Navy, Retired; Major General Richard E. Perraut, Jr., US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral W.W. Pickavance, Jr., US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral L.F. Picotte, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Thomas J. Porter, US Navy, Retired; Major General H. Douglas Robertson, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral W.J. Ryan, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Norman Saunders, US Coast Guard, Retired; Major General John P. Schoeppner, Jr., US Air Force, Retired; Major General Edison E. Scholes, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral Hugh P. Scott, US Navy, Retired; Major General Richard Secord, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral James M. Seely, US Navy, Retired; Major General Sidney Shachnow, US Army, Retired; Rear Admiral William H. Shawcross, US Navy, Retired; Rear Admiral Bob Shumaker, US Navy, Retired; Major General Willie Studer, US Air Force, Retired; Major General Larry Taylor, US Marine Corps, Retired; Rear Admiral Jeremy Taylor, US Navy, Retired; Major General Richard L. Testa, US Air Force, Retired. 
Retired; Major General Paul E. Vallely, US Army, Retired; Major General Kenneth W. Weir, US Marine Corps, Retired; Major General John Weide, US Air Force, Retired; Rear 
Admiral James B. Whittaker, US Navy, Retired; Major General Geoffrey P. Wiedeman, Jr., MD, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral H. Denny Wisely, US Navy, Retired; Brigadier General John R. Allen, Jr., US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General John C. Arick, US Marine Corps, Retired; Brigadier General Loring R. Astorino, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral Robert E. Besal, US Navy, Retired; Brigadier General William Bloomer, US Marine Corps, Retired; Brigadier General George P. Cole, Jr., US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General Richard A. Coleman, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General James L. Crouch, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral Marianne B. Drew, US Navy, Retired; Brigadier General Philip M. Drew, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General Larry K. Grundhauser, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General Thomas W. Honeywill, US Air Force, Retired. 
Army, Retired; Brigadier General Stephen Lanning, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General Thomas J. Lennon, US Air Force, Retired; Rear Admiral Bobby C. Lee, US Navy, Retired; Brigadier General Robert F. Peksens, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General Joe Shaefer, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General Graham E. Shirley, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General Stanley O. Smith, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General Hugh B. Tant III, US Army, Retired; Brigadier General Michael Joseph Tashjian, US Air Force, Retired; Brigadier General William Tiernan, US Marine Corps, Retired; Brigadier General Roger W. Scearce, US Army, Retired; Brigadier General Robert V. Woods, US Air Force, Retired. 
agreement that waives the sanctions against terrorism. This is a regime that funds terrorism. It said nothing about stopping further terrorism. It lifts the bans on conventional weapons so they can arm back up. It lifts the bans on intercontinental ballistic missiles. The only reason you have an ICBM is to put a nuclear weapon on it. It guarantees that Iran becomes a nuclear power, and it gives them $150 billion upfront to finance it. 
in a tank graveyard. I spent the morning walking through acres of destroyed M1 Abrams tanks, Humvees, MRAPs, and they had the same kind of signature blast—a hole ripping right through it, killing whoever was inside, our soldiers. 
met with one of our senior commanders, a great general named Ray Odierno, and we asked: What is killing all of our servicemembers? What is doing this? 
confiscated and showed us what it was, a highly sophisticated machine explosive device with wiring on it that said ‘‘Made in Iran,’’ brought by a gentleman named Soleimani. And we are lifting the sanctions on them. 
legacy. This is a vote to put yourself on the right side of history. Vote to kill this agreement. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 381. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote No. 493, I was, unfortunately, detained and missed that rollcall vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) to inquire of the majority 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday and Tuesday, no votes are expected in the House. On Wednesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. 
10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. 
a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. 
shortness of the week due to the Jewish holiday, Members should be prepared for a full legislative day on Friday. 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. 
H.R. 758, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015, sponsored by Representative LAMAR SMITH. This bill will ensure 
Mr. Speaker, the House will also consider two measures that respond to the horrific videos released throughout the summer on Planned Parenthood practices. The first is H.R. 3134, sponsored by Representative DIANE BLACK , which 
places a 1year moratorium on funding to Planned Parenthood while Congress investigates these videos. 
currently looking into Planned Parenthood activities, funding, and adherence to the law. 
adds criminal penalties to people who violate the Born Alive Act, for medical providers who fail to provide medical care to a baby who survives the abortion procedure. 
what was depicted in these videos, and Congress and the American people have a right to know exactly what is happening. 
that we get all the facts and protect those who cannot protect themselves. 
the view of the—you used the term ‘‘horrific’’ videos. As I understand it, these videos are heavily edited. I don’t want to get into debate about them; we will have that debate next week, but we are certainly concerned about, as the gentleman knows, 97 percent of the health care delivered by Planned Parenthood has nothing to do with the issues raised in the video, edited or not. 
an agreement on making sure that those healthcare services that are provided to literally thousands and thousands of women are not interrupted, but I understand that we will have that debate next week. 
your schedule a continuing resolution for the funding of government. As the gentleman knows, we have essentially, as I count it, 5 full legislative days left. We have 8 or 9 days left, but there are many partial days. 
before the government runs out of authority and funds to continue. As the gentleman knows, I have been urging the majority leader and your side of the aisle to enter into discussions on levels of funding and funding itself. 
process approximately in the middle of July when the Interior bill was pulled from the floor. Presumably, it was pulled because there was a possibility of amendments being offered regarding 
the Confederate battle flag, but notwithstanding that, half the appropriation bills have not been brought to the floor. No appropriation bills have passed the Senate. 
months now, that we have discussions. I discussed with Mr. VANHOLLEN today 
there have been no discussions between Mr. VANHOLLEN and Mr. P RICE with 
reference to a resolution of the funding levels for a CR or the length of term of the CR. 
I had an opportunity to talk to Ranking Member NITALOWEY today of the 
Appropriations Committee. She informs me that there have been no substantive discussions between herself and Mr. ROGERS and that Mr. R OGERS , 
in fact, has no indication of what funding levels will be going forward or what a CR would look like or the length of period of time it would be for. 
with the leader’s office, Leader PELOSI ’s office—and I know that neither my office nor Leader P ELOSI ’s office have been in discussion either with 
substantive way with how we might be moving forward on a CR. 
week would be the week for us to consider a continuing resolution so that given the very, very short number of days available in September for us to meet, that there would be time for the Senate to receive a continuing resolution for us to consider that and pass it so that we would not, again, confront a crisis of confidence, a crisis in terms of ongoing government operations, but also a crisis of confidence not only in our country, but around the world that the United States of America could manage its finances in a responsible way. 
can you share with us some insight? Again, I know that it is not on the schedule, and this is about scheduling, but we have 5 full days and 3 partial days and a ninth day which the Pope is going to be here, and I know we will be having votes on that day, but we have such a minimal time before the government runs out of authority and funding for its operations that it seems to me that it is critical that today or tomorrow or Monday, we decide how we are going to proceed. 
year does end on September 30. As the gentleman knows, we have had this discussion often because our intention was always to solve this problem very early. As history shows, this is the earliest we have ever started the appropriation process for Congress. 
I had grave concern during the summer, reading many of the headlines from some on your side of the aisle and over on your side of the aisle in the Senate, that it was a strategy to make sure the appropriation process would not work. 
strongly, you were able to hold many of your Members. Counterpart with the number two on the Senate side, Senator SCHUMER , his whole strategy for 
the summer, he was much more effective where none of them came up. 
left. We are continuing conversations on government funding, and we will inform Members when action is scheduled in the House. 
days—full days—left to go. You are right; we have been discussing this for some period of time, but with all due respect to any strategy that we have, you only brought six bills to the floor and passed six bills through this House, and that is only half of the appropriation bills. 
The MilCon bill got 255 votes; the Energy and Water, 240; the Legislative Branch, 357; the Commerce, Justice, Science, 242; THUD, which we didn’t like and, apparently, a lot of your Members didn’t like either, 216 votes; 
stopped the appropriations process from going forward. You chose not to bring six of those bills to the floor. I don’t take any blame on our side of the aisle, whatever our strategy might be. 
with, very frankly, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee strategy, and that is to have funding levels on both the defense and nondefense side of the ledger which were rational and reasonable. 
and you are tired of hearing me repeat it, I am sure—Mr. ROGERS ’ comments 
that the sequester levels given to the Appropriations Committee to meet their responsibilities were illconceived and unrealistic. That is Mr. ROGERS ’ 
Appropriations Committee on your side of the aisle characterizes the funding levels that you have provided the committee for—I don’t mean you individually—the House has provided the chairman with to write his bills up. 
that, every time you brought a bill to the floor, it has gotten a majority of the votes. Forget about us. We can’t control. We have 188 Members. You can pass anything you want. 
to a dead halt for two reasons. Number one, it is because there are no negotiations for a wellconceived and realistic alternative to sequester. That is what HALROGERS says—not me—your chairman. 
I continue to be extraordinarily disappointed that we have not undertaken any discussions—I mentioned Mrs. LOWEY on the Appropriations Committee, Mr. V ANHOLLEN on the Budget 
office—any discussions which have allowed us to come to some agreement so that we might in a bipartisan way move forward. 
members on your side of the aisle who won’t vote for anything if it funds Planned Parenthood. I get that. They don’t come close to making the majority of this House. 
with the majority’s will prevailing as opposed to a faction’s prevailing, I think we are going to be in this gridlock that is undermining the confidence of our country, of our government, and of our international partners. 
I would hope that, in the next, perhaps, few days, Mr. Leader—and I am prepared to spend time today, this weekend, Monday, and Tuesday—I know we are not coming back until Wednesday—to try to work with you and with the relevant committees, with the Speaker, and with the leader of my party to try to get us to a point where we can do exactly what you want 
to do and what we want to do, and that is not have this government by crisis that we have now. This is the third time on an unrelated issue where there has been a problem with funding government as is our responsibility at whatever levels we agree upon. I would hope that we could pursue those discussions. I have been urging that for months now, and we haven’t done that. 
that I have discussed with you and discussed with the Speaker that I bring up all the time. As a result of our failure to fund the ExportImport Bank and to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank, we are losing jobs, and we have lost a substantial number of jobs already. Speaker BOEHNER indicated in a quote 
not too long ago that, in fact, there are thousands of jobs on the line that would disappear pretty quickly if the ExIm Bank were to disappear. 
and new products that could be sold abroad, the ExIm Bank has disappeared as of July. I have had discussions with the Speaker, and I think he has been quoted publicly as saying he thought the ExIm Bank was, in fact, in some form, going to be considered on the floor this month. 
as it is not on the schedule, but, again, it is not as if we have months to go— we have 5 days to go—before the end of the fiscal year and that funding for the ExIm Bank expires. Can the gentleman tell me whether there is any possibility of that being considered within the next 5 or 8—if you want to count 8—legislative days we have left in this month? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank my friend 
complete if I did not get this question. I admire the gentleman’s consistency in asking it, but my answer remains just as consistent. There is no action scheduled in the House on ExIm. 
gentleman can be assured that I will keep asking the question, and I keep asking the question not to vex the majority leader. I keep asking the question because the Speaker and I agree that we are losing jobs. We are putting ourselves in a noncompetitive position with the rest of the world. 
Mr. Leader—I haven’t counted specifically, but I will bet you, however, that there are over 275 votes on this floor to pass a reauthorization and extension of the ExportImport Bank. The failure to bring it to the floor is not because it doesn’t enjoy a majority of support—it does. When it last came to the floor— when Mr. Cantor and I worked on the legislation and brought it to this floor—it got well over 300 votes. Now, I understand there are some in your party who don’t like it; but, very frankly, we have got to get over, because some in your party don’t like 
of the United States and make America uncompetitive and undermine confidence in this country. 
Yes, Mr. Leader, you are very tolerant, and I will keep asking the question because I think it is critical for our economy, and it is critical to get us off this gridlock where a small minority of the Congress of the United States is holding good policy hostage. 
29, the highway bill will lose its authorization, which we have been extending in very short periods of time. The gentleman knows no Governor, no mayor, no county commissioner, no contractor can possibly plan infrastructure improvements—highways, bridges, sewer systems, whatever—on the basis of 90day or 60day extensions of authority and funding. 
is not coming up next week. I understand that we have a longer time—but not a long time—between now and October 29 when the highway bill will expire. As the gentleman, I am sure, knows and agrees, the failure to do that will have a significant adverse effect on jobs for Americans and a significant adverse effect on the infrastructure of this country. 
or not he expects a highway bill to come to the floor anytime within the timeframe prior to October 29? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
highway program is currently authorized through the end of October. The relevant committees are at work—I met with them today—developing the best path forward, and I will keep you apprised, as well as the Members, and I expect it to be done before the deadline. 
I will tell my friend, like the majority leader, I had a discussion today with Mr. DEFAZIO, who is the ranking 
Democrat on the relevant committee, Mr. SHUSTER being the chairman. I 
know they have had some discussions, but I also know that they are not very close to an agreement. I know that neither one of them likes the Senate bill that was sent to us. The majority leader and I had discussions on that. We didn’t take that up. I thought that was probably the right thing for the majority leader to do, to not take it up. 
engaged. I would hope he uses his good office to get us to a place where we can pass a bill in a bipartisan fashion as, during my 34 years, has normally been the case. That extends for a significant period of time—no less than 5 years—at levels that are necessary to meet the infrastructure needs of this country, both from an economic standpoint and a national security standpoint. 
I yield to my friend if he wants to 
say anything further. If not, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of 
SEPTEMBER 11, 2015, TO TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 2015; AND HOUR OF MEETING ON WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 2015 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, September 15, 2015; and, further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at noon on Wednesday, September 16, 2015, for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Suicide Prevention Week. 
years, we have witnessed an increase in suicides among our ActiveDuty members of the Armed Forces and our veterans populations. 
served nearly three decades addressing the mental health needs of individuals who have suffered lifechanging disease and disability. This is an issue I remain passionate about, particularly when addressing the mental health of those who place their lives on the line in serving this great Nation. 
body can do right by our servicemembers and veterans. A part of that is advancing the Medical Evaluation Parity for Servicemembers Act, which is intended to improve suicide prevention by instituting a mental health assessment for all new military recruits, which will then be used as a baseline throughout their military careers. This was included in the 2016 National Defense Authorization. 
least we can do for those who have sacrificed so much for their Nation. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to commemorate the brave men and women lost on September 11. 
meadow in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, just outside my district, which, until 14 years ago, had little meaning 
At 10 a.m. that day, the quiet of that 
field was shattered as 40 Americans successfully thwarted an attack on the Nation’s capital. They, like 2,700 other individuals that day, lost their lives as a result of acts of raw evil. Quiet has returned to that field, but, today, there exists at the site a memorial and a new visitor center that opened yesterday. 
amazed me how fresh the memories of that horrible day remain. The remembrances are unforgettable, from the timeline embedded within the walk that follows Flight 93’s path—8:46 a.m., 9:03 a.m., 9:37 a.m.—to the words of the passengers from phone calls that were made that day. 
sacrifices made by so many Americans that day; and let’s, today, renew the commitment we all felt in the days after September 11 to reinvigorate, heal, and strengthen our Nation. 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the 14th anniversary of the terrible attack of 9/11/2001, I rise to strongly oppose the deeply flawed, dangerous, and unacceptable deal that President Obama has struck with the Islamic Republic of Iran and its leader, Ayatollah Khamenei. To even stand here in the people’s House of the greatest nation on Earth and discuss this course of action taken by the President is both shameful and embarrassing for our country. 
world’s leading sponsor of terrorism. They have the blood of thousands of American soldiers on their hands. They lead chants of ‘‘death to America,’’ whom they call the Great Satan, and burn our flag in their streets. They declared just last week, with certainty, that Israel, whom they call the Little Satan, will be wiped off the map in no less than 25 years. This plan allows Iran to build a nuclear bomb in no less than 15 years. You do the math. 
nation allows them to continue their nuclear program and gives them over $150 billion to fund worldwide terrorism. 
A vote for this deal, with all of its 
dire implications for the future of our children and grandchildren, could well be the most regrettable vote that a Member of Congress will ever take in his career. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Zbyszewski, Andrew Zajac, and Richard Wheeler—who were killed after their vehicle crashed near Twisp, Washington, leaving the men in the path of a raging fire. 
forest fires this season. Nearly a million acres have burned. There has been a lot of loss, including the lives of these three men. 
was a rising junior at Whitman College, who followed in his parents’ footsteps and accepted the call to fight fires during the summer. How he and his colleagues died is really a testament to the type of men that they were—brave and generous, fiercely dedicated to protecting their home, and willing to put their lives at risk to protect it. 
families and all those who have been impacted by these fires. We are eternally grateful for these young men and their service to our beloved State. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to call attention to the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act and to call attention to our duty to the heroes who have already sacrificed so much. 
never forget the terrible events of 9/11. As Americans, we have a duty to never forget those who risked their lives to save others. Well over 1,000 9/11 first responders have been diagnosed with cancer caused by their exposure to toxins at Ground Zero. 
70,000 9/11 first responders and survivors around the country, including 6,000 in my district, are being monitored for cancer and other Ground Zerorelated incidences. Over 7,600 are already receiving treatment. 
commitment to those brave men and women by permanently reauthorizing this important program. 
MACARTHUR ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, coincidental to the message or the speech that I am about to give, I am reminded, as so many of you are, that this is September the 11th and 14 years ago terrorists, in an evil, devastating 
act against our country designed to destroy us as a people, attacked the very fabric of the Nation and killed almost 3,000 innocent Americans. 
for those who loved those people and still feel the loss within their souls today. 
of the best ways we can honor the people who lost their lives that infamous day is to remember that the price of freedom has always been eternal vigilance. 
designs on destroying this, the greatest and freest republic in the history of the world. 
lost, in the name of those generations still to come, God help us to be vigilant people, as Americans. 
noble principles of millions of gallant souls across America’s history have made this Nation the unipolar superpower of the entire world. Our international policies now significantly impact the peace and security of the entire human family. 
Nation’s government and especially its Commander in Chief is to protect America’s national security. The only two ways we have to do that is to prevent any enemy or potential enemy from having the intent and capacity to do us harm. We must make sure that, if there is an enemy with the intent to do us harm, that they do not have the capacity to proceed. 
Iran has been crystal clear since they took and held 52 American hostages 444 days at the beginning of their radical revolution those 36 years now ago. They have ever since been waging war on America and their own neighbors. 
can ever truly achieve their ultimate goal is to become a nucleararmed nation. 
inexorably in that direction both secretly and openly and obviously for decades until America and the Western world came together with resolutions, sanctions, and warnings of military intervention to halt and dismantle this unspeakably dangerous threat. This pressure finally brought Iran to the negotiating table. 
using that pressure, President Barack Obama has completely ignored the original commitment that the sanctions would only be dismantled when Iran’s nuclear weapons program was dismantled. 
The President blindly accepted whatever deal Iran put on the table and completely forgot who was at the other end of that table. 
Mr. Obama then proceeded to capitulate on every redline and minimum requirement that both he and the United Nations had previously required. The President has now squandered 
away every form of leverage we had against this theocratic radical regime, which has broken every promise it has ever made to us. 
Speaker? We got an insane ropeadope, duplicitous, unverifiable, astonishingly unenforceable deal. We got a deal that legitimizes and empowers the most prolific state sponsor of terrorism in the world. 
It obligates America to lift all sanctions, lift bans on Iran’s imports of weapons and ballistic missile programs. It allows Iran a protected protocol to enrich uranium and research even more advanced centrifuges. 
It gives them tens of billions of dollars with which they can continue to spread their terror and destabilizing expansionism throughout the word. 
human rights abuses, including illegally holding American citizens hostage. And it allows them to keep their entire nuclear infrastructure. 
and ultimate authority in Iran is publicly reaffirming his hatred toward the United States and publicly leading throngs of his supporters in shouting ‘‘Death to America’’ and ‘‘Death to Israel.’’ Unbelievable. 
better deal than that, and the result was that the police state of North Korea proceeded to develop nuclear weapons only a few years later. 
under that nuclear threat to this day. Now this deal will place America and 
our vital ally, Israel, under that same nuclear threat tomorrow. 
were intently listening when Barack Obama proclaimed before the United Nations that no nation has the right to pick and choose what nations have nuclear weapons. But I remind him that Iran is a nation that has threatened to destroy America and destroy Israel. 
as Barack Obama knowingly stood by and idly watched as thousands of innocent civilians in Iraq were either butchered, tortured, raped, beheaded, crucified, or burned alive by ISIS. They then knew they had nothing to fear from Barack Obama. 
to the nuclear negotiating table with nothing and walked away with everything. 
that openly bragged how their bounties and weapons have killed hundreds of American Marines and soldiers on the battlefield, shattering their families in an unbelievable way. 
have nuclear weapons? Inexplicably, instead of making sure they never get a nuclear weapon, Barack Obama’s politically motivated peaceinourtime capitulation empowers the most dangerous sponsor of terrorism on this Earth and places them on the path to obtain an entire nuclear arsenal. 
the next President is able to stop this madness, Barack Obama will be on trajectory to be remembered as the father of the Iranian atomic bomb and the one who ultimately nuclearized the entire Middle East, and our children will start down a path that leads through the shadow of nuclear terrorism. 
have been to prevent Iran from gaining nuclear weapons will pale in comparison to the costs of dealing with a nucleararmed Iran. We must not let that happen, Mr. Speaker. 
are now arrogantly filibustering any attempt for the Senate to reject this inexpressibly dangerous deal. 
the Senate to use the nuclear option in the Senate rules to bring this inexpressibly dangerous nuclear deal with Iran to the Senate floor and vote on and reject it as the treaty that it actually embodies under the Constitution of the United States. If Republicans do not use the nuclear option in our rules, Iran may some day use their nuclear option against our Nation. 
help us to remember. For the sake of our children and future generations, God help this Congress to reject this treacherous deal and God help us all to focus on the unspeakable importance of the coming elections in America. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1461. An act to provide for the extension 
of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015. 
of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1461. An act to provide for the extension 
of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce; in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, September 15, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter reporting a violation of the Antideficiency Act, as required by 31 U.S.C. 1351, Army case number 1308; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
for Communications and Information, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s third quarterly report from the National Telecommunications and Information Administration regarding the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority transition, pursuant to the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015, Pub. L. 113 235; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s two Congressional Reports on Alternative Fuel Use by Federal Dual Fueled Vehicles. One report is for FY 2011 and 2012, and the second report is for FY 2013; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2699. A letter from the Chief, Policy and 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting six reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 33453349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘District of Columbia Agencies’ Compliance with Fiscal Year 2015 Small Business Enterprise Expenditure Goals through the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 
U.S.C. 33453349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery and 
The Committee on Natural Resources discharged from further consideration. H.R. 348 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3491. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to increase the amount of special pension for Medal of Honor recipients, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VARGAS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
H.R. 3492. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to limit the number of local wage areas allowable within a General Schedule pay locality; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Security Act of 2002 to establish the Securing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in highrisk urban areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3494. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to provide greater clarity for States with respect to excluding providers whose actions a State suspects causes termination of fetuses born alive, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3495. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abortions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3496. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 and title 17, United States Code, to provide greater access to inState television broadcast programming for cable and satellite subscribers in certain counties; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
ISRAEL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S ERRANO ): 
H.R. 3497. A bill to protect the Nation’s law 
enforcement officers by banning the Five seveN Pistol and 5.7 x 28mm SS190, SS192, SS195LF, SS196, and SS197 cartridges, testing handguns and ammunition for capability to penetrate body armor, and prohibiting the manufacture, importation, sale, or purchase of such handguns or ammunition by civilians; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3498. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit human cloning; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3499. A bill to amend titles II and XVI 
of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of disability rated and certified as total by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs as disability for purposes of such titles; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3500. A bill to require the Bureau of 
Labor Statistics, Department of Labor, to report the Consumer Price Index (CPIW) using methodology employed in 1980; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3501. A bill to amend chapter 1 of title 
23, United States Code, to condition the receipt of certain highway funding by States on the enactment and enforcement by States of certain laws to prevent repeat intoxicated driving; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3502. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to improve nutrition in tribal areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
AMODEI , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ROOKS of 
CRAWFORD , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J ODY B. 
Texas, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. S MITH 
H. Res. 417. A resolution impeaching Regina McCarthy, Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, for high crimes and misdemeanors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
for designation of the week of September 15, 2015, through September 21, 2015, as ‘‘Balance Awareness Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 8, recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Older Americans Act of 1965, affirming the Legislature’s continuing support for the goals of the act, and to memorialize the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate to reauthorize the act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 23, commemorating the 43rd anniversary of the enactment of Title IX, and urging Californians to continue to work together to achieve the goals set by Title IX, as specified; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 9, urging the President and Congress of the United States to craft a balanced and workable approach to reduce incentives for and minimize unnecessary patent litigation while ensuring that legitimate patent enforcement rights are protected and maintained; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 7, requesting that the 
Congress of the United States of America further amend the GI Bill of Rights to make benefits available, with all appropriate safeguards, to all veterans for use as startup capital in the establishment of first businesses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 2, calling upon the President of the United States and the United States Congress to formally and consistently reaffirm the historical truth that the atrocities committed against the Armenian people constituted genocide; jointly to the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Foreign Affairs. 
the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 8, urging Congress and the President of the United States to reform the short stay admissions criteria for Medicare beneficiaries and to discontinue the twomidnight policy; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3490. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3491. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3492. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;’’ 
H.R. 3493. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3494. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers . . .’’ 
H.R. 3495. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3496. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3497. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3498. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 3499. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3500. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3501. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3502. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3503. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 292: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and 
H.R. 335: Ms. L EE, Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. 
H.R. 525: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
H.R. 540: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota and Mr. 
H.R. 702: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 708: Mr. R OSSand Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 746: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 822: Mr. K INDand Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 863: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 918: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. B RATand Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. L AMALFA and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. C ARNEY and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1644: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. L AMALFA , 
H.R. 1655: Mr. T URNER and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. H UNTER , and 
H.R. 1779: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. L ARSEN of 
H.R. 1784: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
H.R. 1786: Mr. B EYER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
H.R. 1814: Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. H INOJOSA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
H.R. 1853: Mr. S CHWEIKERT and Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York. H.R. 1854: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1859: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
LOEBSACK , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. K IND, Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 2124: Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
H.R. 2293: Mr. H ENSARLING and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. R EED, Mr. H UIZENGA of 
H.R. 2675: Mr. C OOKand Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2704: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 2902: Mrs. C APPS , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Ms. P ELOSI , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2972: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
H.R. 3037: Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. M CKINLEY , and 
H.R. 3060: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
H.R. 3118: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 3178: Mr. P OLIS and Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 3187: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
H.R. 3215: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
PEARCE , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 3248: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 3294: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3338: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. I SRAEL , 
H.R. 3418: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R ICHMOND , 
Mr. P AYNE , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
H.R. 3443: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 3488: Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CHRADER , 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. K ELLY  
DESANTIS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
ROYCE , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
H. Res. 343: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. 
NOEM, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. 
H. Res. 346: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. B ARR. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6613 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2015 No. 131 
a.m., and was called to order by the Honorable DAVID PERDUE , a Senator 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 