letter from me sitting on your desk today asking you to pass a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. All Democrats in the House have introduced and cosponsored a clean bill, and the Republicancontrolled Senate has passed one as well. 
XXI prohibits inclusion of language ‘‘changing existing law,’’ commonly referred to as the prohibition on legislating on appropriations bills; yet that 
is why the House comes in today facing another deadline that puts our national security and DHS workforce at risk—because we are trying to legislate through appropriations. 
I am completely in favor of the deliberative process by which this body is supposed to conduct itself, and, while I support the President’s executive action on immigration reform, I would also support a robust debate on it in this House. 
that forcing this debate through holding hostage the funding of a critical component of our Nation’s security is not the proper way to go about having this debate. 
At the beginning of the 114th Congress, you wrote an oped with Senate Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL entitled ‘‘Now We Can Get Congress Going.’’ That is what I wrote to you and urged you to do today, Mr. Speaker. 
and get going with the tough legislative choices that we have to make this year. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) for 5 minutes. 
today to recognize and honor the 10th Mountain Division, their service to Fort Drum, the 21st District of New York, our North Country community, and our Nation. 
women of the 10th Mountain Division have stood in harm’s way to protect and defend our country. Since September 11, 2001, the 10th Mountain Division has been the most actively deployed division to Iraq and Afghanistan. Too many of our soldiers have 
made the ultimate sacrifice and lost their lives in service. 
obligation to protect and serve our constituents and members of our Armed Forces. We cannot repay the debt we owe these servicemembers and their families, but we can work to honor their legacy and recognize what they have done for us. 
and strengthen our Nation’s commitment to helping them as they return from combat. In Congress, I will do everything I can to protect the interests of Fort Drum and to ensure the 10th Mountain Division has the necessary resources they need to do their work. 
entire 21st Congressional District to have a voice at the table to fight on behalf of our military families and veterans. 
To that end, I am honored to serve on 
the House Armed Services Committee as the vice chair for the Subcommittee on Readiness and as a member of the Military Personnel Subcommittee and Intelligence, Emerging Threats, and Capabilities Subcommittee. 
I will work to ensure the Defense Department, our troops, and Fort Drum have the necessary tools they require to defend our Nation from those that wish to do us harm. 
to our national security increase, and reductions to our military remain due to the Budget Control Act and sequestration. These substantial budget cuts will have significant negative impacts to Fort Drum and the U.S. military. 
proposal states that Fort Drum could lose up to 16,000 soldiers and civilian jobs. This loss of jobs will have severe and devastating effects to the installation, the North Country community, New York, and the entire Nation. 
leaders have declared time and time again that sequestration reduces our Armed Forces’ readiness and their capabilities, and it unnecessarily puts our men and women in uniform at increased risk. 
women to protect our Nation; however, the imposed budget cuts due to sequestration inhibit their readiness and threaten our national security. It is our duty to ensure our Nation is protected and, in doing so, maintain the operational readiness of our military. 
strengthen our Nation’s Armed Forces and follow in the footsteps of Representative John McHugh by advocating for our troops and veterans stationed in the 21st Congressional District of New York and in our surrounding communities. 
Two weeks ago, I had the honor to attend a small congressional delegation visit to Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan. On this trip, I was privileged to meet with soldiers who are based out of Fort Drum, as well as many others who have trained there. 
with the troops from the Resolute Support headquarters forces, USFOR–A soldiers, and counterterrorism operations forces. I thanked them for their service and discussed ways we can protect and strengthen Fort Drum for our district. 
for me to gain a personal perspective of the circumstances under which so many of our brave soldiers from Fort Drum have served abroad. 
many important foreign dignitaries, including King Abdullah of Jordan, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, and Iraqi President Fuad Masum, to discuss issues of concern to the region. These nations and their leaders play a key role in the effort among Arab nations to combat ISIS and other terrorist organizations. 
these dignitaries were informative and useful. I believe that continued open dialogue and conversation with these leaders will be incredibly beneficial to maintain and establish our Nation’s perspective on defense policy. 
from our servicemen and women on the ground and other national leaders about real solutions related to stabilizing the region, continued threats to our own national security, the readiness of our Armed Forces, and the tools they need to keep our country safe. 
in Congress and as a member of the House Armed Services Committee is an incredible honor. I am beyond thankful to our men and women in uniform and grateful to their families for their service to our community. 
ones for keeping our Nation safe. CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MRS. ALLIEFAIR ROGERS 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) for 5 minutes. 
rise today to recognize the milestone in the life of Mrs. Alliefair Rogers who, this week, is celebrating her 100th birthday. Mrs. Rogers is also, incidentally, a secondgeneration centurion, as her mother, Ida Jane, also lived to the age of 103. 
Throughout her life in the past century, Mrs. Rogers has witnessed some of the most significant moments that have shaped our Nation. Born during the onset of World War I, Mrs. Rogers was only 2 years old when America entered the Great War, sending our doughboys across the Atlantic. 
By the time she was 5 years old, the 
first radio stations were going on the air in America, prohibition was enacted, and women for the first time had the right to vote. By her 12th birthday, Charles Lindbergh had flown across the Atlantic Ocean, and the first motion picture with sound was played in theaters. At the age of 14, she witnessed the beginning of the Great Depression. 
Rogers learned of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and, over the next 5 years, said goodbye to family members and friends as they left Walhalla, South Carolina, to fight against the Axis Powers. 
Before her 31st birthday, she had witnessed the Dday invasion, the Battle of the Bulge, the Battle of Iwo Jima, the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and the surrender of both Germany and Japan. By the age of 33, she witnessed the rebirth of Israel as a nation; and, at 40, America sent troops overseas to fight in Korea. 
through the building of the Berlin Wall, America’s first satellite in space, the deployment of forces to Vietnam, the Cuban missile crisis, and the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. 
By 60 years old, Mrs. Rogers witnessed the end of the Vietnam war, the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and the first human to step foot on the moon. 
of 75, Mrs. Rogers experienced the first resignation of a United States President, the invention of the personal computer, the first woman Supreme Court Justice, the end of the cold war, and the beginning of the space shuttle program. 
In her lifetime, Mrs. Rogers has witnessed the administration of 17 United States Presidents and a significant portion of this Nation’s history. 
and family who are celebrating the virtuous and faithled life of my aunt Mrs. Alliefair Rogers and wish her a very happy 100th birthday. ONGOING IRAN NUCLEAR TALKS 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for 5 minutes. 
today to express my serious concerns about the ongoing Iran nuclear talks. Iran is no friend to the United States or our allies. Iran remains the foremost state sponsor of terrorism in the world. 
Iran has continued to develop intercontinental ballistic missile technology. The only legitimate purpose of such technology is to deliver a nuclear payload. 
Don’t just take my word for it. Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, recently wrote in his statement for the record to the House Armed Services Committee: 
threaten U.S. strategic interests in the Middle East. Iran’s actions and policies are designed to further its goal of becoming the dominant regional power, as well as to enhance its strategic depth. Tehran views the United States as its most capable adversary and has fashioned its military strategy and doctrine accordingly. 
In terms of nuclear capabilities, General Stewart goes on to say: 
We continue to assess that Iran’s goal is to 
develop capabilities that would allow it to build missiledeliverable nuclear weapons, should a decision be made to do so. The regime faces no insurmountable technical barriers to producing a nuclear weapon, making Iran’s political will the central issue. 
Wall Street Journal: ‘‘We prefer a collapse of the diplomatic process to a bad deal.’’ 
Since they started in 2009, the negotiations with Iran have been marked by missed deadline after missed deadline. It seems like each time details of the deal are leaked to the press, the United States is giving up more, whether it is the number of centrifuges or the length of the deal. 
John Kerry came before the House Foreign Affairs Committee and pleaded for more time and understanding as the State Department continues to hold talks about Iran’s nuclear program. He asked it to sit silently while the details are negotiated in secret. He urged us to just trust him and his team. 
Mr. Speaker, it is becoming increasingly hard to trust an administration that continually fails at these kinds of negotiations. Look at the Bergdahl deal when he gave away five highlevel al Qaeda officials. Look at the recent talks with Cuba in which the United States received very little while we released Cuban spies and pledged open trade relations. And we can’t forget about President Obama telling Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that he will have ‘‘more flexibility’’ to deal with nuclear issues after the 2012 Presidential elections—flexibility to deal with Vladimir Putin. Far too often they give away the bank, and we get very little in return. 
Benjamin Netanyahu will come to this Chamber to share his perspective on the threats posed by a nuclear Iran. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have complained that the speech is somehow out of line or for political purposes only. They have pledged to boycott the event, and the Vice President has refused to attend. 
Mr. Speaker, I remain greatly disturbed by the way the Obama administration has treated Israel, our greatest and most important ally in the Middle East. I suspect the real reason the Obama administration is so opposed to Prime Minister Netanyahu’s speech is because they are afraid of what he is going to say. They know he will speak the truth and that his statements will stand in direct contrast to what is being said by Secretary of State Kerry. Prime Minister Netanyahu won’t hide the real issues. These nuclear talks threaten not only Israel, but also the Middle East and the entire world. 
Last summer, I traveled to the Middle East with the Armed Services Committee. During that trip, we met with Prime Minister Netanyahu, and he really impressed me. He has a clear vision and message about his country’s defensive needs, and he is very determined to meet those needs. 
and most consistent ally in the Middle East. We should listen to what they have to say. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. 
is March 2, 2015. March 2, 1836, marked the beginning of what would become the Republic of Texas. Today on that day, 59 men signed the Declaration of Independence from Mexico and created the Republic of Texas. The events of January through April of 1836 are relatively significant, and I will walk through some of this history. 
I stand here today to honor the incredible events of those days and the 179 years of Texas experience that I am proud to be a part of. It is a great honor to be able to have been born in Texas and to claim a part of that incredible legacy. 
Texas revolution with Mexico, of course, was the battle of the Alamo, which began on February 23, 1836, where Colonel William Barret Travis began to gather men at the Alamo. 
written to the people of Texas and all Americans on February 24. 
IN THE WORLD : Fellow citizens & compatriots—I am besieged, by a thousand or more of the Mexicans under Santa Anna—I have sustained a continual Bombardment & cannonade for 24 hours & have not lost a man. The enemy has demanded a surrender at discretion, otherwise, the garrison are to 
be put to the sword, if the fort is taken—I have answered the demand with a cannon shot, & our flag still waves proudly from the walls. I shall never surrender or retreat. Then, I call on you in the name of Liberty, of patriotism & everything dear to the American character, to come to our aid, with all dispatch—The enemy is receiving reinforcements daily & will no doubt increase to three or four thousand in four or five days. If this call is neglected, I am determined to sustain myself as long as possible & die like a soldier who never forgets what is due to his own honor & that of his country—Victory or Death. 
enemy appeared in sight we had not three bushels of corn—We have since found in deserted houses 80 or 90 bushels & got into the walls 20 or 30 head of Beeves. 
fellows stood watch at the Alamo from February 23 until March 6. As they were fighting and looking at their ultimate death, the Declaration of Independence was signed on March 2. Four days later, Santa Anna, with the Mexican Army, overran the Alamo and killed every single one of the defenders there. 
massacre at Goliad in which Santa Anna ordered the murder and execution of 400plus Texans who had been a part of that fight. It was coldblooded, it was ruthless, and it was unnecessary, but Santa Anna chose to take those 
steps specifically on his order on more than one occasion. And then, culminating on the 21st of April, the Battle of San Jacinto took place, in which Santa Anna and his entire army were surrounded by Texans in a decisive victory in which very few Texans lost their lives. Santa Anna was defeated, and the Texas experience—our independence—was secured with that battle. 
and women who stood that ground, that hallowed ground, at the Alamo, at Goliad, San Jacinto, and other battles across Texas. They were stouthearted; they were resolute; they were selfsufficient; they were independent; they loved freedom; they loved independence; and as a result of that, they created Texas, an experience that has now gone on for some 179 years. There were almost 9 of these years in which Texas was the Republic of Texas, becoming a part of the United States in 1846 under that proud Lone Star Flag that we still fly today. 
Speaker, is to call attention to the Declaration of Independence, and, more importantly, call attention to the faith that the men and women had in freedom and liberty and were willing to put their lives on the line. Many of those lives were lost in the fight for freedom and to create Texas. I am proud to call myself a Texan. 
and I ask God to continue to bless the United States of America. RECESS 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) at 2 p.m. 
we use this moment to be reminded of Your presence, and to tap the resources needed by the Members of this people’s House to do their work as well as it can be done. 
May they be led by Your spirit in the 
decisions they make. May they possess Your power as they steady themselves amid the pressures of persistent problems. 
from tensions that tear the House apart, and from worries that might wear them out. 
may they do their best to find solutions to pressing issues facing our Nation. Please hasten the day when justice and love shall dwell in the hearts of all peoples, and rule the affairs of the nations of Earth. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
18, the State of North Carolina lost one of its most generous and devoted public servants when former Congressman Cass Ballenger passed away at the age of 88. 
and was a beloved colleague to many who serve in this Chamber for 18 of those years. He never lost an election, which tells you plenty about the honesty and tenacity with which he lived his life. 
straighttalking legislator who reformed the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, he was known for his extensive humanitarian efforts in Latin America, where he helped build medical clinics, supported orphanages, and delivered medical and relief supplies with his wife, Donna. 
to serve with Cass in Congress, I considered it a great privilege to know this remarkable man and always looked forward to seeing him when our paths crossed in North Carolina. Cass was a man of integrity who said exactly what he thought and fought for what he believed was right. He will be greatly missed. 
week in Congress it is deja vu all over again. 
clean, longterm funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security, the House again kicked the can down the road. We know that we need to keep open and keep funding the operations of the Department, and we certainly can’t make this yet another manufactured political crisis this week. 
knows, that there is support in the House, bipartisan support, for a clean Homeland Security bill. I don’t know precisely what the numbers are, but more and more we hear from our friends on the Republican side that they would like to see a vote to fully fund DHS for the remainder of the year, and then take up in regular order the process of determining what immigration policy ought to look like in this country. 
We have big challenges across the globe. We need to focus our attention on getting an economy that works for everyone and not continue to fight battles over manufactured political crises intended to pander to the smallest minds in this body. That is not the way the American people want us to work. 
We need to get back to the business of the American people. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, last 
week we celebrated National FFA Week and the national FFA organization’s more than 80 years of commitment to providing students with a path to leadership and career success through agricultural education. This year’s theme, ‘‘Go All Out,’’ asks more than 600,000 students from over 7,600 local FFA chapters to ‘‘go all out for agriculture’’ and show their communities how they live the FFA motto: Learning to Do, Doing to Learn, Earning to Live, Living to Serve. 
As a former FFA member, I have always been impressed with how well FFA helps hone certain skills and prepare students for the future. I find that FFA not only helps to advance their knowledge of agriculture and develop community relationships, but you can always tell an FFA student by how articulate and wellspoken they are. 
helped shape my career as a farmer but also prepared me to represent the Fourth District of Washington State. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating the FFA on 80 years of commitment to agriculture and education. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today on behalf of the millions of Americans who are concerned about the state of our national security. In today’s world, we face many threats from foreign enemies who intend to do us harm. Americans expect that Congress will fulfill its duty to act in the best interests of those we serve. The question of whether or not to fund the Department of Homeland Security should never even be up for debate. I respect the difference of opinions some of my colleagues hold with respect to the President’s recent executive action on immigration. But taking hostage a funding bill that is intended to keep American families safe in order to get what you want is reckless, and it is not the way this body was intended to function. 
and then let’s have a serious debate on immigration. We need to find a comprehensive solution to our immigration challenges, and the only way to do that is by working together to pass a bipartisan bill. Let’s utilize this Chamber to debate and pass meaningful legislation, and let’s start right now by approving the Department of Homeland Security funding for the remainder of the fiscal year. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a man who was dedicated to protecting and serving the public. Kenneth Lehr, the fire chief for the village of Medora in Macoupin County, Illinois, died in the line of duty earlier this month. 
as a member of the Medora Fire Department and had served as fire chief since 2006. 
call on February 5, Chief Lehr was struck by a firetruck that was heading to the scene. This tragic event reminds us all to never forget the selflessness and sacrifices our first responders make on our behalf, especially when many give their lives for our safety. 
first responders, family, and friends packed the gymnasium at Southwestern High School in Piasa, Illinois, to pay their respects to Chief Lehr. Some firefighters traveled more than 2 hours to honor Chief Lehr. 
noted his unwavering willingness to help others, both as fire chief and as a member of the Medora community. Chief Lehr is survived by his wife, one son, and three grandsons. My thoughts and this House’s thoughts and prayers are with his family, friends, and the Medora community as they continue to mourn. 
rise in support of H.R. 280, legislation to allow the VA Secretary to claw back bonuses from senior employees who were found to have manipulated veterans’ care data. 
wasn’t already the case. No business in America would allow employees to not only stay at work, but to hold on to bonuses that they earned by cooking the books. This is exactly what the VA has done. The VA has paid more than $380,000 in 2013 to directors and top executives at VA hospitals that were under investigation for falsifying data. 
I am the father of a veteran. I know 
exactly the character of those who choose to serve the cause of freedom. They deserve so much better. Bonuses should be awarded only for exceptional performance. This kind of severe mismanagement has to end. I know I speak for all my colleagues when I say it will 
Secretary McDonald says he is working to change the culture of the VA, and I give him credit for that. Too often the VA seems to be focusing on the health of the organization, not the health of the veteran. I agree with him that the VA must return the focus to the veteran. However, I would like to see more meaningful strides toward accountability than I have seen thus far. Congress will keep giving him the tools, but it is ultimately up to him to use them. This is a management problem, and it is best solved by good management. 
leadership on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it, but even more so, I urge Secretary McDonald to use this authority. You have a willing partner in Congress in the fight to change the culture at the VA. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Florida has yielded back the balance of her time. The gentleman from Florida is recognized. 
I have two more speakers at this point. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Sixth District of Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), who chairs the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. 
for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 280 because, like most Americans, I am appalled at the bonuses awarded to officials within the Department of Veterans Affairs despite gross mismanagement and incompetence by those very same officials. 
director conveniently announced her retirement just days after yet another secret waiting list was discovered at her hospital in Denver. Incredibly, she had received over $100,000 in bonuses over the past 7 years. 
I believe bonuses are a reward for exceptional work and not an entitlement for simply showing up at the job. However, the VA’s broadly abused bonus system has spread a sense of entitlement and a complete lack of accountability. 
ability to reclaim bonuses paid to corrupt VA officials. On behalf of the American taxpayer, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense measure to help combat VA’s broken culture. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Sixth District of Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), a new member of 
Speaker, bringing more accountability and transparency to our Veterans Affairs system is something Members of both parties can and should support. As a member of the Committee on Veterans Affairs, I believe this is an area where we can make immediate and substantive reforms that are supported by both parties. 
After months of being in the spotlight for scandal after scandal, after widespread and systemic lack of accountability, we all agree that we need real change in an effort to assist our Nation’s veterans. H.R. 280 is one such piece of legislation that will help bring accountability to a Department where it is severely lacking. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a cosponsor of this legislation that will authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees at the Department of Veterans Affairs. The VA paid more than $380,000 in cash bonuses to top executives at 38 hospitals that are under investigation for falsifying wait times for medical care. 
At every twist and turn, these executives received a bonus, while so many of our veterans have been faced with long wait periods or failed care at VA 
hospitals around the country. It is disgraceful that employees would be benefiting while so many veterans are struggling. 
It is only right that we would authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup many of these bonuses and awards in an effort to instill more accountability at the Department. In fact, it is common sense. If you receive a bonus under false pretenses, you should have to pay it back. I, along with so many other Americans, am asking the question, Where is the accountability? H.R. 280 will not only ensure our veterans receive the care they deserve and have earned, but it also promotes transparency and accountability where it is greatly needed. 
his leadership and his work on this important issue. 
I appreciate my colleague from Florida and her support, and at this point I urge all Members to support H.R. 280, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 280, a bill which authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses paid to VA executives who knowingly falsified data on the treatment of our nation’s veterans. 
Last year, it was discovered that a VA hospital in Phoenix, Arizona falsified waitlist records for veterans to see a doctor in order to make it appear that the facility was meeting waitlist goals. 
This deliberate, and deplorable, action allowed VA executives to receive performance bonuses and awards, while veterans waited up to six months to a year for care, and it was reported that some died as a result. 
$380,000 in cash bonuses to top executives at 38 hospitals that are under investigation for falsifying wait times for medical care. 
members of Congress on both sides of the aisle have called for the VA to take action to recover bonuses paid to VA officials who falsified waitlist records. 
Affairs to require VA employees to repay, in part or in full, bonuses or performance awards in appropriate circumstances under regulations to be established by the department. 
This authority would apply to bonuses or rewards paid on or after the date of enactment and would not authorize the VA to recover previously paid bonuses. 
would receive notification and be given a hearing at which they could contest allegations about their performance. 
The measure requires that an appeal decision would be final and not reviewable by any other agency or court. 
troops and reservists, their families, and 22 million veterans, including 32,477 in the 18th Congressional District of Texas. 
will be provided the quality job opportunities they have earned. 
I cannot, in good conscience, allow VA executives who knowingly falsified data which kept our nation’s veterans from receiving proper care, to keep bonuses that they do not deserve. 
who have risked their lives to protect our freedom, not for awarding VA executives who shamefully put these veterans’ health at risk. 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M ILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 294) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the transfer of veterans to nonDepartment medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
foster home’ means a home designed to provide noninstitutional, longterm, supportive care for veterans who are unable to live independently and prefer a family setting.’’. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 
113–146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
ensure that the aggregate amount of awards and bonuses paid by the Secretary in a fiscal year under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other awards or bonuses authorized under such title or title 38, United States Code, does not exceed the following amounts: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to 
enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in nonDepartment medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the LongTerm Care Veterans Choice Act, would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs for 3 years, beginning October 1 of 2015, to enter into a contract or agreement with a certified medical foster home to pay for long term care for not more than 900 eligible veterans. 
who is eligible for VApaid nursing home care and would agree to receive VA home health services. The bill would also limit the amount of awards and bonuses paid to VA employees at $300 million for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2018. 
Medical foster home care is a noninstitutional, longterm care alternative for those who prefer a smaller, more homelike, and familial care setting than many traditional nursing homes are able to provide. 
VA has been helping to place veterans in medical foster homes for over a decade and providing the oversight and the safeguards needed to ensure that veterans receive safe, highquality care. 
currently receive medical foster home care. However, VA does not currently have the authority to pay for the cost of medical foster home care, regardless of whether or not the veteran who chooses medical foster home care is eligible for more costly VApaid nursing home care. 
This creates a situation, Mr. Speaker, where many serviceconnected veterans are limited with their financial resources and are unable to access the medical foster home care that they desire because of limited financial resources; instead, these veterans often move into nursing homes at a much greater expense to VA. With the creation of the choice program last August, Congress, on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis, agreed that our veterans deserve the right to choose for themselves where and how they receive health care that they have earned. 
amended, we will reaffirm that right to choose for the growing population of veterans in need of longterm care services. 
I rise in support of H.R. 294, as amended. 
our Nation’s veterans has always been a number one priority for this committee. Ensuring that the VA is a leader in the provision of longterm care to our veterans has also been a priority. 
provides a full range of longterm care programs, and H.R. 294, as amended, is a valuable improvement in providing veterans the choice of obtaining long term care in a medical foster home. 
pay for veterans’ longterm care in VA approved medical foster homes. These homes provide care in a private home at much lower cost than nursing home care. Medical foster homes are safe, and we know through experience that many veterans prefer them to the traditional nursing home. 
they prefer to receive care closer to home. The LongTerm Care Veterans Choice Act would provide the opportunity for more veterans to take advantage of this home care setting. 
I have no further speakers at this time, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 294, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Once again, 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 294, as amended. 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on both H.R. 280, as amended, and H.R. 294, as amended. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
support of H.R. 203, the ‘‘LongTerm Care Veteran Choice Act’’, which will help expand access to healthcare for our nation’s veterans. 
In 2014, it was found that some VA Department employees were responsible for deliberately falsifying waittime records for veteran’s medical appointments in order to create the appearance of reaching waittime targets. 
the unfortunate death of several veterans who were forced to wait unreasonably long periods of time before receiving the healthcare they unquestionably earned. 
H.R. 294 is intended to prevent another unacceptable incident and to ensure our veterans receive the healthcare they deserve. 
care at nonVA health care facilities if they live more than 40 miles from a VA clinic or cannot be scheduled for an appointment at a VA clinic within 30 days. 
to provide health care services by providing expedited authority to hire more doctors and nurses and by providing for leases for the opening of 27 additional VA health facilities across the nation. 
This bill will also propose a three year pilot 
program which will transfer certain veterans to nondepartment medical foster homes if they are unable to live independently at the cost of the VA. 
It is our duty to make available only the best 
health care to our veterans, and I cite as an example the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center in Houston. 
worldclass services to almost 130,000 veterans in southeast Texas and employs over 4,000 health care professionals. 
earned prestigious awards and accreditations for the quality of care provided, including: 
hospital, longterm care, behavioral health care, home care, and substance abuse; 
Excellence in Nursing Services by the American Nurses Credentialing Center; 
Joint Commission as an Advanced Primary Stroke Center; and 
Psychological Association Commission on Accreditation for its Clinical Neuropsychology Postdoctoral Program. 
country so much and we owe it to them and to ourselvesthat they have the best and most accessible health care services. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) at 6 o’clock and 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to Executive Order 12131, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the President’s Export Council: 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 2 of the Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 715a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission: 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, last week, the FCC voted 3–2 on bipartisan lines to allow unprecedented government regulation of the Internet and reversing nearly two decades of bipartisan policy. 
In a recent interview, FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai said, ‘‘This is a solution that won’t work to a problem that doesn’t exist.’’ Mr. Speaker, the FCC Commissioner is exactly right. Why are trying to fix a problem that simply does not exist? 
dangerous and reckless disregard for free market principles and is just another example of government overreach by this administration. 
page plan to regulate the Internet will lead to slower services, less investment, and more taxation. 
continue to fight to keep a free and open Internet. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the special friendship between the United States and Israel and to welcome Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu before his address on the challenges facing our two nations. 
savagery, the radical Islamic terrorists known as ISIS have made the slaughter 
of innocent Christians a priority. In the face of this senseless violence, Israel stands as a beacon of safety. To end this barbarism, the United States, Israel, and all our allies should develop a longterm strategy to wipe ISIS off the Earth. 
confronted with the potential emergence of a nuclear Iran. Like Israel, our government should keep all options on the table to prevent this outcome. 
our Nation is fortunate to call Israel a friend. Israel and the United States share common ideals of freedom, justice, and fair elections by the people in a republic. 
back to Congress, and I look forward to his remarks on protecting our shared values against terrorism and a nuclear Iran. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
nation of Israel is surrounded by some mean, aggressive neighbors that want Israel destroyed. The leader of the pack of jackals is Iran. The Supreme Leader of Iran has made it clear he wants the Jewish state to vanish into the sands of time. 
will be here tomorrow to speak to Congress on the serious plight that Israel faces from our mutual enemy, Iran. The White House is snubbing the head of state because Congress supposedly violated protocol with the invite. 
Meanwhile, the White House is blissfully working on a backroom deal with Iran regarding their nuclear weapon program, a deal that will end up to be good for Iran, with a short pause in work on its nuclear enrichment. 
state in the Middle East for freedom. So on this Texas Independence Day and on behalf of the people of the State of Texas, the Lone Star State, I want to welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu to speak candidly and openly about the true threat from the jackal of the desert, Iran. 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
ago, a document from home changed the world with 102 final words. These words are: 
powers of the people of Texas, in solemn convention assembled, appealing to a candid 
hereby resolve and declare that our political connection with the Mexican nation has forever ended and that the people of Texas do now constitute a free, sovereign, and independent republic and are fully invested with all the rights and attributes which properly belong to independent nations; and, conscious of the rectitude of our intentions, we fearlessly and confidently commit the issue to the decision of the Supreme arbiter of the destinies of nations. 
Happy birthday to my home, the Republic of Texas. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to welcome our friend and ally Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu to the United States of America. 
address this Chamber as a head of state. Some are protesting and will not attend. This is shortsighted and, frankly, disheartening. We have no greater ally in the Middle East than Israel, and Israel’s very existence is being threatened by its neighbors in the region. 
being thrown around by its enemies. Iran marches towards a nuclear bomb; yet we do nothing, we say nothing. Sure, we negotiate, but we don’t lead. 
step forward and lead, tell the world that we will do what it takes to protect our Israeli friends, as we have done for over 70 years. 
to the United States. I look forward to your remarks tomorrow and to our nations’ continued friendship, as do the majority of Americans. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, following my friend from Mississippi, it is important that we recognize that it is not just a person coming tomorrow to speak to us, it is the leader of Israel, our best friend in the Middle East. 
You think I like to come here and get 
lectured about the Citizens United case by a guy that doesn’t understand that case? You think I enjoy coming over here and being told, You pass my American Jobs Act right now, when he didn’t even have one for a couple of weeks? 
the President because of the respect for the position. This is a dangerous precedent some are thinking about starting tomorrow: Well, I am just not going to show up because I don’t like the man that is leading Israel. 
people to stop showing up for others like the President, then start that tradition. 
to our best friend’s leader in the Middle East. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
ago, in a hamlet in what is now Grimes County, Texas, called Washingtonon theBrazos, a handful of brave Texans voted to declare independence from Mexico. We call this day Texas Independence Day. 
their independence at a decrepit old mission in San Antonio, Texas, less than 200 patriots—led by people like Davy Crockett and William Barret Travis and James Bowie—were fending off an army of somewhere between 3,000 and 5,000 Mexican soldiers under the leadership of a General Santa Ana. 
April 21, 1836, General Sam Houston, at a bayou called San Jacinto, led about 350 Texans in a surprise attack on the Mexican Army and won independence for Texas from Mexico. 
those patriots 179 years ago for what they did. 
BRIDGING THE DIVIDE: OBSERVATIONS ON RACE AND JUSTICE IN AMERICA 
CARTER of Georgia). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
this evening, the Congressional Black Caucus will take a moment to discuss our strong support for the confirmation of U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch as the next Attorney General of the United States, and we will examine the larger issue of justice in America. 
‘‘Bridging the Divide: Observations on Race and Justice in America.’’ As we reflect on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches, the events of Bloody Sunday, and the progress that has been achieved in the years since, we must remember that the Voting Rights Act was achieved not only because of those who marched, it succeeded because of those who cared enough to get involved, a Congress that became engaged, and an active Department of Justice that was diligent about enforcing the Voting Rights Act. 
active, educated, and principled character we need as our next Attorney General. Last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to confirm her as the next AG, paving the way for her confirmation by the full Senate. This 
confirmation must come soon and cannot be held up for partisan political purposes. 
With experience as a frontline prosecutor, a U.S. attorney, and as someone with a strong record of service over several decades, Ms. Lynch is more than qualified to sit at the helm of the Department of Justice and protect the rights of our American democracy. 
much more we can discuss tonight, but right now, it is most appropriate for us to examine a few topics that so many citizens in the districts we represent want to look at. 
In addition to Ms. Lynch and the Department of Justice, we would like to take time to explore the value of black lives in America and the fact that they do really matter, perceptions in minority communities regarding police treatment, the impact of black incarceration on communities, and voting rights and disenfranchisement. 
gentleman from the Garden State, my good friend and anchor for this hour of action, Representative DONALD PAYNE . 
advocate for justice issues in America and a leader in the true sense of the word. 
like to thank the gentlelady from Illinois who has demonstrated her leadership throughout her time here in Congress, and I am just delighted to also be working with her. 
Congresswoman, once again, for opening tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. It is an honor to join with her and the other members of this caucus to speak directly to the American people and keep them up to date on our efforts. 
urgent need to ensure the nomination of Loretta Lynch as the next Attorney General of the United States of America. 
career in private and public service, earning the respect of her colleagues and establishing herself as a topnotch lawyer and Federal prosecutor in the Eastern District of New York. 
on farranging issues, including public corruption, violent crime, and terrorism. They have included a number of highprofile cases, such as United States v. Volpe. In that case, Ms. Lynch was part of the trial team that convicted several New York police officers involved in the torture of Haitian immigrant Abner Louima in 1997. She also prosecuted the Bangladeshi man convicted of attempting to blow up the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 2012. 
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Lynch’s professional credentials are matched by her 
career, Ms. Lynch has demonstrated unparalleled strength of character, integrity, and independence. She has displayed an unwavering commitment to the rule of law, to public service, and to this Nation. She has proven time and time again that she is a highly capable, independent leader who carefully considers all sides of an issue and does not cave to outside influences. 
for, characteristics we should and do demand when considering nominees for U.S. Attorney General. 
and outstanding character suggest she would be capable of using her position to address a number of issues that are important to achieving true equality and justice for African American communities. These include perceptions of police treatment, voting rights, and sentencing disparities, which undermine the foundations of African American communities. 
Lynch would make an outstanding U.S. Attorney General, and it is the hope of this caucus that she can quickly be confirmed by the Senate. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
it is my honor to yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ), the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
want to thank Ms. K ELLY for her leadership and for yielding me this time as a representative of the 46 men and women comprising the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Mr. PAYNE , I want to thank you for 
all you do for our caucus and what you mean to not only the State of New Jersey, but also what you mean to all of us. 
have set aside this hour to remark about the confirmation process for Loretta Lynch. President Obama should be commended for choosing an Attorney General nominee who is well qualified in every respect. Though she lives in New York City, she is a native of Greensboro and Durham, North Carolina. She is a North Carolinian for sure. 
Lynch, whom I have known for most of my life, is a native of Martin County, North Carolina, from the town of Oak City, which is right in the heart of my congressional district. The Lynch family has deep roots in eastern North Carolina. 
Ms. Lynch has a 30year career, distinguished legal career. She is a well respected lawyer and Federal prosecutor in the Eastern District of New York, which serves 8 million people throughout Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and Long Island. Loretta Lynch is consistently recognized among her peers as a tough, fair and independent lawyer who has twice headed one of the most active and effective U.S. Attorney’s Offices in the country. 
prosecuting hate crimes and cracking down on public corruption without regard to political party or affiliation. She has a reputation for being committed to protecting human rights and ensuring equal opportunity for all Americans. Ms. Lynch possesses high moral character and integrity. She has the perfect set of professional credentials to lead the U.S. Department of Justice. 
unflappable when facing the court of public opinion and upholds the letter of the law in all circumstances, even when it is unpopular. 
Throughout Ms. Lynch’s confirmation process, Senators in both parties have lauded her qualifications and her sterling career. However, Ms. Lynch has waited longer for a confirmation vote than any U.S. Attorney General in modern history. Her nomination has been pending for more than 100 days. The politics that Republicans have played with Ms. Lynch’s nomination are deplorable, and opposition to her nomination is nothing more than, in my opinion, a political ploy to once again use any means necessary to show their disdain for the President. 
sure many other North Carolinians are, at Senator THOMTILLIS ’ vote last week 
in the Senate Judiciary Committee against the nomination of one of North Carolina’s own. Senator TILLIS had an 
opportunity to be on the right side of history in supporting her nomination, but he did not. 
history as the first African American woman to serve in the role as United States Attorney General. She is an outstanding nominee and an excellent choice. The Senate should move swiftly to confirm Loretta Lynch as Attorney General for the United States of America. 
It is now my pleasure to yield to the 
past chairperson of the Congressional Black Caucus and Congressperson extraordinaire. 
thank my good friend for yielding. I want to thank my colleagues, PAYNE  
and K ELLY , for leading the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. You are our message team. You are the people who let all of the world, all of America know what the CBC is dealing with on a daily basis, and I thank you for your work. Last week, Loretta Lynch’s nomination to serve as the next U.S. Attorney General was finally passed out of the Senate Judiciary Committee by a vote of 12–8. I use the word ‘‘finally’’ because there has been a significant delay with her confirmation. Why her confirmation has taken so long confounds me. I mean, what exactly is the Senate majority waiting for? What is the delay? 
The fact that it took over 100 days to 
just get her to a committee vote is particularly troubling when one considers how long it took to actually confirm former Attorneys General: Janet Reno, 29 days; John Ashcroft, 42 days; Michael Mukasey, 53 days; and Alberto Gonzales, who had to resign as Attorney General, 86 days. 
Clearly, Attorney Lynch’s confirmation has been singled out for delay. Ash Carter’s confirmation moved expeditiously, and he is now the Secretary of Defense. His hearing took place on February 4. He was voted out of committee on February 11, and ultimately confirmed on the Senate floor on February 12. 
Judiciary Committee, Attorney Lynch showed grace under pressure while enduring long hours of vigorous questioning. Later, she provided answers to hundreds of questions, all on the record, resulting in more than 200 pages of testimony. Her professionalism and responsiveness are well documented. 
have lauded Attorney Lynch’s qualifications. Her record speaks for itself. Senator HATCH , one of the three Republicans—shamefully, three Republicans—who recently voted in favor of Attorney Lynch’s nomination in committee, stated: 
record, including but hardly limited to her hearing testimony, shows that she is qualified to serve as Attorney General. 
show to the American public. All they need to say is that she is qualified. If they had the President and the White House, they would pick who they want. But they don’t have the President and the White House, so they have to deal with who he picks. And she is qualified. 
Further, Senators in both parties understand how important it is to fill the position of Attorney General. Yet she continues to be penalized by many members of the majority party for President Obama’s immigration policies and a general disdain for Attorney General Holder. Here we are stopping the Attorney General nomination because of immigration, we won’t fund the Department of Homeland Security because of immigration—there is a problem in the Congress of the United States. In fact, she is being judged for the actions of others, and we know that. This is nothing more than political gamesmanship. 
Senate to put Attorney Lynch’s nomination on the floor immediately. Judge Attorney Lynch on her record and her merit, and do it now. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank Congresswoman FUDGE for her very, very 
It is now my honor to yield to the 
freshman gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ). 
thank the gentlewoman for the opportunity to speak. I want to thank Ms. KELLY from the great State of Illinois, 
as well as Mr. P AYNE from the great 
State of New Jersey for yielding me this time. I want to extend my support for the confirmation of Ms. Loretta Lynch for the position of Attorney General. 
Brooklynite, a former Bronx district attorney, as well as having worked at the Justice Department, I have the utmost respect for Ms. Lynch, who has served the people of New York, and indeed this great country, is eminently qualified to be the Attorney General and should be confirmed. 
Speaker, would like to discuss another issue that is of grave importance to the people of the territories, and that is territorial voting rights. 
of the March on Selma this week, and the subsequent passage of the Voting Rights Act, I want to once again call to the attention of my colleagues here in Congress that there are still American citizens today who do not have equal voting rights. While we may discuss the irrational and truly illogical mechanism which has excluded those who have been convicted of felonies from society for voting, I want to discuss another group which has been disenfranchised, that is some 4 million people to be exact. These are citizens of America’s island territories—the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Northern Marianas—American citizens who willingly risk life and limb in defense of a great nation for which they do not have a vote. American citizens who, in their great patriotism, have paid the ultimate sacrifice, the sacrifice of their lives, and in this last conflict in Iraq and Iran, have died at a rate of seven times the national average. 
Citizens of the current U.S. territories have bravely fought in every American conflict, indeed, including the American Revolution, when we gave our own person in Alexander Hamilton from the Virgin Islands to fight in that war. Some have even been awarded the Medal of Honor, which is the Nation’s highest military honor. Yet, these citizens who have contributed and sacrificed so much still cannot vote for their Commander in Chief. 
correlation to the poverty and disenfranchisement in so many areas that the people of these island territories 
experience. Poverty in the 21st century is a shameful reality in our great Nation, and for decades it has been a serious and persistent problem in the Virgin Islands. Child poverty for us in the territories is a heartbreaking reality. 
Foundation of the Virgin Islands and Kids Count says 31 percent of the children in the Virgin Islands are living in poverty. To further underscore this troubling statistic, Virgin Islands families are struggling with a very high costofliving, driven by the fact that much of our food supplies must be imported, along with the very high cost of electricity. We pay some of the highest prices in the Nation. And while, thankfully, the American economy is on the rebound and reports of job growth are very good news, unemployment on the islands on which I live is 15 percent or more. 
The benign neglect of this great Nation to the territories has got to end. Each island was bought for military purposes, and now that it is believed by the country that the physical geopolitical need is not there, the people have been forgotten. Indeed, some have even questioned whether the people were ever remembered on these islands, that the lands and the resources were what this Nation wanted, not the people. But we have contributed much, and we deserve better. Not tying citizenship and the right to vote to the soil—the sovereign soil—on which an individual is born controverts the most basic English and, thus, American law. 
are proud people dedicated to their families, committed to their faith, and are so very willing to work hard for a better and brighter future for themselves, their children, and, indeed, this country, deserve the right to vote. 
Congresswoman PLASKETT , for educating our public on the challenges people on the Islands face. Your words are so pertinent as we go to Selma to remember the events of 50 years ago. 
honor to call to the podium the gentleman from New York, Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES , 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Illinois for yielding, and of course I want to thank Congresswoman KELLY and Congressman P AYNE for their wonderful leadership in creating this opportunity for members of the Congressional Black Caucus to speak directly to the American people on an issue of great significance, the justice system generally, but specifically, the urgent need to confirm Loretta Lynch as our next Attorney General. 
feels good to be in the presence of my two classmates, R. KELLY and D. 
PAYNE . I feel like I am in the midst of 
celebrity. Certainly, they have done a tremendous job in calling us all together. 
need this Capitol to confront. In the midst of terrorists who are all across the world who want to strike at our homeland, not only are we dealing with a dynamic where some in the House of Representatives refuse to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security because of an unnecessary obsession with the President’s executive action on immigration—let me note, of course, though individuals may differ on its legality, every President since Dwight Eisenhower has taken executive action on immigration. It has occurred 39 times since the 1950s. 
President Eisenhower did it; President Nixon did it. President Ford did it; President Reagan did it; President George Herbert Walker Bush did it; and President George W. Bush did it. Every President since Eisenhower has taken executive action to provide some form of immigration relief. But, of course, when President Obama steps forward to deal with our Nation’s current problems, a constitutional crisis has been provoked. 
Mr. Speaker, is that the effort to address the issues that some may have with President Obama’s executive action has crossed over into trying to stop, delay, and obstruct Loretta Lynch from becoming our Nation’s next Attorney General. Some over on the Senate side have even said as such: Well, we are concerned that she has got a supportive attitude as it relates to President Obama’s executive action. 
other side of the aisle are socalled strict constructionists. They believe in the sanctity of original intent as it relates to the Constitution. Well, the Constitution had an article I legislative branch, an article II executive branch, and an article III judicial branch. And the Founders suggested that if there are issues that need to be worked out, it is the court’s job to do it. So there is a lawsuit right now pending in Texas challenging the legality and the constitutionality of the President’s executive action on immigration. Let the courts do their job. Stop holding hostage our Nation’s safety and security, and stop holding hostage the confirmation of Loretta Lynch. 
If you take a look at her resume, no 
reasonable person could argue that she is not exquisitely qualified. Her resume reads like the American Dream: a Southern girl born in North Carolina, raised by a school librarian mother and a Baptist preacher father. She excelled in her elementary and high school studies so much so that she went off to college at Harvard University and then got a law degree from that same institution, one of the best law schools in the world. 
She then joined a highpowered litigation law firm in New York, excelled there, but then after several years 
cut in salary and left the private sector so she could go work as a Federal prosecutor and do some good. In that office, she quickly rose through the ranks, tried highprofile cases in the rough and tumble of New York City with grace and with dignity, always making sure that she was guided by the law and the facts—not politics, drama, and hyperbole. 
believe, by the United States Senate unanimously. The American people recognize that this is a Congress that can’t agree on basic things, yet unanimously Loretta Lynch has been confirmed twice as the lead prosecutor in the Eastern District of New York. 
resident now, and I had the honor and privilege of representing Ms. Lynch when I was in the State legislature. She has excelled as the consummate law enforcement professional. She is fair, she is equitable, she is tough, and she is just. 
So we are here today simply to say it 
is time to confirm her. The President has made the observation: You can’t stand Eric Holder. The easiest way to get rid of him is to confirm Loretta Lynch. 
take the helm over these final 20 or so months so that we have some stability at the allimportant Department of Justice. We need all hands on deck right now as it relates to the war on terror. We need the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, and the Department of Homeland Security. We have got to be correct 100 percent of the time. Terrorists only have to be right once. It seems to me that if you have a confirmation pending of a clearly qualified individual to head the Department of Justice, the responsible thing to do is to act, and to act now. 
good friends R. KELLY and D. P AYNE for 
giving me this opportunity to spend a few moments on behalf of a tremendous Brooklynite, by way of North Carolina, who is clearly qualified to be our Nation’s next Attorney General. It is time to bring the confirmation to the floor and to allow her to serve the American people. 
kindly to the gentleman from New York, Congressman HAKEEM JEFFRIES , 
from a number of Members why Loretta Lynch would be a great Attorney 
General. Hopefully, we can move on this and she will be confirmed very soon. 
like to introduce one of my freshman colleagues, the woman from the great State of Ohio, Congresswoman extraordinaire JOYCE BEATTY . 
my classmate and colleagues for hosting us this evening for the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, during the past month, 
we honored the great achievements and rich history of African Americans and the African American community. We reflected on an unfortunate journey through slavery and segregation, prejudices and discrimination. Though we bring Black History Month to a close, the Congressional Black Caucus will continue to fight for justice. Tonight our Special Order hour is Bridging the Divide: Observations on Race and Justice in America. 
society, however, does not end because we entered a new month. We must remain focused on how we can bridge the divides in our society and how we can bring our Nation closer together. The divides are striking, and we know them all too well: the schooltoprison pipeline, education disparities, health disparities, the injustices in our justice system. 
It is well established in fact that students of color face harsher punishments in schools than their White peers, leading to a higher number of youth of color in detention, suspension, and, yes, expelled. Mr. Speaker, African American students are arrested far more often than their White classmates. Black and Hispanic students represent more than 70 percent of those involved in schoolrelated arrests or referrals to law enforcement. Currently, African Americans make up twofifths and Hispanics onefifth of confined youth today. 
we punish behavior in schools, but also how we fund education. Mr. Speaker, this is true in K–12. It is also true in higher education. And we know that a college degree is a path to a middle class life. As African American students graduate with more debt than their White classmates, the cuts to Pell grants are threatening African American access to a better education. Without the Pell grant program, hundreds of thousands of young African Americans would not be able to afford college. 
coverage are startling. The infant mortality rate among African Americans is 2.3 times that of nonHispanic Whites, and African American infants are four times more likely than nonHispanic White infants to die, mostly due to complications related to birth weight. 
prejudices and these injustices in our Nation headon. The Congressional Black Caucus is committed to resolving these challenges. The Congressional Black Caucus has fought to ensure funding the Pell grant. Pell grants are contained in each year’s appropriations bills. We have worked hard to make sure that the maternity and newborn care are part of health care plans under the Affordable Care Act. Over 390,000 African American women in the individual market alone are projected to gain maternity coverage thanks— yes, thanks—to the Affordable Care Act. Our task force on the elimination 
of sentencing disparities is moving the ball on how Black men and women are treated in the judicial system. 
Congress, our partners, the Deltas, my sorority, Delta Sigma Theta sorority, held their annual Delta Days in the Nation’s Capital today with thousands of women from across this Nation gathering and advocating for these same disparities and injustices. 
As Deltas were uniting in their efforts today in our Nation’s Capital, my sorors and I were also uniting for one of our very own—nominee Loretta Lynch. Last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted 12–8 to approve the confirmation of Loretta Lynch as the next United States Attorney General, bringing her confirmation to the full Senate for consideration. 
weeks before that when we were in that hearing room. It looked like a sea of red as Deltas marched in and lined up one after another wearing our colors, crimson and cream. Deltas lined the outside of the hearing room. Mr. Speaker, we did that because, prior to entering that room, media and some of my colleagues on the other side had tried to make it a bad thing that she organized and was a founder of her college chapter of Delta Sigma Theta sorority. 
What we were able to do was to show 
them when we work together, whether that is Democrats and Republicans or sorority members or nonsorority members, when it is the right thing to do, we can make a difference. 
I was so proud last week to sit there 
on the front row with my other colleagues—with our chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman G.K. BUTTERFIELD ; with the 100th 
woman sworn into the United States Congress, Congresswoman ALMA 
ADAMS ; to be there with the 21st national president of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Congresswoman MARCIA  
father, Reverend Lorenzo Lynch of North Carolina, while the Judiciary Committee favorably reported the nomination on a vote that was closer than it needed to be. 
Ms. Lynch’s nomination is well deserved and historic. Ms. Lynch testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee for nearly 8 hours, and she responded to nearly 900 written questions, which is unprecedented. Many of the written questions, Mr. Speaker, were from Senators who had already declared their opposition to her nomination. 
been pending far longer than any recent Attorney General’s nomination which, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, is shameful. She deserves to be voted our next Attorney General. If Senators have a reason to vote against her nomination, they should make their case 
unite behind a wellqualified nominee for a critical position, Congress Members will have an opportunity to be united this weekend when Democrats and Republicans will travel to Alabama to march to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches. 
equal voting rights. Out of those marches, we got the Voting Rights Act. However, disparities remain, and the Voting Rights Act has been eroded. 
of who votes if my Republican colleagues would bring up the Voting Rights Amendment Act, H.R. 885. Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker. We can end the divide of who can vote if my Republican colleagues would bring up the Voting Rights Amendment Act, H.R. 885. 
we wait to have equal rights and justice? It is well past time that we deliver to all Americans what they deserve. 
Like we did 50 years ago in Selma, we 
must do so again today and stand united arm in arm, as my Congressional Black Caucus colleagues and I did recently in Ferguson and as we will do tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow. 
end to the disparities that hold our hardworking families back from achieving the middle class dreams and the dreams of all Americans: that we should be equal. 
the gentlewoman from the great State of Ohio. You have done a great job describing the challenges and sharing the progress that has been made thus far for our constituents of color. You have given us a call to action. 
Lynch will replace Eric Holder as Attorney General. In that role, she will be in charge of managing and directing the policies of our Nation’s law enforcement officers. 
uniquely fitted to serve that role for our Nation, especially at this critical point in our national discourse. As U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Ms. Lynch currently serves as the chief Federal prosecutor for Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and Long Island. 
July occurred on Staten Island, within Ms. Lynch’s jurisdiction. Eric Garner’s death—followed by the death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, this past August—stirred a national discussion on use of force by police. Unfortunately, this discussion has produced increased animosity and distrust between law enforcement officers and the communities they serve. This is especially true in communities of color. 
Speaker. This is not the way to move our country forward. We cannot afford 
distrust between law enforcement and the communities they are tasked with protecting. What we need is increased compassion, increased understanding, and increased trust between police and communities, and Loretta Lynch understands this. 
Few things have pained me more than reported tensions and division between law enforcement and the communities we serve. If confirmed as Attorney General, one of my key priorities will be to work to strengthen the vital relationships of courageous law enforcement personnel in the communities we serve. 
do serve in law enforcement. I have many friends in law enforcement. I have been fortunate enough to have many positive experiences with the law enforcement community. I understand just how courageous and brave the men and women who dedicate their lives to keeping us safe truly are. 
many citizens in communities of color have toward law enforcement following these tragic events. Nobody should live in fear of the institutions put in place to protect them. To move forward, we must change the conversation from law enforcement versus community to law enforcement and community. 
Essential to advancing this cooperative and mutually beneficial relationship is the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services, or COPS office, within the Department of Justice. COPS is tasked with building trust and mutual respect between police and their communities. 
Increasing trust is essential to advancing public safety. A citizen who trusts their local police office and understands their mission is less likely to engage in antisocial and unlawful behavior; and a police officer who can empathize with the fears, sensibilities, and concerns of community members will be less likely to take rash, unwarranted, or disproportionate responses to those unlawful actions. 
enforcement agencies and communities to work together and, instead of simply addressing immediate concerns, address systemic issues plaguing communities, many of which serve as the root cause of the violence and crime that occurs. 
‘‘Building Relationships, Solving Problems.’’ For the past 20 years, COPS has done just that. COPS grants have given billions of dollars to State and local law enforcement agencies to hire police officers, provide technical assistance, and conduct training programs teaching collaboration skills, increasing shared understanding, and advancing sensitivity training. 
person to lead our Justice Department and further advance the efforts of the COPS program than Loretta Lynch. 
Ms. Lynch is exactly right in her desired focus of prioritizing improving relationships between law enforcement and communities. Her vision is exactly what the Justice Department and the COPS program, in particular, need at this critical point in time. 
anger, and deep concern felt in communities across the country; however, it is simply unsustainable to have a dynamic where police fear communities and communities fear the police. 
local law enforcement agencies and the entire justice system treat all Americans fairly and value all American lives equally, we must hold law enforcement to high professional standards and provide them with necessary training to effectively protect and police diverse communities. 
Mr. Speaker, this month, we recognize the 50th anniversary of the March on Selma, Alabama. The brave men and women who marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge that day and the countless others through the Jim Crow South were on the receiving end of horrendous and unspeakable actions of police brutality. 
We have come a long way over the 50 
years, Mr. Speaker; however, much work remains. I can think of no better person to lead that charge than Loretta Lynch. I look forward to her service as our Nation’s Attorney General and the robust COPS program she will advance. 
like to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for her concise assessment of the nomination of an outstanding prosecutor, outstanding attorney, and outstanding American. 
As it was stated by one of my colleagues, Ms. Lynch has followed and been a part of the American Dream, coming from meager beginnings, having a mother and father who cared for her and nurtured her, allowed her to get a good education and move on to— as it was stated—one of the best schools in our Nation and in the world and also to get her law degree from that same school. 
hearings that I saw, Ms. Lynch has one problem. Is it her qualifications? No. Is it her demeanor? No. Has she done everything that she has been asked to do as a prosecutor in the Eastern District of New York? Yes. 
no one is saying that she is not qualified. There is a political issue in the way, and that political issue is that she is the nominee of President Barack Obama, and that is her only issue, as I see it. 
American should do: played by the rules all her life, pulled herself up by her bootstraps, got a good education, went into the private sector and then 
to go be a Federal prosecutor at a 75 percent decrease in salary. 
Now, if that is not an American committed to this Nation, I don’t know what is, so her only violation is that she was nominated by this President. Immigration continues to be the issue that is the rub. That is why we don’t have funding for the Department of Homeland Security: because of immigration, because my colleagues on the other side don’t agree with what the President did. 
outrageous, that a person that has done everything that they are supposed to do gets to this point and was confirmed twice by the Senate—now, I don’t know if President Obama nominated her either one of those times, but now that he is nominating her for this position, well, she just doesn’t cut it, there are issues. 
issues with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and their disdain for their President at times, absolute disdain. It is a matter of you are better off not saying that you are involved with the President the way it is going around here. It makes no sense. It absolutely makes no sense. 
Now, here is a woman that has allowed herself to go through this process and knew it was going to be rigorous, knew there were going to be challenges, knew she would be challenged, and came through the committee 12–8. But people initially that were going to support her, Mr. Speaker, had decided, Well, now, there is something wrong. 
I mean, what happened? What happened in 2 weeks, in the space of 3 weeks, that has made you antiLoretta Lynch? 
Mr. Speaker, that we need to be dealing with, and the Department of Homeland Security is one of them. We need to fund the Department of Homeland Security. It is interesting. I hear my colleagues’ interest and concern about immigration and people coming across the border. 
Homeland Security, how do you think that work continues? If you think it is bad now, don’t fund the Department. You have people listening—the terrorists. You don’t think terrorists are listening to this? You don’t think this is a great opportunity for them to decide to maybe go rogue, to come out of their lone wolf status and do what they need to do because they know no one is minding the store because we decided to furlough people? You are concerned about this Nation and its security? It doesn’t make sense to me. 
American community, and we are here every other Monday night to express them—criminal justice, the issue around ‘‘Black lives matter,’’ and the perceptions of police treatment in the 
African American community. I can tell you a personal story about my interaction, as a youngster, with a member of the police force back in my home in Newark, New Jersey. 
It was a horrendous, horrendous episode in my life, but I got a break because the officer realized that my father was a member of the city council of that town. Prior to seeing my name on my driver’s license and learning that, he told me that, if I didn’t produce the papers that he wanted, they would throw me so far under the jail that they would never find me. But once I produced this document that said that I was all of a sudden somebody—I am a person; I am relevant— then he became nurturing. He said: Don’t you know that making a Uturn is dangerous? and became paternal, but prior to that, it was that they would throw me so far under the jail that they would never find me. 
So I stand here, Mr. Speaker, on behalf of all of the people who wouldn’t have gotten that break. It is my obligation to make sure that the playing field is level, not because you are related to someone, not because you know someone, not because you have connections. Every American should be afforded the opportunity I was afforded that day. 
leadership in leading tonight’s Congressional Black Caucus hour. These Special Orders give us the opportunity to speak directly to the American people about the work on their behalf and the issues that we care about. This is something that we do, and we are honored to be able to do it. 
at home who have tuned in tonight. It is our point to engage in an ongoing and meaningful dialogue, and I hope that they will continue to join us on Monday nights. 
We began by discussing the nomination of Loretta Lynch as the next U.S. Attorney General. Ms. Lynch’s nomination has been slowwalked by the Republicans, who would rather make it more about the President’s immigration policy than about Ms. Lynch’s qualifications and strength of character. Ms. Lynch has earned a number of outside endorsements, including from the International Association of Chiefs of Police, and her record is impeccable. It is the hope of this caucus that the full Senate comes to realize the urgency of her nomination and confirms her immediately. 
Ms. Lynch’s professional record suggests that she will embrace the vision of the Department of Justice, whose mission is to advance the cause of justice and equality for all Americans. 
This is absolutely critical to the African American community, whose needs are not currently being met by our criminal justice system. Today, we see a criminal justice system that does not treat all Black lives as though they matter. From Staten Island to Ferguson, unarmed Black men have been the victims of excessive, deadly force by law enforcement. This creates and perpetuates a distrust in our communities, and it makes it increasingly difficult to have a meaningful dialogue between law enforcement and the communities they are charged with protecting. 
treatment are compounded by a number of other factors, including the disturbing gaps in incarceration rates. African Americans are incarcerated at a rate that is seven times higher than that of our White counterparts. These individuals are removed from the workforce often for drugrelated crimes during their prime working years. They struggle to reenter society, having difficulty finding jobs and becoming productive members of their communities. Instead of immediately incarcerating those who commit drugrelated, nonviolent crimes, more effort should be devoted to rehabilitation. 
At the same time, we need to reevaluate the effectiveness of the war on drugs, a war that disproportionately affects African Americans and devastates African American and minority communities. When exfelons reenter society, we need to ensure that our criminal justice system avoids purely punitive measures against them, including exfelon disenfranchisement. 
criminal justice system so as to eliminate disparities in sentences. According to the National Urban League, mandatory minimums and disparities in crack cocaine sentencing incarcerated countless numbers of African Americans for an inhumane length of time and had the U.S. as the world leader in prison population. This has created a modernday caste system in America. When we address these issues, we will make significant progress toward a criminal justice system that reflects our values of full equality for all Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleagues, Congressman DONALD PAYNE , JR. 
of the CBC Special Order Hour entitled: ‘‘Bridging The Divide: Observations on Race and Justice in America.’’ And as I reflect on some of the issues affecting the intersection of race and justice that still plague this country, I am deeply saddened. 
Just on the other side of the Capitol, the 
Republicanled Senate has delayed the confirmation of Loretta Lynch as our next Attorney, General, forcing her to wait for a vote longer than any other attorney general nominee in the last three decades. Despite this long delay, the Senate was able to quickly confirm the nomination of our new Defense Secretary Ashton Carter. Critics in the Senate have called into question Ms. Lynch’s qualifications, dismissing her as ‘‘just another Eric Holder,’’ choosing to ignore her exceptional academic record and impressive career accomplishments. 
In the past few months, this nation has been 
rocked by the deaths of black men at the hands of police, and the fiery nationwide protests in response. The lost lives of Tamir Rice, Eric Garnet, Mike Brown, and so many others have only contributed to the painful perception that black life is devalued in America. Many pundits have observed these tragedies and the various responses to them as proof that race relations in this country have regressed. 
bars in 2015 than there were enslaved in 1850, and these sentencing disparities have far reaching consequences. Among democratic nations, the United States enforces some of the world’s most restrictive disenfranchisement laws for felons, keeping millions of men and women from ever being able to fulfill their civic duty. We ask them to pay their debt to society, we require them to reenter society as productive adults, yet we strip them of such a basic democratic freedom. Without question, these laws disproportionately affect African Americans, and Mr. Speaker, it is time for a change. 
seem bleak, I remain encouraged by the resolve of so many Americans around the country Nationwide protests by people of all backgrounds have forced local lawmakers to confront their policies and make sure that they reflect the communities they govern. But as we all know, there is a long road ahead. And as the conscious of the Congress, it is the responsibility of the Congressional Black Caucus, to ensure that this august chamber addresses these issues essential to the quality of life for all Americans. 
WILL THE U.S. AND THE INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY ALLOW IRAN TO DEVELOP A NUCLEAR WEAPON? 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
honored tonight to lead this Special Order on what is one of the most critical issues facing our Nation in generations. Now, I know that sounds dramatic and that it sounds like it is a statement that is just designed to capture people’s attention, but it is actually true. This is a question that will define our safety and our security for generations to come. 
that we want to address tonight is: Will the U.S. and the international community allow Iran to develop a nuclear weapon? 
For generations, it has been the policy of Republican and Democratic administrations that we would not allow that to happen. It is critical to the security of our friends and allies in the region that we are successful in denying them this. It is critical to our own national security, to the interests at home, and to our interests abroad that we not allow Iran to nuclearize their weapons program. So we come to this question: Will we allow that to happen? Tonight, I stand here, along with 
many of my colleagues, to express my great concern about what the President is doing and the state of the negotiations as they are now. Tomorrow, we get to hear from the Prime Minister of Israel. I look forward to hearing his comments. He certainly has, as they say, a dog in this fight, but so do we. Let me begin by telling you a little bit about my background. 
I spent 14 years as a pilot in the Air 
Force. I flew the B–1. At one point, I was the pilot rep for the implementation of the Strategic Arms Reduction Talks, or START I and START II, implementing a treaty that we had with the former Soviet Union. This was a very interesting experience. I learned a 
lot from this. I certainly learned of the details and the necessity of following through with every tiny detail of these treaties and of implementing them. Our Russian counterparts could show up at our base at any time with only a fewhours’ notice. They had access to the most highly sensitive areas. They would measure; they would observe; they would talk; they had incredibly sophisticated ways of verifying that we were complying with elements of the START Treaty, as we did with Russia. 
one of the keys to making sure that this treaty that the President is negotiating is successful, which brings us then to, really, one of our central questions, because I learned from my own experience that, for a treaty as sophisticated as this would have to be to be successful, there has to be a modicum of trust, an element of trust, between the two parties—a grain, a core of trust—where they both want the treaty to succeed. I don’t know if we have that now. 
concern with Secretary Kerry just last week. I asked him very simply: Can you name me a single example where the United States or our allies for generations have had a positive, constructive experience with Iran? Can you show me any example of how they have worked with us in a positive manner? He could not provide me with a single example. 
questions that we have to address, so let’s ask this question: Can we trust Iran? Let me explain to you why I think the answer to that is ‘‘no.’’ 
You see this map beside me. This indicates Iran’s range of influence around the world, and it reaches, as you see, from North Korea, through central Asia, through the Middle East, through parts of Europe, to South America and to Mexico. Iran has been a state sponsor of terrorism for more than 30 years. They, by themselves, have developed an extensive military complex—the Defense Industries Organization, as they call it. The DIO is able to supply Iran with all of the materials that they need in order to carry out their terrorist activities around the world—all of the ammunition, all of the equipment, all of the weapons. In fact, Iran is the primary supplier 
of the weapons and ammunition of two other officially recognized state sponsors of terror—Sudan and Syria. It is the primary sponsor of a number of listed foreign terrorist organizations, including Hezbollah and Hamas and numerous Shi’a militias in Iraq. 
Iran has directed the terrorist activities of numerous of these Shi’a militias, and let me point out this fact: over the last dozen years or so, these Iranianbacked militias have been responsible for the deaths of hundreds of American soldiers working in the theater. Hundreds of American soldiers have lost their lives due to the direct activities of Iran. 
on the map, they engage in narcotics trafficking and human smuggling in Mexico. In the triborder area of Brazil and Argentina and Paraguay, Hezbollah has a safe haven for recruiting, training, and fundraising. Even Venezuela is, similarly, a safe haven. In India, they provide support for Syed 
Kalbe Jawad, who is recruiting Shi’a militias to fight in Iraq and Syria. They cooperate with North Korea in cyber warfare. The list of their interventions in a negative and a destructive way around the world is, indeed, very long. 
and China. They provide port facilities. They are a strategic ally of North Korea. They have cooperated with North Korea to develop ballistic missiles. 
my conversation with the Secretary of State, where I ask him: Can you give us a single example of a positive or constructive alliance or agreement or partnership that we have had with this Nation of Iran? 
Iranian leaders have stated their objective is to destroy Israel and, of course, the great Satan, the U.S. In fact, I can show you. 
wonder what it is. It is not something taken from World War II or from another war. This actually happened last week, where Iran completed a successful exercise in a simulated attack on a U.S. aircraft carrier. Does that sound like the activity of a potential partner? 
Hezbollah has stockpiled approximately 60,000 surfacetosurface rockets in Lebanon. Hamas has stockpiled approximately 10,000 surfacetosurface rockets in Gaza. Iran is, of course, the primary supplier of both of these, and their stated purpose is to destroy Israel, to wipe it off the map. 
Rouhani said: ‘‘The Zionist regime has been a wound in the body of the Islamic world for years, and the wound should be removed.’’ 
that Iran has no roots in the Middle East and that it would be eliminated. 
hour by emphasizing once again that Iran has demonstrated several generations now of destructive, warlike, deadly activities around the world designed to destroy Israel, designed to weaken or destroy the United States, killing American soldiers overseas, and this is the partner that we think we can trust with one of the most critical issues of our day. I hope the President realizes the danger that we would face if they prove not to be a reliable partner. 
today. First, I would like to invite my friend, DENNIS ROSS from Florida, a 
the American Embassy in Tehran was seized and Iranians held 50 American hostages for more than 444 days. Each year, on November 4, Iranians celebrate death to America day to commemorate the 1979 seizure of our Embassy. So while we are celebrating Thanksgiving, President’s Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, and Labor Day, for the last 35 years, Iran has been celebrating, once a year, death to America day. The party with whom we are negotiating nuclear capabilities celebrates death to America day. 
Beirut, killing 300 United States marines. Iranianbacked Hezbollah militants claimed responsibility for this mass murder. 
sponsor of radical Islamic terrorism throughout the world today, including sleeper cells in the United States. 
last week, Iran’s Revolutionary Guard staged war games in the Strait of Hormuz. When they blew up that mock U.S. aircraft carrier, Iran’s Supreme Leader, the Ayatollah Khamenei, proclaimed that ‘‘Americans are ready to be buried at the bottom of the water’’— the supreme commander, leader of the party with whom we are negotiating a nuclear capabilities deal. 
Iran has a ruthless track record of terrorizing the West, including the United States. Let’s be perfectly clear: Iran wants to destroy America, as they claim every November 4, and as they demonstrated last week in the Strait of Hormuz. Iran is a nuclear threshold state. 
privilege of traveling to Israel and meeting with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu. During my visit, the Prime Minister and I discussed in great detail the threat posed by Iran to Israel and the region. Iran openly declares its intention to destroy the State of Israel. 
diverse missile arsenal in the Middle East. The missiles are capable of carrying nuclear and chemical weaponry 
within a rage of 1,500 miles. With bared teeth, Iran, in conjunction with North Korea, is developing a longer range missile capable of reaching the United States. In just a few years, they will have that technology. 
I am deeply concerned about the current round of negotiations between President Obama and Iran. The current deal coming out of the White House would allow Iran to develop nuclear weapons after 10 years. A longterm deal that allows Iran to develop nuclear capabilities only strengthens the hand of Iran and fortifies their determination to destroy Israel, dominate the Middle East, the Muslim world, and the entire globe, including the United States. 
Iran says its nuclear program is entirely for peaceful purposes and not aimed at developing nuclear weapons. However, Madam Speaker, history is replete with examples that argue quite the opposite. Iran is not our friend. Iran should never be allowed to develop nuclear weapons. 
hearing Prime Minister Netanyahu detail his opposition to this agreement that would grant Iran a license to develop nuclear weapons. 
implement this dangerous plan. Congress has the responsibility to prevent this foreign policy disaster from ever occurring. We must stand firmly with Israel. Unless Iran is willing to forgo its entire nuclear program, the United States should not ease sanctions and should allow Iran to become a nuclear state. 
for your defense of these concerns that we have. 
I would ask the question, to emphasize something that you said, sir: Why is Iran building ICBMs? 
in the last few days in an article, he said: You don’t build ICBMs to deliver dynamite. 
are, I would think. And although we will come back to this, I would like to follow up with one other point that you made. But before we do that, let me turn the time now to my friend, Mr. ROGER WILLIAMS from Texas. He also 
Tuesday, Israel’s Prime Minister will make a direct appeal to the American people. His plea will not be made in front of cameras at a press conference. They will not be made from his home country 6,000 miles away. Tomorrow morning, Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu will stand right here behind me at this podium to address this Congress. 
us to directly petition Congress and the American people because, sadly, he has, like so many, lost faith in the abilities of our Commander in Chief. 
The Prime Minister has lost faith in an administration whose foreign policy summarized the President’s guiding advice: Don’t do stupid stuff. 
President, whose aids slander his name to the press. He is skeptical about the State Department’s trust above all else policy with Iran, whose leaders have publicly proclaimed their desire for Israel to be wiped off the map. He regrets the President’s inability to outright condemn Hamas, a U.S.designated terrorist organization, without blaming Israel in the same sentence. 
Mr. Netanyahu has rightly questioned America’s once unwavering commitment to his homeland, Israel— Israel, our partner, our ally, but most importantly, our friend. 
Madam Speaker, we have responsibility—no, we have a commitment—to watch over and protect our greatest advocate in the Middle East. To my colleagues in this body that do not believe in the United States’ moral obligation to watch over Israel, I remind them about the United States’ strategic obligation. Israel’s interests are closely aligned with ours. Israel benefits from a secure America, just as America benefits in having a secure, stable, and trustworthy ally in a very volatile, dangerous region. 
America has a moral obligation to ensure Israel’s peace and prosperity, I cannot disregard the obvious strategic benefits our relationship has brought us. The Obama administration’s inability to realize this twofold bond between the United States and Israel illustrates how out of touch they really are. 
the Chamber of the United States House of Representatives. 
Mr. President, you and your supporters who refuse to meet with our friend, I must remind you of your foreign policy advice. Simply, you said: Don’t do stupid stuff. 
In God we trust. Mr. STEWART. Thank you, Mr. WILLIAMS . 
Is it stupid to trust Iran? Is it stupid 
to negotiate an agreement that is fatally flawed? And I have deep concerns about this agreement in that it is fatally flawed. 
For example, and perhaps most glaringly, there is this provision that allows for a sunset. We are not precluding Iran from developing nuclear weapons. In the very best case scenario, we are simply delaying them from developing nuclear weapons. 
How in the world is it within the interest of the United States or our allies in the region or others in the area, as well, to simply say we are going to stop you from developing nuclear weapons for 10 years, which is reportedly one of the provisions of this agreement? 
them. It delays them only if it assumes that they adhere to the agreement, something that many of us are very skeptical about. 
came to Congress together. He is active in the foreign affairs community, and, I am proud to say, he is the chairman of the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare. 
your leadership tonight on the very important timing of this, precluding the important meetings we will have this week. 
pay tribute and gratitude to Prime Minister Netanyahu for taking the time to come to the United States to express his grave concern over the perilous threat that he sees for the United States and for Israel. 
Israel, they have been a steadfast, loyal, democratic ally for the United States. They have stood strong as a surrogate on our behalf, fighting terrorism, Hamas, Hezbollah, and al Qaeda. 
the Golan Heights, I saw young men and women, 20 and 21 years old, in the tank division prepared for battle. They were courageous. Down in Gaza, the same type of commitment. They had the recognition of the realities of those missiles firing across, those missiles that are funded by Iran. 
asked him the same question I asked him a year ago: Mr. Prime Minister, at such time that you need America, will America be there for you? 
What a sad commentary on a relationship that we have with our most important ally in the Middle East. 
is throughout the Middle East and, yes, throughout the world. They have been the primary funding agent for terrorism for the last 35 years. Every incident that you have seen in Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon, Yemen and other parts has their hand of funding and commitment. 
critical role that is played in addressing this threat. Like Winston Churchill, he is coming to America to awaken the world to this perilous threat, a threat that Winston Churchill saw, that he spoke of time and again. While the world allowed Germany to take Austria and Czechoslovakia, we deferred, we appeased, we thought nothing else would happen. 
We have given concession after concession after concession to Iran, $12 billion in repatriated oil profits have been 
remunerated back to Iran. We have fueled their economy, sustaining their economy, enabling them to go forward. 
have been involved in many—you succeed with your adversary when you tighten the screws, not when you loosen them. We have had an inverse effect in this entire communication and dialogue with Iran. 
entity that is willing and able to continue this further negotiation because we have sustained their economy. Yes, the oil prices have come down, but what if we had kept the screws on them? 
the table back in the late 1970s and the early 1980s and through the 1980s. Why did that happen? Because we had sustained economic pressure, sustained political pressure, sustained military pressure, sustained human rights pressure—we kept the pressure on. 
Iran; and, as a result, we are faced with the consequences now where they have changed the entire narrative. The narrative in the beginning was: Should Iran have nuclear materials? Now, the narrative is: What level of nuclear materials should we allow Iran to have? That is how much we have lost in this process. 
This is a time to work with our allies in the Middle East. I have been and sat down with the Crown Prince in United Arab Emirates. I have sat down with the Emir in Qatar and with President elSisi. They all understand the gravity of terrorism. They all understand the issue of Iran. The world sees this threat. This is no time to appease; this is no time to defer. 
Reagan was strong. The world knew America was strong—yet he never fired a shot, and the Wall came down. When America is strong, the world is at peace. God help us to understand the gravity of this hour, the importance of the message that will come from Prime Minister Netanyahu. 
great work that he does as the chairman of the Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare. 
I have to interject here for just a moment something that others have alluded to as well, and that is this idea of a sunset provision. We have to recognize what a dramatic change in policy that is. 
would not allow Iran to have nuclear weapons. It is simply our policy if that provision is agreed to that we would delay them from having nuclear weapons. 
grow their economy. It lifts the sanctions. They can sell their oil. They can continue to finance terror operations around the world, all under the understanding that, in 10 years, they could 
resume their nuclear program. Again, that assumes that they don’t cheat in the interim which is, in my opinion, likely that they will. 
Let me ask this question: Why a sunset provision? Do you think the world is going to be more stable in 10 years than it is now? Will Iran become our trusted friend and ally over the next 10 years? Will they lose all of their regional ambitions? It will lead inevitably to a dangerous and chaotic and destabilizing arms race in the region. 
an interview with The Atlantic about 3 years ago, he said: ‘‘It will not be tolerable to a number of States in that region for Iran to have a nuclear weapon and them not to have a nuclear weapon . . . and so the dangers of an Iran getting nuclear weapons that then leads to a freeforall in the Middle East is something that I think would be very dangerous for the world.’’ 
more, which is why it makes no sense for your agreement to contain anything close to a sunset provision that allows them to develop their nuclear weapons a few years down the road. 
I would like to turn the time now to 
the gentleman from New Jersey, my friend TOMMACARTHUR . He serves on 
the House Committee on Armed Services, as well as the Committee on Natural Resources. He is one of the bright, young Members of the Congress. 
rise today with so many of my colleagues to not only reaffirm our friendship with the State of Israel, but to express my deep appreciation for it. 
Our two countries share an unbreakable commitment to the democratic ideals of individual, religious, and economic freedom. Israel stands as a beacon of democracy in a region characterized by political repression. For that, she should be honored and protected. 
be a political talking point. It shouldn’t be a friendship of convenience. We can’t settle merely for maintaining the relationship between our two countries. We must strengthen it. Too often, we talk about the threats to Israel or what is in Israel’s interest. 
a threat to us. Israel’s interest is our interest. As our closest ally in a highly unstable part of the world, Israel faces countless threats and challenges to her very existence. Without qualification or hesitation, the United States must stand by Israel’s right to defend herself 
against terrorism and aggression by those who would do her harm. 
growing instability in the region remind us that we cannot take our ally for granted. We must stand against a nuclearcapable Iran, as we have heard tonight, a very real and imminent threat that would jeopardize not only our ally, not only this region, but the freedom Israel deserves and the stability of the world. 
States and Israel is strong. Our shared history of cultural exchange and collaboration has enriched countless lives. Our open lines of trade have benefited not just Israel, but both of our great countries. 
for generations, but we have to commit ourselves to it. If we continue our robust military aid and cooperation to Israel to ensure her security in the region, then the United States and Israel will continue to stand together as shining examples of democracy and freedom in the world. 
would like to thank my friend, Mr. MACARTHUR . 
I now recognize another friend, someone who I have come to respect tremendously from the tireless work that she does on the House Committee on Armed Services and has become a leader among her peers here in Congress, the gentlelady from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. I thank the gentleman from Utah, and I commend those of my colleagues tonight who are here as well talking about the existential threat of a nuclear Iran. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my deepest concern over the growing threat of a nuclear Iran and the threat it poses to the rest of the world. Satellite images show that Iran’s nuclear weapons can reach the eastern seaboard of the United States. 
sponsor of terrorism, achieves nuclear weapons capability, the effects would be catastrophic. While it is certain that a rogue Iran would target Israel as a onebomb country, it is also certain that the U.S. is their target and final target. 
News from last week’s nuclear negotiations with Iran is troubling. Iran will be allowed the right to enrich, retain thousands of centrifuges—which they don’t deserve—and build a plutonium reactor, which they should never have practical need of; yet during these talks, they continue to obstruct inspectors, who reported last week about the possible existence in Iran of undisclosed development of a nuclear payload for a missile. 
amidst of a hurting economy and harsh sanctions, Iran still managed to find a way to build, develop, and test their nuclear weapons capability. 
their capability if the current administration were to even lift those sanctions? One thing is very clear. We have made too many compromises since trying to broker a deal with Iran, and there have been too little consequences for their unwillingness to cooperate. 
that our position was zero enrichment and zero centrifuges. Under President Obama, this has been abandoned as being unrealistic. Negotiations began with an offer to end Iranian enrichment. Now, today, the deal is a temporary arrangement that allows a strong, internationally authorized nuclear program. 
their nuclear developments, we are sending a signal to the rest of the world that a rogue state can disobey all rules, maintain their supply of illegal enrichment, and still get international leaders to approve an enrichment program. 
A nucleararmed Iran would dramatically change the balance of power in the Middle East and threaten freedom and peace for the rest of the world. They would clearly spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East and destabilize the entire region. 
and others will have no choice but to develop their own nuclear programs to protect their countries from the threat of Iran, not to mention that Iran will likely share their nuclear technology and knowhow with extremist groups hostile to not only the United States, but also to our allies in the West. 
If there is to be any hope of reaching 
a peaceful deal and if Iran wants prosperity and success for its own people, it must stop its pursuit of a nuclear weapon, sponsorship of terrorism, and human rights abuses. 
they must give inspectors unfettered access to covert facilities. Iran has to cooperate and stop obstructing inspectors. Preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability is the surest way to prevent war and preserve peace. 
States must maintain our rich partnership with our allies, including Israel, who is our closest ally in the Middle East. I welcome Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu to the people’s House tomorrow. 
the other speakers bring up many good points. Let me emphasize just a few of them if I could. 
last week that the IAEA said Iran was still refusing to answer questions regarding its previous weapons program. Even in the midst of negotiating with the administration, they are still refusing to answer questions about their previous nuclear weapons program. 
has refused to release the full text of the deal. It has even been reported that there is an informal side deal that is something like a 30plus page text. 
myself and others, who are interested and concerned, from determining what constitutes cheating by the Iranians. There are so many other reasons that we are concerned about this. 
quickly. It was reported that Iran can still produce enough nuclear material to fuel a bomb in as little as 2 months. In as little as 2 months, they would be a breakout nation that would keep the region—and, in fact, the entire world— 
on a knife’s edge, wondering if they would make the decision to weaponize and to break out. Those are some of the concerns that we have. 
Let me recognize my friend, the gentleman from Ohio, BRADWENSTRUP . He 
is a past Army Reserve officer—thank you, sir, for your service. He is a doctor. He serves with me on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, as well as he serves on the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Thank you, Congressman S TEWART . I thank you for 
your service to our Nation in the Air Force and your service to our Nation here in Congress. I thank you for organizing this event here on the floor tonight. 
this evening, on the eve of Prime Minister Netanyahu’s address to Congress, we stand with Israel and the Israeli people, shoulder to shoulder, in the face of growing Islamic extremism. The United States was the first country to recognize Israel upon its founding in the years after World War II. 
minutes to recognize the new nation cradled along the Mediterranean, in the land of Judea. Time and time again since then, Israel has been besieged, but our relationship has always stood firm, and that is because our friendship is built on the shared values of democracy, free enterprise, respect for life, and a commitment to a lasting peace. 
your very existence is in question and your neighbors vow to wipe you off the map, it is more than helpful to have a committed ally; it is necessary for your very survival. 
Whether by the threat of terror tunnels and rocket barrages or the looming nuclear aspirations of Iran, now is not the time to turn away from our friend Israel. 
In these challenging times, I am disappointed when I hear disparaging comments coming from our own government directed towards our friends in Israel. I am disappointed when an anonymous senior Obama administration official describes the Prime Minister with words I can’t repeat in this Chamber. 
I am disappointed when National Security Adviser Susan Rice calls the visit of our ally ‘‘destructive.’’ I am disappointed when my colleagues publicly turn their back on our ally and boycott the Prime Minister’s speech. 
To them, I say: ‘‘Let us make it clear 
that we will never turn our backs on our steadfast friends in Israel, whose adherence to the democratic way must be admired by all friends of freedom.’’ These aren’t my words, Madam Speaker. These are the words of John F. Kennedy 56 years ago, and they still ring true today. 
quest to negotiate with Iran. I cannot do that. In these perilous times, we can’t afford silence. Iran’s unhindered quest for a nuclear weapon and support for global terrorism threatens the stability of the Middle East, the security of our allies in the region, and the very existence of Israel. 
Just last week, Iran conducted military drills to sink a replica Nimitz class aircraft carrier. While it made for some great propaganda film, I can’t say it builds my confidence in Iran as negotiating in good faith. These hostile actions shouldn’t be rewarded with further appeasement. 
administration is more willing to negotiate with Iran than with Congress. If this administration was as firm in negotiating with Iran as with veto threats, we might actually stop Iran from getting the bomb. 
region of the world and must stand strong. We are seeing too vividly the threat of radical Islam as its depravity sweeps across the Middle East. There is no more urgent of a time than right now for Congress to unequivocally stand with Israel. 
Binyamin Netanyahu will be in this very Chamber speaking to Congress. The subject matter is timely: the threat of a nuclear Iran. In recent years, I have heard the leaders of Ukraine and South Korea address Congress, and we will soon hear from leaders of Afghanistan and the Vatican as well. 
Ghani of Afghanistan was invited in exactly the same manner as Prime Minister Netanyahu. It is curious as to why we don’t hear the same roar of disapproval. 
tilt the balance of power across the region and across the world, throwing weight to the ill intentioned and the evil terrorist actors. This is a message that bears repeating again and again, whether by me or by the Prime Minister of Israel or by anybody who recognizes the threat. 
As steadfast allies in our commitment to freedom, democracy, and peace, I welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu tomorrow. 
you sense, do you understand, those of you who are listening and watching, do you see that we have legitimate and deeplyheld concerns about the direction that this administration is moving? There are so many questions. Can we trust Iran? 
after example of how they have worked against our interests, how they have been a destructive influence in so many parts of the world. 
We ask the question, as I asked Secretary Kerry last week: Can you give me a single example of them 
partnering with us or any of our allies in any positive way? The answer was no. 
is our only friend and ally in a chaotic part of the world. They recognize and respect human rights, including minority rights, including the rights of women. 
threat. There is a reason they call Israel a onebomb nation. That is all it would take to destroy their entire country. Could we allow ourselves to be put in a position where that might be their reality? Is this in agreement with our own national interest? 
you, North Korea, throughout Asia, the Middle East, Central and South America, even on our borders of Mexico. 
President understands our concerns. I hope he isn’t so determined to add a feather in his legacy cap that would conclude an agreement that endangers our allies or our own national interest. 
on Intelligence. I am reminded almost daily in the briefings that we have that we live in a dangerous and chaotic world. It is unpredictable. It is becoming more so. It is dark and chaotic. 
‘‘last best hope of Earth.’’ That was true when he said it. It is true when I taught my children that. It will still be true when my children teach my grandchildren, but it will only be true if we stand by those principles that allow us to secure our own freedom and to protect the interests of our allies to whom we have made meaningful and important promises. 
asking the President to listen to our concerns and to address them as he moves forward with this critically important issue. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. FOXX) at 9 o’clock and 30 
minutes p.m. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 749, PASSENGER RAIL REFORM AND INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2015, THROUGH MARCH 13, 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–36) on the resolution (H. Res. 134) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 749) to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 6, 2015, through March 13, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of attending a funeral. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker on Friday, February 27, 2015: 
H.R. 33. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, March 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
614. A letter from the Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report, pursuant to Pub. L. 106569; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
ODRM, CCIIO, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Patient Protection 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2013 Performance Report to Congress for the Office of Combination Products, as required by the Medical Device User Fee and Modernization Act of 2002; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Final Report to Congress on the Implementation of Section 3507 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Security Officer, Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s FY 2014 Federal Information Security Management Act Report and Privacy Management Report, as directed by Pub. L. 107347; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘The District of Columbia Board of Elections Election Day Preparation and Administration Can Be Improved’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost and Impact of the Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) Program for Medicare Beneficiaries for Fiscal Year 2011’’; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 280. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–32, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1029. A bill to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–33). Referred to the 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1030. A bill to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible (Rept. 114–34). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 294. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the transfer of veterans to nonDepartment medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently; with an amendment (Rept. 114–35). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 134. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 749) to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 6, 2015, through March 13, 2015 (Rept. 114–36). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 280 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Credit Union Act to provide certain credit unions with the authority to make additional member business loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1189. A bill to clarify rules relating to 
nondiscriminatory employer wellness programs as such programs relate to premium discounts, rebates, or modifications to otherwise applicable cost sharing under group health plans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
SCHOCK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. F RANKS of 
Mrs. R OBY, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. H UNTER, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C ARTER  
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. B UCK, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. R IGELL , 
Ms. S INEMA , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California, Mr. N UNES , Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia, Mr. C ONAWAY , Ms. 
Mr. D ENT, Mr. R OSS, Mr. H OLDING , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. H ARPER, Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
GOSAR , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. S AM 
TIBERI , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. T URNER , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M CKINLEY, Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. K ELLY of 
ROTHFUS , Mr. B ARR, Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. S MITH of 
KLINE, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S MITH 
BENISHEK , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H ARRIS , 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G UTHRIE, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. A MASH , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. H UDSON , 
Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. R USSELL , 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. B ERA, Ms. E STY, Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. P OE 
of Texas, Mr. B RAT, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
Mr. H URD of Texas, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. W EBSTER  
of Florida, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. G OWDY , 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. H ILL, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H URT of 
Mr. P AULSEN , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. R EED, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. R ATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 1190. A bill to repeal the provisions of 
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by 
the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1191. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
of New York, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. N EAL, Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Ms. G RANGER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. L ONG, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. B URGESS): 
Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with prediabetes, diabetes, 
and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
JONES , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
NORCROSS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S COTT 
of Virginia, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , 
in the amount of the per diem allowance to which members of the uniformed services or civilian employees of the Department of Defense are entitled based on the duration of temporary duty assignments or official travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1194. A bill to strengthen families’ engagement in the education of their children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1196. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify rules relating to health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the 
and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1197. A bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
JOYCE , Mr. K EATING , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
Mexico, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida): 
H.R. 1198. A bill to extend the right of appeal to the Merit Systems Protection Board to certain employees of the United States Postal Service; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. C RAWFORD , and Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 1199. A bill to prevent undue disruption of interstate commerce by limiting civil actions brought against persons whose only role with regard to a product in the stream of commerce is as a lawful seller of the product; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1200. A bill to provide for health care 
for every American and to control the cost and enhance the quality of the health care system; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Oversight and Government Reform, Armed Services, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1201. A bill to combat human trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1202. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the recognition of attending physician assistants as attending physicians to serve hospice patients, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
PETERSON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia): 
Water Pollution Control Act to clarify that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency does not have the authority to disapprove a permit after it has been issued by the Secretary of the Army under section 404 of such Act; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1204. A bill to extend to the Mayor of 
the District of Columbia the same authority over the National Guard of the District of Columbia as the Governors of the several 
States exercise over the National Guard of those States with respect to administration of the National Guard and its use to respond to natural disasters and other civil disturbances, while ensuring that the President retains control of the National Guard of the District of Columbia to respond to homeland defense emergencies; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (for himself, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , and Mr. 
H.R. 1205. A bill to end membership of the 
United States in the United Nations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 1206. A bill to prohibit the hiring of 
additional Internal Revenue Service employees until the Secretary of the Treasury certifies that no employee of the Internal Revenue Service has a seriously delinquent tax debt; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to require the Secretary of Commerce to develop a plan to conduct stock assessments for all stocks of fish for which a fishery management plan is in effect under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B UCK, Mr. P ALAZZO , 
H. Res. 133. A resolution relating to consideration of the bill (H.R. 240) appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Rules. 
H. Res. 135. A resolution encouraging people in the United States to recognize March 2, 2015, as Read Across America Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H. Res. 136. A resolution recognizing Linemen, the profession of Linemen, and the contributions of these brave men and women to protect public safety, and expressing support of designation of April 18, 2015, as National Lineman Appreciation Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the Legislature of the State of Florida, relative to House Memorial 281, urging the President of the United States to issue final approval for construction and completion of the Keystone XL pipeline project; jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1188. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
H.R. 1189. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 1190. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
with the powers that are reserved to the States and to the people as expressed in Amendment X to the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1191. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
H.R. 1192. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1193. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1194. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18; and including, but not solely limited to the 14th Amendment. 
H.R. 1195. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 1196. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
states ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ In addition, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section VIII, Clause 3 which states ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1197. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1198. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 and Clause 18 
H.R. 1199. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3, 9, and 18 of 
H.R. 1200. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1201. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1202. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 1203. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 1204. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1205. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of the Constitution: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 1206. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1207. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
HULTGREN , Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. W ILSON of 
H.R. 304: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 353: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . 
H.R. 358: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. H IMES, and 
New York, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 394: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 509: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 578: Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Mr. K LINE, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. 
BOST, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 602: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S MITH 
of New Jersey, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. J OHNSON  
H.R. 776: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
H.R. 793: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT 
H.R. 802: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 824: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. 
H.R. 825: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. Y ODER , and 
H.R. 846: Ms. D ELAURO , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 863: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, 
Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 868: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . H.R. 913: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
H.R. 928: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. A SHFORD , and 
H.R. 985: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 1024: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. F OSTER , Miss R ICEof New York, 
Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1025: Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
H.R. 1031: Mr. S ABLAN and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 1063: Mr. R EED, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. 
H.R. 1078: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
H.R. 1086: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 1091: Mr. D IAZBALART , Ms. R OS 
H.R. 1094: Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and 
H.R. 1147: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. W EBER  
DESJARLAIS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. C LAY, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. S MITH 
of New Mexico, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. S MITH 
H. Res. 28: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
VARGAS , Mr. R USH, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
ROYBAL ALLARD , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. N ORTON, and Mr. T ONKO . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. S IRES, Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H. Res. 120: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1207 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 2, 2015 No. 35 