House floor today to express my thanks to Senator RAND PAUL for his 
11hour filibuster of the PATRIOT Act reauthorization on May 31. 
Act, which would have reauthorized the PATRIOT Act, because the NSA spying program allows for the Federal Government to gather bulk private data on lawabiding American citizens, 
courageous statement a couple of weeks ago. He said: ‘‘ISIS exists and grew stronger because the hawks in our party gave arms indiscriminately, and most of those arms were snatched by ISIS. They’’—the hawks in our party— ‘‘created these people.’’ 
Bobby Jindal, criticized my friend Senator PAULby saying he is ‘‘unsuited to 
be Commander in Chief.’’ It is obvious Governor Jindal does not know about the manipulation of intelligence that led us into the Iraq war. 
Lieutenant General Greg Newbold, whom I met with shortly after he wrote the article, stated: ‘‘From 2000 until 2002, I was a Marine Corps Lieutenant General and Director of Operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff. After 9/11, I was a witness and, therefore, a party to the actions that led us to the invasion of Iraq, an unnecessary war. Inside the military family, I made no secret of my view that the zealots’ rationale for war made no sense.’’ 
Later in the article, Lieutenant General Newbold states: ‘‘The distortion of intelligence in the buildup to the war led us to the unnecessary war in Iraq.’’ 
Speaker, is what led us to that war in Iraq. 
justified his brother’s war in Iraq, my friend Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson, who was chief of staff to former Secretary of State Colin Powell, appeared on MSNBC’s ‘‘The Ed Show,’’ where Wilkerson said: ‘‘The intelligence was fixed, and everyone should know that by now. It was a failure of the intelligence agencies, but it was also a failure of the political people who manipulated the intelligence failure to their own benefit. It destroyed the balance of power in the Gulf and produced what 
today; al Qaeda in Iraq—never there until we invaded; ISIS—never there until we invaded; the mess we have in Yemen. Everything that’s happening in the Middle East today can be attributed to our having destroyed the balance of power that we had carefully maintained for half a century with the invasion in 2003. It was a disaster.’’ 
Like Colonel Wilkerson said, everyone knows the intelligence was manipulated to trick the American people and the Congress into thinking the Iraq war was necessary. In fact, it was not, and it created the vacuum of power that exists today and that ISIS takes advantage of. 
Also, I would like to say, Mr. Speaker, as I have a poster here of the Air Force removing an American hero from the plane in a flagdraped coffin: because of that unnecessary war in Iraq, we lost over 4,000 Americans; because of that unnecessary war in Iraq, we had over 30,000 wounded. 
first like to thank our men and women in uniform, their families, and the families who gave a child dying for freedom in Afghanistan and Iraq. 
truth. The truth is what can save America. Thank you, Senator PAUL. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, on May 23, 2015, the world lost one of the brightest mathematicians of the 20th century. John Nash, Jr., and his wife, Alicia, were tragically killed in a car accident, and I offer my sincerest condolences to their family. 
West Virginia, on June 13, 1928. At a young age, he displayed immense intelligence and an affinity for mathematics. Many may know Dr. Nash’s story from the movie, ‘‘A Beautiful Mind,’’ where he was portrayed by actor Russell Crowe, but many are unaware of the groundbreaking impacts he had in the field of mathematics and economics. 
in economics for his work on game theory. Dr. Nash’s work developed the concept of an equilibrium in noncooperative games that has come to be known as the Nash equilibrium. Today, economics students across the world are familiar with Dr. Nash’s contributions to the field of economics, studying the Nash equilibrium and game theory exclusively. 
work will have lasting impacts in business, sports, politics, and is even applicable to nuclear deterrence theories. Dr. Nash’s work in pure mathematics is just as important and revolutionary as his work on game theory. 
he was also an advocate for those suffering from mental health issues. As many who have seen the film know, Dr. Nash suffered from mental illness. He used his struggles as a way to help others with mental health problems, becoming a staunch supporter for awareness and outreach for those with mental health issues. 
Dr. Nash’s advocacy work and brilliance will be missed by so many. This Saturday would have been John Nash’s 87th birthday. Dr. Nash was clearly taken from us too soon, but his work and his advocacy will live on. The best way we can honor his legacy is to continue his fight for treatment, for education, and for dignity for those facing mental health issues and their families. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) for 5 
today I would like to alert my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, and I would like to alert the American people that there is a monstrous piece of legislation that will do great damage to our country and to the welfare of the American people making its way through the Judiciary Committee. 
have a markup this Thursday of what is called the American Innovation Act, H.R. 9. This, in reality, is the antiinnovation act. It is one of the most egregious examples of crony capitalism that I have witnessed in this body as I have been here for the last 26 years. 
problem, which is frivolous lawsuits, and then portends to solve that problem by dramatically restricting the 
right of all Americans to sue in order to address those who have violated their rights in the name of usurping those who have been called patent trolls. A patent troll is someone who has purchased the right for a patent from an inventor and now has that property right himself. In the name of restricting those patent trolls from enforcing the right that they have bought from the inventor, they are dramatically restricting those people, both the inventors and anyone else who owns these intellectual property rights known as patents. 
Early provisions of this bill, and almost every provision of this bill, make it more difficult for the inventor to protect himself against the theft of huge corporations. And there you go; huge, multinational corporations are seeking to destroy America’s patent system. 
They have been fighting it because they want to take the property of American inventors, and they don’t want to pay for it—surprise, surprise. So they passed legislation in the name of stopping frivolous lawsuits that prevent people with legitimate lawsuits from actually obtaining the justice they deserve. This will undercut American innovation. It will destroy the individual inventors. 
now has come out opposed to this because they have found that the result of this bill, by restricting the people’s right to actually defend their own intellectual property rights, will undermine the value—dramatically decrease the value—of patents, which will mean people won’t invest in patents, which means the universities now have less resources. Who will benefit? Large corporations, multinational corporations with no loyalty to the United States will then have the power to take from our inventors their inventions. 
innovation. It is the antiinnovation act. I ask my colleagues to please pay attention to H.R. 9. Don’t let them push this over. Don’t let this crony capitalism being done using a decoy, meaning the patent trolls, get away from the fact that they are actually trying to destroy the system for legitimate inventors. 
As I say, I have been fighting this for 
25 years. We have seen this in many forms. The last time, the decoy was submarine patentors. This time it is patent trolls. 
The fact is that none of this is an excuse to dramatically decrease the ability of our inventors to own what the Constitution gives them: a 15 to 17 year period where they own what they invented; thus, they can make a profit from it. This would have destroyed all of the young inventors that made such a difference in the American way of life. 
not be secure unless the American people have the right to the own their intellectual property, unless the inventors that are the basis of many of our new industries know that they will control their patent and that some big corporation won’t just come along and steal it. 
This goes so far as to limit and to say 
that, for example, one of the provisions in the bill, if an inventor sues a major company that has stolen his or her patent, well, not only now will the inventor be liable for the costs of the litigation, but anybody who has invested in his patent will then be liable for those court costs. Who the heck will ever invest in an inventor when he is up against a megacorporation? No, we should not be permitting the theft of the intellectual property rights of our inventors. 
I would ask my colleagues to pay attention to H.R. 9. I would ask the American people to get ahold of your Congressman and make sure he understands how heinous this bill is that has already, as I say, been opposed by every major university in this country and, of course, every group of inventors in this country. 
title would suggest, why would the inventors be against it? 
in opposing H.R. 9 as it is marked up in the Judiciary Committee this coming Thursday. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I am a big proponent and supporter of free trade. I think the American workforce is so productive. I think that American businesses and our industries are so productive and so innovative that we can compete in the global markets. I am confident that our innovation and that our workforce can compete and we can win, when given an opportunity, again, to compete in global markets. 
At home, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has determined that the State of Louisiana is the top export State in the United States. In fact, one out of every five jobs in our State is tied back to our waterways, and that is because we are home to 5 of the top 15 ports in the United States. 
home. We have a huge petrochemical industry, one of the largest ones in the United States. Large agriculture—in fact, over half the grains from the Midwest from American farms come down through our port system and are then exported around the country, around the world. 
We are home to all six class I rail 
lines, only one of two places in the United States that actually has all six class I rail lines in our State. 
it can be good for our country, good for our businesses, good for our families, if it is fair trade, and that is where my concerns come in, is our ability to compete fairly. 
trade helps level the playing field for American workers’’—‘‘highstandard trade helps level the playing field.’’ The problem is that, when you compare the cost of compliance in the United States with environmental policies, with tax policies, and with labor regulations, it is not a level playing field in the United States. In fact, it is extraordinarily out of balance. 
The National Association of Manufacturers estimates that in 2012 alone, that the American workforce wasted 4.2 billion hours just complying with regulations, 4.2 billion. The Competitive Enterprise Institute estimates that $1.88 trillion in lost economic productivity and higher prices were experienced by the American workforce and by American families across the country, again, $1.88 trillion in 2014. 
that, for every small business in the United States, for each employee that small business has, that they pay over $11,000 a year just complying with Federal regulations. If the total cost of the aggregate cost of Federal regulations were at GDP—were at gross domestic product—it would rank behind Russia’s economy and just ahead of India’s economy. There are extraordinary costs. In fact, it is a backdoor way to tax our families. 
Eightyeight percent of the manufacturers in the United States, according to a survey done by NAM, 88 percent identified Federal regulations as being their top concern in regard to their ability to compete on a level playing field. 
If you take, for example, tax compliance alone, tax policies are going to cost $1.7 trillion over the next 10 years, as proposed by the current administration, $1.7 trillion on top of all of these other extraordinary costs that I have covered to date. 
One of the huge costs that we have in 
the environmental world is the ozone standard. There has been a proposal to change the ozone standard. Some have said that the ozone standard being proposed, Yellowstone National Park couldn’t comply with; yet they want the State of Louisiana, where I represent, to comply with this new ozone standard. 
top petrochemical industries in the United States, that standard is estimated to cost perhaps—it is estimated to be the most expensive Federal regulation in history. It could cost over $2 trillion to comply with the regulation—over $140 billion per year it could cost to comply with the regulation. In 
our home State of Louisiana alone, nearly 34,000 jobs are estimated to be lost on an annual basis. 
environment. I spent years and years of my life, of my career, working to restore the environment, working to restore the ecological function of south Louisiana, of our coastal area, of our fisheries, and of our wetlands. I am a big proponent of the environment. 
that, as we move forward with free trade, under the policies being put forth by this administration, American workers are going to have their hands tied behind their back in the cost of complying with environmental regulation, the cost of complying with the expensive tax regulation in the United States, and the cost of extraordinary labor regulation. 
am a proponent of free trade, but it must be fair trade. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 2 p.m. 
our land, major legislative issues loom with the potential of warmer debate and disagreement. 
House with the graces they need to engage one another as colleagues of the 114th Congress, entrusted by America’s citizens to forge solutions to the major issues facing our time, be they in agriculture, transportation, or areas of national security. 
wisdom and magnanimity that all might work together for a better future for our great Nation. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, recent cyber attacks targeting the personal data of Americans make it clear cyber is a new domain of warfare that threatens personal information, financial security, and the physical safety of our citizens. Last week, millions more were affected when the Office of Personnel Management’s network was compromised. 
This complicated nature of cyber defense means we need a clear standard of measurement for assessing the damage of attacks on our citizens and to affected computer systems and devices. It is for this reason that I have introduced the Cyberattack Standards Study Act today to instruct the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the FBI, and the Secretary of Defense, to define a method of quantifying cyber incidents for the purpose of determining a response. 
reminder that Congress, all government agencies, and private companies and citizens need to work together to better protect our public and private networks now. 
I appreciate the research of legislative director Taylor Andreae and military fellow Major Jacob Barton for their service in providing the ability to establish this legislation. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
again, the Republican leadership in Congress is bringing us to the brink, this time by endangering hundreds of thousands of goodpaying jobs by threatening the ExportImport Bank. 
The ExportImport Bank gives American manufacturers the tools that they need to sell U.S. goods overseas. That is direct and real support for American businesses and real jobs for American workers, and it is all at no cost to the taxpayers. 
could close by June 30 if Congress does not act. It is more of the same of this sort of reckless brinksmanship and irresponsible behavior that we have seen from the Republican leadership in Congress. 
threaten hundreds of thousands of American jobs just to make an ideological point? If you want to make a point, send a letter; don’t threaten the American worker to pursue an extreme ideological agenda. 
end the political games. Let’s get back to the work we were sent here to do and support the ExportImport Bank and our small businesses and the hard working Americans that depend upon that. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor a fellow Hoosier, Dr. Richard Helton, the retiring president of Vincennes University. 
Few have exemplified the university’s timeless motto, ‘‘Learn in order to serve,’’ more clearly than Dr. Helton. Under his dynamic leadership, this 214yearold institution founded by our ninth President, William Henry Harrison, has become a cuttingedge center for career and technical education that offers students tangible, employable skills and an opportunity for lifelong growth. 
has maintained a commitment to public education that has positively impacted the lives of countless students. Our State has benefited greatly from his vision and will forever be indebted for his service. 
today, we have only 11 more legislative days to act in order to reauthorize the 
sense. Sadly, however, the opponents of the Bank are operating out of ideological fervor, not on facts. We should be here dealing with and solving real problems, not endangering American jobs with fantastical ideology. 
Bank is a vital free market economic engine for our manufacturers, for exporters, and job creators. Last year alone, the Bank financed $4 billion worth of exports in my home State of Texas, supporting thousands of hard working Americans. 
Bank expire. Let’s put an end to this nonsense. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I rise to talk about one of my heroic constituents, World War II veteran Sergeant Harrison Doyle. 
of recreating maps as a cartographer based on the remains of destroyed Nazi maps and aerial photography. 
Sergeant Doyle served in three theaters, including the Battle of the Bulge. His contributions were crucial in recreating the topography into maps that were used to win the Battle of the Bulge. 
were able to help him recover lost personnel records. They worked tirelessly to get Sergeant Doyle’s personnel records and medals, including the EuropeanAfricanMiddle East Campaign with Bronze Star attachment to give him the recognition he deserves. 
Doyle. Helping heroes like him and any constituents being stonewalled by a Federal agency makes this job more meaningful. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 3 o’clock and 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2088) to amend the United States Grain Standards Act to improve inspection services performed at export elevators at export port locations, to reauthorize certain authorities of the Secretary of Agriculture under such Act, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
domestic and foreign buyers’’ and inserting ‘‘responsive to the purchase specifications of domestic and foreign buyers’’; 
the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 75) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 75) is further amended— 
the Secretary as provided in section 8 of this Act.’’. 
within the State, including export port locations’’ and inserting ‘‘at export elevators at export port locations within the State, including at export elevators at export port locations’’; and 
such delegation’’ and inserting ‘‘The delegation under this paragraph of authority to conduct official inspection services shall be for a term not to exceed five years, and may be renewed thereafter in accordance with this subsection, except that any such delegation’’; 
State agency requesting the delegation of authority to perform official inspection services on behalf of the Secretary, publish notice of the application in the Federal Register and provide a minimum 30day comment period on the application. 
inspection services were not performed by the delegated State agency, a report containing— 
‘‘(ii) the rationale as to whether or not the 
Secretary will permit the State agency to retain its delegated authority. 
delegation of inspection authority to the agency be canceled by providing written notice to the Secretary at least 90 days in advance of the requested cancellation date. 
the Secretary shall cause official inspections at an export elevator at an export port location— 
‘‘(ii) Within 12 hours after the interruption, if the State agency failed to provide the required advance notice of the interruption. 
the enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall make available to the public, including pursuant to a website maintained by the Secretary, a list of all delegated States and all official agencies authorized to perform official inspections on behalf of the Secretary. This list shall include the name, contact information, and category of authority granted. The Secretary shall update the list at least semiannually.’’. 
boundary lines to carry out inspections in another geographic area if— 
for that geographic area is unable to provide inspection services in a timely manner; 
for that geographic area is unable to provide weighing services in a timely manner; or 
geographic area agrees in writing with the adjacent official agency to waive the current geographic area restriction at the request of the applicant for service.’’. 
respect to export port locations’’ and inserting ‘‘with respect to an export elevator at an export port location’’; and 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79d) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
of the United States Grain Standards Act of 1976)’’; 
of the United States Grain Standards Act of 1976, was performing’’ and inserting ‘‘performs’’. 
Section 19 of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87h) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W ALZ) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may consume, and rise today in support of H.R. 2088, the United States Grain Standards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
United States Grain Standards Act has been the cornerstone of the vibrant grain trade, both domestically and internationally. This law is relied upon not only by exporters and domestic shippers but the entire U.S. agricultural sector. 
The law establishes official marketing standards and procedures for the inspection and weighing of grains and oilseeds, and I would like to underscore the importance this law has played in establishing value and price discovery in the grain and oilseed marketplace. 
Many of the provisions in this current law are set to expire on September 30 of this year. A lapse in authorization would disrupt export weighing and grading services, imposing heavy burdens on farmers, merchants, traders, inspectors and, ultimately, consumers. We should not delay in passing this reauthorization. 
I cannot emphasize enough: it is imperative that these inspections and weighing services are provided in a reliable, uninterrupted, consistent, and costeffective manner. To ensure that we fulfill this obligation, we must provide a safeguard to ensure we avoid disruptions in service like the one that took place last year in Washington State. 
Agriculture currently provides inspection and weighing services for grain intended for export at the Port of Vancouver. USDA’s Federal Grain Inspection Service has delegated this responsibility to the Washington State Department of Agriculture. In the event that the Washington State Department of Agriculture cannot provide services for any reason, then the Federal Government, through FGIS inspectors, are statutorily required to step in and resume inspection and weighing services. 
That is not what happened last summer. Amid an ongoing labor dispute, WSDA discontinued services. In statements issued at the time, WSDA, the Statebased program, acknowledged they withheld inspection services because of their belief that ‘‘the continued provision of inspection services appears to be unhelpful in leading to a foreseeable resolution’’ of the labor dispute. 
obligation, the leadership of the USDA politicized this situation when the agency also declined to fulfill its statutory responsibility to resume inspection and grain and weighing services. Services were eventually restored, but not before significant costs accrued to all parties involved. 
to overseas markets. We are shooting ourselves in the foot when we cannot ship our products to these markets because State and Federal agencies are unable or unwilling to comply with their obligations. The inability to ship our grain because there are no inspectors at a facility does a disservice to our farmers, and it harms our economy. 
have been punitive. In fact, there were some who would have preferred that we do just that. But that is not what we have done and had no interest in doing. We simply want a safeguard mechanism to avoid this situation being repeated. 
of Washington delegation, the Washington State Department of Agriculture, labor unions, the grain trade industry, and USDA. What we developed was a bipartisan consensus on a workable safeguard provision. 
and I appreciate the help and support of Ranking Member PETERSON , Subcommittee Chairman C RAWFORD , and 
as well as Representatives from Washington State, both on and off the committee, for their advice and counsel as we developed this legislation. 
American agriculture, and I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I, too, rise in support of the U.S. Grain Standards Act Reauthorization Act, H.R. 2088. 
I would like to, first of all, thank the 
chairmen of the full committee and of the subcommittee, both of whom provided great leadership, provided the necessary space to get all parties together, and then provided for a final product that meets all of the necessary requirements that you heard the chairman talk about. 
grain producers produce the highest quality grain in the world. It is the inspections of them, the gold standard of assuring that quality, backed by the Federal Government, that allows us to continue this trade. I think no one here wants to see any interruption to that service. No one here wants to see any lowering of the quality that we have. 
in the best tradition of the Agriculture Committee and this House, was a true, bipartisan compromise. It was working to find working solutions that made those things happen, and I would urge my colleagues to support this piece of 
business. This honors those producers of our grain and makes sure that business and capital flow correctly, and it makes sure that there are standards in place to ensure that our buyers of U.S. grain know that they are getting the world’s highest quality product. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ), the subcommittee chairman. 
thank the chairman for his leadership on this and certainly want to thank the ranking member of the full committee as well and my friend, the gentleman from Minnesota, who serves as the ranking member on our subcommittee. 
legislation. As has been noted here, this is about 100 years since this has been signed into law, and the grain trade has thrived over that century. GSA has supported its evolution by providing a backbone of stability relied upon by exporters, shippers, farmers, and, of course, consumers. 
of our constituents relying on the ability of grain and oilseeds to get to market, it is critical that we act to provide stability for the grain trade, like we are doing here today. This legislation accomplishes that 
goal in the following two ways. Many of the provisions in current law are set to expire on September 30 of this year. A lapse in that authorization would disrupt the current grain inspections process; therefore, Congress should not delay in passing its reauthorization. The House is getting its job done well ahead of schedule by considering this bill today, and I hope my colleagues in the Senate will act soon as well. 
stability by ensuring we can avoid disruptions like that which took place last year in Washington State, which was alluded to earlier by the chairman. Last summer, the Washington State Department of Agriculture discontinued its export inspections amid an ongoing labor dispute. Since labor disputes do happen from time to time, this kind of situation was anticipated by our predecessors, which is why current law provides a mechanism for USDA to step in and provide inspection services in the event of a disruption. 
political situation in which the Secretary of Agriculture declined to use his discretionary authority to maintain inspections. While inspection services were eventually restored, it is critical we avoid a repeat of that unfortunate decision. 
Fortunately, the Agriculture Committee arrived at a bipartisan consensus and found a way to avoid any future disruptions to the grain trade by giving the industry more control of its own destiny. 
this vital legislation. I thank the committee for all of its hard work to move this bill forward. 
have no further speakers on my side. I can’t stress enough my thanks for working this out. It was, at times, a somewhat delicate situation, but leadership from my friends on the Republican side, bringing in folks, all engaged parties in this, helped us find a great compromise. 
the Senate to take up this piece of legislation, move it forward, and give certainty to those producers who feed, clothe, and power the world. I urge our colleagues here, let’s just pass this thing and get further work done. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleagues’ comments, both the ranking member as well as the chairman of the subcommittee. We did work in a bipartisan manner. We worked out the differences of the bill, came up with a good work product. It is worthy of the system. 
my colleague from Arkansas did, we are actually getting this done ahead of time. These rules aren’t outofdate yet. And so I would encourage my colleagues in the Senate to follow our example and get it done quickly so we can get this to the President’s desk. I urge support of the bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2051) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1636i) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
the Livestock Mandatory Reporting Act of 1999 (7 U.S.C. 1635 note; Public Law 106–78) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
term ‘negotiated formula purchase’ means a purchase of swine by a packer from a producer under which— 
for which the formula is determined by negotiation on a lotbylot basis; and 
the packer not later than 14 days after the date on which the formula is negotiated and swine are committed to the packer.’’; 
by inserting ‘‘negotiated formula purchase,’’ after ‘‘pork market formula purchase,’’; and 
between and including the lowest net price and the highest net price reported; 
and gilts at each reported price level or, at the option of the Secretary, the number of barrows and gilts within each of a series of reasonable price bands within the range of prices; and 
price of barrows and gilts purchased through negotiated purchases and negotiated formula purchases.’’; and 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall revise section 59.300 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, so that— 
reporting services of the Department of Agriculture related to cattle, swine, and lamb; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W ALZ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 2051, the Mandatory Price Reporting Act of 2015. 
I want to begin by thanking my colleagues on the Agriculture Committee, Ranking Member PETERSON and Congressman R OUZER , for joining me in introducing this legislation. I am especially appreciative of Mr. ROUZER ’s 
work as subcommittee chairman in holding a hearing to foster discussions that led to this important legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2051 is a bill to reauthorize the Livestock Mandatory Reporting Act of 1999. This bill, like the underlying act and each subsequent reauthorization, has been the result of dialogue and consensus between livestock producers and other industry participants. 
to our Nation’s livestock producers, capably represented by their trade associations—the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the National Pork Producers Council, and the American Sheep Industry Association—for their hard work and dedication on this effort. 
mandates, like price reporting, can be onerous, and that not all industry participants may fully embrace this program. 
the preceding 16 years, mandatory reporting has become an essential tool that allows for greater transparency and price discovery within the livestock industry, especially as the industry continues to evolve. 
This reauthorization contains a number of industryspecific modifications proposed by the pork producers and sheep producers. We, likewise, include a provision that responds generally to industry concern regarding USDA’s arbitrary decision to shut this mandatory program down for several days 
during the lapse in appropriations that occurred in 2013, while other mandatory programs were deemed essential. 
cattlemen have opted to support a simple reauthorization without any statutory modifications. I appreciate their hard work and look forward to continuing to work with them on future improvements that they may choose to pursue. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a simple, bipartisan reauthorization that represents consensus among industry participants. I urge Members to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
that what you see is a pattern developing here: smart, bipartisan legislation passed in a timely fashion to make sure this country’s business goes on uninterrupted. 
these programs are important for producers, who rely on access to transparent, accurate, and timely market information. The bill makes an important change to mandatory price reporting by making it an ‘‘essential’’ government program. 
As you also heard, the 2013 government shutdown disrupted price reporting. This designation will ensure that, if we ever find ourselves in that situation again, price reporting will continue on. This is the very least we can do for the hardworking folks who are out there. It gives our producers the certainty that it will be there. It is the right thing to do. Again, it is smart; it is bipartisan; it is timely. And I would urge my colleagues not only to support this, but to make this a habit in much of what we do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ), chairman of the 
thank the chairman for his good and hard work on this important piece of legislation. 
Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee in which the Mandatory Price Reporting Act originated, I too want to thank the stakeholders for their hard work in coming together on the provisions of this bill. 
Mandatory price reporting was developed in response to changing markets, with an increasing number of animals being sold with little information publicly accessible. As these structural changes continued, livestock producers requested that price reporting be made mandatory. 
bring all parties together to strike a balance that promotes fairness, transparency, and stability in the market. No one knows how to make this process work better than those directly involved, and I appreciate the willingness of these stakeholders to work together with the committee to craft this legislation. 
our Senate colleagues to continue the tradition of a healthy dialogue between both Chambers of Congress, producers, and packers on this reauthorization so that we can make sure that the requested modifications are executed as smoothly as possible. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this legislation to my colleagues, and I appreciate their support. 
colleagues across the aisle as well as colleagues on the committee with me, but I also was remiss earlier in not thanking the dedicated staff of the Ag Committee that worked on the grain standards bill and the group that has worked on this one as well. 
blessed to have dedicated professionals on both sides of the aisle and the committee staff who do a great job working together, trying to avoid the kind of partisanship that sometimes permeates this body. 
Again, I rise in support of this mandatory price reporting reauthorization. I will remind my colleagues that this does not expire until September 30 of this year. We are actually ahead of the curve and would commend this process to the House on other important issues like that. I ask my colleagues to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2394) to reauthorize the National Forest Foundation Act, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2394 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the 
gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) each will 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
a simple mission: bring people together to restore and enhance our national forests and grasslands. Through the foundation, we are able to leverage private and Federal dollars to support our Nation’s great forests in a variety of ways. These include: planting trees, preserving wildlife habitat, surveying streams, restoring and maintaining trails, and the list goes on. 
leveraged funds at over a four to one ratio and plans to continue on this success to raise at least $125 million for forest restoration activities. 
Since its charter in 1993, the foundation has been essential in helping to meet the challenges the National Forest System faces. Accomplishments include: over 14,000 miles of trail restored 
or maintained; nearly 4.4 million trees and shrubs planted; more than 500,000 acres of fuel reduction completed or planned; over 120,000 people volunteered more than 1.5 million hours with an estimated value of $34 million; over 46,000 youth employed or engaged; approximately 80,000 acres of invasive weeds treated; over 117,000 acres of wildlife habitat restored or maintained; and more than 3,000 miles of streams surveyed or restored. 
upon itself to educate and engage the American public on the importance of our national forests as well as the natural resources found within them. It is an integral component in keeping our national forests—such as the Allegheny national forest, in my district, and dozens of other national forests around the country—viable and thriving for years to come. 
Foundation works, and this is a commonsense reauthorization. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for his work on this legislation and also for his work and dedication on the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee, which we lead together. 
legislation. The National Forest Foundation Reauthorization Act will allow the publicprivate partnership responsible for the stewardship and management of our national forests and grasslands to continue. 
the National Forest Foundation’s matching funds program. This important program brings nonFederal partners and stakeholders together to keep our forests healthy and less prone to fire. In practice, this has generated more than $4 for our forests for every Federal dollar invested. 
I have seen the benefits of this program in my own district. Since 2010, the New Mexico Wilderness Alliance has received grants from the National Forest Foundation to assist the Forest Service in conducting surveys and data collection on the wilderness areas within the New Mexico national forests. This data has helped the Forest Service combat invasive species and improve forest health in the Cibola, Carson, and Santa Fe National Forests. 
of this type of management and restoration in order to maintain valuable ecosystems and prevent devastating and costly wildfires. 
in the Southwest, has been experiencing severe drought; and, as a result, we have had recordbreaking fires that have burned hundreds of thousands of 
acres and have caused millions of dollars in damage. 
While we have seen some recent improvements, longterm projections indicate that drought conditions will 
across the country. We must ensure that this program, which prevents costly and, oftentimes, irreparable damage to communities, personal property, and wildlife habitat, receives continued support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
leadership and support on this bill and, quite frankly, on everything we do as a part of our Subcommittee on Agriculture. 
speakers on this bill. I urge all Members to join me in support of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2394, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 2289. 
LAMALFA ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 288 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2289. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide endusers with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and endusers manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, with Mr. SIMPSON in the chair. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C ONAWAY ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P ETERSON ) each will control 30 minutes. 
I want to start by thanking Chairman AUSTIN SCOTT and Ranking Member D AVID SCOTT of the Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit Subcommittee. They have done a tremendous job over the past few months working on these issues. They have held three hearings on reauthorization, listening to testimony from end users, financial intermediaries, and even the commissioners themselves. Without their work, we would not have been able to move this bill today. 
Relief Act, does exactly what the name suggests: it provides relief from unnecessary red tape for the businesses that ‘‘make things’’ in our country. 
provide Americans with food, clothing, transportation, electricity, heat, and much, much more. Companies that produce, consume, and transport the commodities that make modern life possible use futures and swaps markets to reduce the uncertainties that their businesses face. Farmers hedge their crops in the spring so that they know what price they will get paid in the fall. Utilities hedge the price of energy so they can charge customers at a steady rate. Manufacturers hedge the cost of steel, energy, and other inputs to lock in prices as they work to fill their orders. 
part in the financial crisis of 2008, and no end user poses a systemic risk to U.S. derivatives markets. Yet, as the Agriculture Committee heard in countless hours of testimony, it is now more difficult and more expensive for farmers, ranchers, processors, manufacturers, merchandisers, and other end users to manage their risks than it was 5 years ago. 
makes targeted reforms to the Commodity Exchange Act that fall into three broad categories: consumer protections, commission reforms, and end user relief. 
and the margin funds they deposit at their FCMs by codifying critical changes made in the wake of the collapse and bankruptcy of both MF Global and Peregrine Financial. 
the operations of the Commission to improve the agency’s deliberative process. In doing so, it also requires the Commission to conduct more robust costbenefit analysis to help get future rulemakings right the first time and to avoid the endless cycle of reproposing and delaying unworkable rules. 
Finally, title III fixes numerous problems faced directly by end users who rely on derivatives markets. From unnecessary recordkeeping burdens, to improperly categorizing physical transactions as swaps, to narrowing the bona fide hedge definition, CFTC rules have discouraged exactly the kind of prudent risk management activities Congress intended to protect with the endusers exemptions in the DoddFrank bill. 
challenges to American businesses and will cost them significant capital to comply with, unless Congress acts to provide the relief. 
Title VII of DoddFrank sought to require that most swaps, one, be executed on an electronic exchange to ensure price transparency; two, be subject to initial and variation margin and central clearing through the lifetime of the transaction, to ensure performance on the obligation for counterparties; and, last, to be reported to a central repository to ensure that regulators have an accurate picture of the entire marketplace at any one point in time. 
core tenet of title VII. It does not change the execution, clearing, margining, and reporting framework set up by the act. In fact, not a single witness who appeared before the House Committee on Agriculture ever asked us to upend these principles. But what they did ask for were fixes to portions of the statute that didn’t work as intended, to provide more flexibility in complying with the rules when they impaired end users’ ability to hedge, and to bring more certainty to the Commission and how it operates. That is exactly what H.R. 2289 provides. 
bill passed by the House with overwhelming bipartisan support last Congress, the Commodity EndUser Relief Act makes narrowly targeted changes to the Commodity Exchange Act. This legislation offers meaningful improvements for market participants without undermining the basic tenets of title VII. I am proud that the committee has again put together a bill that has earned the bipartisan support of our members because it provides the right relief to the right people. 
DEAR MEMBER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES : The undersigned organizations represent a very broad crosssection of U.S. production agriculture and agribusiness. We urge you to cast an affirmative vote on H.R. 2289, the ‘‘Commodity EndUser Relief Act,’’ when it moves to the floor for consideration. 
This legislation contains a number of important provisions for agricultural and agribusiness hedgers who use futures and swaps to manage their business and production risks. Some, but certainly not all, of the bill’s important provisions include: 
Sections 101–103—Codify important customer protections to help prevent another MF Global situation. 
Section 104—Provides a permanent solution to the residual interest problem that would have put more customer funds at risk—and potentially driven farmers, ranchers and small hedgers out of futures markets—by forcing premargining of their hedge accounts. 
a study and issue a rule before reducing the de minimis threshold for swap dealer registration in order to make sure that doing so would not harm market liquidity and end user access to markets. 
Frank that anticipatory hedging is considered bona fide hedging activity. 
this bill that is so important to U.S. farmers, ranchers, hedgers and futures customers. 
Agribusiness Association of Iowa; Agribusiness Council of Indiana/Indiana Grain and Feed Association; American Cotton Shippers Association; American Farm Bureau Federation; American Feed Industry Association; American Soybean Association; Commodity Markets Council; Grain and Feed Association of Illinois; Kansas Grain and Feed Association; Michigan AgriBusiness Association; Michigan Bean Shippers Association; Minnesota Grain and Feed Association; Missouri Agribusiness Association; National Cattlemen’s Beef Association; National Corn Growers Association; National Cotton Council; National Council of Farmer Cooperatives; National Grain and Feed Association; National Pork Producers Council; Nebraska Grain and Feed Association; North American Export Grain Association; North Dakota Grain Dealers Association; Northeast Agribusiness and Feed Alliance; Ohio AgriBusiness Association; Oklahoma Grain and Feed Association; Pacific Northwest Grain and Feed Association; Rocky Mountain Agribusiness Association; Southeast Minnesota Grain and Feed Dealers Association; South Dakota Grain and Feed Association; Tennessee Feed and Grain Association; Texas Grain and Feed Association; USA Rice Federation; Wisconsin Agri Business Association. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), the largest manufacturing association in the United States representing manufacturers in every industrial sector and in all 50 states, supports provisions in the Commodity End User Relief Act (H.R. 2289), to clarify that nonfinancial companies, like manufacturers, that use derivatives to manage business risk will not be subject to onerous and harmful regulatory requirements. 
and mitigate against fluctuations in commodity prices and currency and interest rates. The NAM worked to include provisions in the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (P.L.111–203) to protect manufacturers’ use of overthe counter derivatives. We continue to work to ensure that, as DoddFrank is implemented, endusers do not face undue burdens. Imposing unnecessary regulation on endusers would limit their ability to use these important risk management tools, increasing costs and negatively impacting business investment, U.S. competitiveness and job growth. Provisions included in H.R. 2289 would ensure that nonfinancial endusers trading through a centralized treasury unit (‘‘CTU’’) are covered by the enduser clearing exemption provided by the DoddFrank Act. Without the clarification on CTUs, nonfinancial endusers may be swept into costly clearing requirements meant for financial entities, simply because they use a CTU to manage internal and external trading to mitigate risk within a corporate entity—an industry ‘‘best practice’’. 
NAMsupported provision that requires the CFTC to take an affirmative action before lowering the swap dealer de minimis threshold. Without this provision, the de minimis level of swap dealing automatically drops from the $8 billion to $3 billion in the near future, sweeping some manufacturers into banklike regulatory requirements. 
DoddFrank, implementation of the Act is well underway and deadlines for compliance with various regulations are looming. End users remain extremely concerned about the lack of clarity on the CTU issue and the automatic drop in the de minimis threshold for swap dealing among other issues. Thank you in advance for supporting provisions in H.R. 2289 to ensure that derivatives regulation is focused on needed areas, and not on imposing unnecessary regulatory burdens on manufacturers. 
Ranking Member, House Committee on Agriculture, Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
vote on and reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) oversight of the futures and swaps markets, the National Corn Growers Association (NCGA) and the Natural Gas Supply Association (NGSA) wish to express support for the end user provisions in the CFTC reauthorization bill which will help to ensure that corn and natural gas markets are able to function efficiently. 
provision which will provide relief for end users using physical contracts with volumetric optionality and ensure that nonfinancial, physical energy delivery agreements are not regulated as swaps. 
than 40,000 duespaying corn farmers nationwide. NCGA and its 48 affiliated state organizations work together to create and increase opportunities for their members and their industry. 
use of natural gas within a balanced national energy policy, and promotes the benefits of competitive markets, thus encouraging increased supply and the reliable and efficient delivery of natural gas to U.S. customers. 
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the DoddFrank Act or the Act) to impede what are and have been healthy, competitive, and resilient corn and natural gas markets, NCGA and NGSA played an active role in the shaping of the Act during its passage and have continued this role in ensuring the Act’s successful implementation by the CFTC. 
Act excludes forward contracts and includes options in commodities in the definition of 
‘‘swap.’’ This raises the practical question of how to treat forward contracts containing terms that provide for some form of flexibility in delivered volumes, i.e., ‘‘embedded optionality.’’ 
Flexibility in the terms of physical commodity forward contracts is essential in everyday commerce given the commercial uncertainties that exist in commodity delivery and receipt. One important form of such flexibility involves the volumes to be transacted in a forward contract. This flexibility is necessary because parties cannot always 
accurately predict the required or optimal amounts of physical commodities to meet their business needs and objectives. The CFTC refers to this flexibility as ‘‘volumetric optionality’’ and has formulated rules that suggest that the CFTC will regulate forward contracts with such ‘‘optionality’’ as swaps. 
tool used in the physical commodity industry to ‘‘right size’’ physical delivery. The ability to appropriately size a physical commodity delivery via a contractual tool facilitates market efficiency because it allows commercial market participants to adjust delivery volumes seamlessly in response to changes in supply and demand requirements at the time of delivery. Volumetric optionality is a delivery tool that mitigates the uncertainty inherent in any physical commodity contract, making both parties aware of potential delivery variability embedded within the intent to deliver. Thus, volumetric optionality in a physical forward contract allows commercial uncertainties to be accommodated up front, providing a process for orderly physical delivery and settlement even in the absence of precision in the delivery volume. Importantly, the intent to physically deliver remains despite the variability in final delivery terms. 
final rule further defining the term ‘‘swap,’’ Final Rule, Further Definition of ‘‘Swap,’’ et al., 77 Fed. Reg. 48, 208 (August 13, 2012) (Swap Definition Final Rule or Final Rule). As part of the definition of swap, the Final Rule provides an interpretation that an agreement, contract or transaction with embedded optionality falls within the forward exclusion when seven criteria are met. The seventh criterion or element requires that: 
7. The exercise or nonexercise of the embedded volumetric optionality is based primarily on physical factors, or regulatory requirements, that are outside the control of the parties and are influencing demand for, or supply of, the nonfinancial commodity. 
In the Final Rule, the Commission specifically requested comments on whether this seventh element is necessary, appropriate and sufficiently clear and unambiguous. On October 12, 2012, NCGA and NGSA submitted written comments to the CFTC highlighting the market uncertainty that the new seven criterion test creates in light of very clear statutory language stating that contracts with the intent to physically deliver are physical forward contracts. Specifically, NCGA and NGSA asked the Commission to affirm that the seven criteria identified in the Final Rule are simply illustrative of certain common characteristics in forward contracts with embedded optionality, and thus, a safe harbor instead of requirements for satisfaction of the forward contract exclusion. 
NCGA and NGSA recognize the Commission’s interest in retaining the ability to regulate physical contracts with embedded options as swaps if ‘‘intent to physically deliver’’ is not genuine and simply crafted to evade regulation. However, in this case, the Commission has created so much ambiguity in the applicability of the forwardcontract 
reluctant to use volumetric optionality in their forward contracting. Consequently, the regulatory uncertainty caused by the seven criterion test compromises the viability of a physical commodity market delivery tool that is critical to market efficiency. The forwardcontract exclusion should not be implemented in a way that limits its usefulness to catching bad actors at the expense of physical market efficiency. 
The definition of swap has farreaching effects beyond physical market efficiency. Determining what is and is not a swap impacts the calculation of notional amount and thus, which entities are swap dealers. It also impacts the application of position limits and the appropriate scope of the bona fide hedge 
exemption, clearing requirements, reporting requirements and capital and margin requirements. In short, the definition of swap is the heart and soul of the enduser protections. 
The October 12, 2012 NCGA and NGSA request for clarity regarding the Commission’s expected application of the sevencriterion test remains unanswered. In light of the lingering uncertainty created by the sevencriterion test, clarity regarding the applicability of the forwardcontract exclusion to volumetric options embedded within a physical contract has become essential to commodity producers and consumers. Given the importance of the definition of swap to implementation of so many other DoddFrank Actrelated CFTC regulations, clarity is crucial to the sound implementation the Dodd Frank Act. This regulatory uncertainty has complicated sound implementation of the DoddFrank Act and risks harming commodity market efficiency. The CFTC is contemplating some clarifying language on volumetric optionality which would be welcome news. Regardless of the CFTC’s clarification, however, the implementation uncertainty that has persisted for the last four years illustrates the need for legislative changes. 
The swap definition is fundamental to implementation of the CFTC’s new DoddFrank rules and consequently to the ongoing availability of costeffective risk management tools. However, if the definition is too broad, it can bring in common commercial agreements that have no relationship to the types of transactions that the DoddFrank Act was intended to regulate. Market participants demonstrating the potential to exercise physical delivery or a history of physical delivery must have confidence in the forward contract exclusion from the definition of a swap. 
NCGA and NGSA are committed to working with you to achieve a positive outcome that both protects the integrity of commodity markets and ensures the continued availability of cost effective hedging tools. 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. MICHAEL CONAWAY , 
PETERSON : On behalf of the member companies of the Edison Electric Institute (EEI), I 
want to express our strong support for H.R. 2289, the Commodity EndUser Relief Act. Key provisions in the legislation provide additional certainty and clarify congressional intent on a number of issues of significant importance to EEI members. 
owned utilities, international affiliates and industry associates worldwide. Our members provide electricity for 220 million Americans, directly employ more than a halfmillion workers, and operate in all 50 states. With approximately $90 billion in annual capital expenditures, the electric utility industry is responsible for providing reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean electricity that powers the economy and enhances the 
that participate in the physical commodity market and rely on swaps and futures contracts primarily to hedge and mitigate their commercial risk. The goal of our member companies is to provide their customers with reliable electric service at affordable and stable rates, which has a direct and significant impact on literally every area of the U.S. economy. Since wholesale electricity and natural gas historically have been two of the most volatile commodity groups, our member companies place a strong emphasis on managing the price volatility inherent in these wholesale commodity markets to the benefit of their customers. The derivatives market has proven to be an extremely effective tool in insulating our customers from this risk and price volatility. In sum, our members are the quintessential commercial endusers of swaps. As such, regulations that make effective risk management options more costly for endusers of swaps will likely result in higher and more volatile energy prices for retail, commercial, and industrial customers. H.R. 2289 goes a long way in providing much needed regulatory relief and even greater clarity to the compliance landscape facing EEI and the entire enduser community going forward. 
Thank you for your leadership on these important issues. We look forward to working with you to advance this legislation through the House. 
Gas Association strongly supports the Commodity End User Relief Act, a bill to reauthorize the Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) that would improve Commodity Future Trading Commission (CFTC) operations and provide muchneeded marketplace certainty and regulatory relief for natural gas utilities and the American homes and businesses to which they deliver natural gas. 
founded in 1918, represents more than 200 local energy companies that deliver clean natural gas throughout the United States. There are more than 71 million residential, commercial and industrial natural gas customers in the U.S., of which 94 percent—over 68 million customers—receive their gas from AGA members. AGA is an advocate for natural gas utility companies and their customers and provides a broad range of programs and services for member natural gas pipelines, marketers, gatherers, international natural gas companies and industry associates. Today, natural gas meets more than onefourth of the United States’ energy needs. The Commodity End User Relief Act will 
help the CFTC become a more responsive and wellequipped regulator. Commercial market participants currently lack basic procedural opportunities to hold the CFTC accountable for arbitrary and capricious actions. The lack of good process is selfevident in the haphazard pattern of rulemaking and non rule ‘‘guidance’’ issued by the Commissioners or staff. Just yesterday, the CFTC answered a critical industry question about whether ‘‘swaps’’ (financial derivatives) include nonfinancial natural gas delivery contracts through an ‘‘Interpretation’’ rather than through formal regulation. Even this action is five months late: The CFTC asked for comments on this draft in November 2014 and closed the comment period in December 2014. The goal was to provide timesensitive response to market participants. And yet, it took five months to finalize. 
help fix several problems described above— changes that can neither be made by the CFTC’s evolving leadership nor by revisions to internal rules. 
Courts: The bill would allow the federal appellate courts to directly review CFTC rules, replacing the protracted and expensive trial court process currently in effect as the default rule for judicial review. This change will not increase litigation nor will it disrupt the CFTC. Rather, it will incentivize the CFTC to write better rules and avoid challenge altogether. Also, any inevitable legal challenges will be more swiftly decided by appellate courts, benefitting the regulator and the regulated community. All of the key federal rulemaking agencies are subject to direct appellate review — including the Securities Exchange Commission and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. There is no logical justification to treat the CFTC differently. 
2. Strict Compliance with the Administrative Procedures Act (APA): The CFTC’s administrative process suffers from vague and varying levels of compliance with federal procedural laws. Strict compliance with federal laws requiring due process and notice should not be contingent on how the Commission leadership directs staff, shares information among Commissioners, or chooses between a legal rule, nonbinding guidance, or interpretation for resolving a public concern. This bill would eliminate subjectivity and require strict compliance with the APA and Executive Orders that instruct agencies to ensure public noticeandcomment on rules or guidance that have legallybinding effects. 
to Exempt EndUsers’ Physical Contracts from ‘‘Swaps’’ and ‘‘Options’’ Regulation: The CFTC undertook a tortuous fouryear path of issuing interim final rules, policy guidance, and noaction letters, to arrive yesterday at yet another ‘‘interpretation’’ regarding how much of the physical marketplace will not be regulated as ‘‘swaps’’. In the interim, gas utilities have seen their physical gas counterparties (natural gas suppliers) exit the marketplace. Those that remain, offer less flexible and more costly contracting terms to avoid any confusion generated by CFTC policies that suggest these physical transactions are ‘‘swaps’’. In the past year alone, many AGA members’ counterparties have abstained from providing the physical delivery flexibility that is needed to manage customer demand during hard winters and cold snaps. For AGA’s rateregulated utilities, cost increases for flexible gas supplies are passed directly to consumers. 
Yesterday’s Interpretation does help clarify the morass of regulatory guidance that 
confusion remains as at least two Commissioners disagree about what the CFTC has actually accomplished (see statements from CFTC Chairman Massad and Commissioner Bowen). Natural gas utilities cannot afford to wait any longer for policy clarity because energy consumers are paying the price for the CFTC’s confusion. The Commodity End User Relief Act will definitively clarify that nonfinancial energy delivery agreements, that ensure physical delivery of natural gas to homes and businesses, will not be treated by the CFTC as speculative, financial instruments. The bill will help restore liquidity to the physical energy marketplace, which gas utilities rely on to mitigate commercial risk on behalf of consumers. 
Congress certainly did not intend to provide the CFTC a tremendous regulatory mandate without giving it the necessary guidance and authority to do its job. Furthermore, Congress did not intend for the CEA to constrain liquidity in the physical natural gas marketplace, create business changing impacts on regulated natural gas utilities, or increase the costs of reliable service for natural gas consumers. As such, AGA supports the Commodity End User Relief Act because it provides the CFTC the tools necessary to be a responsive regulator and restores the regulatory confidence that natural gas utilities rely on to procure natural gas supplies at the lowest reasonable cost for the benefit of America’s natural gas consumers. 
Re EndUser Support for Passage of Derivatives EndUser Clarifications in H.R. 2289, the Commodity EndUser Relief Act. 
REPRESENTATIVES : The Coalition for Derivatives EndUsers represents the views of companies that employ derivatives primarily to manage risks associated with their businesses. Hundreds of companies and business associations have been active in the Coalition, seeking strong, effective and fair regulation of derivatives markets that brings transparency and mitigates the risk of another systemic collapse while not unduly 
burdening American businesses and harming job growth. The Coalition supports H.R. 2289, the Commodity EndUser Relief Act, which incorporates vital legislation aimed at protecting derivatives endusers. 
In particular, the Coalition strongly supports the bill’s inclusion of the language of H.R. 1317, the Derivatives EndUser Clarification Act, sponsored by Representatives Moore, Stivers, Fudge and Gibson. H.R. 1317 is a narrowly targeted bill providing much needed clarification that certain swap transactions with centralized treasury units (‘‘CTUs’’) of nonfinancial endusers are exempt from clearing requirements and fixes a language glitch in the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the ‘‘DoddFrank Act’’) that denies some endusers that employ CTUs the clearing exception that Congress passed specifically for them. 
A Coalition survey of chief financial officers and corporate treasurers found that nearly half of the respondents use CTUs to execute overthecounter derivatives. The Coalition is encouraged that the House of Representatives last year passed this CTU language (H.R. 5471/S. 2976) by voice vote, reflecting the fact that CTUs are a best practice among corporate treasurers and their use should be encouraged, not penalized. While the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission has issued noaction relief allowing some endusers to use the clearing exception, the relief does not fix the problematic language in the DoddFrank Act. This language, which also is referenced in regulatory proposals on margin, places corporate boards in the difficult position of approving decisions not to clear trades based on a staff letter indicating that the law will not be enforced against the company. 
It also is important to note that international regulators often look to U.S. rules— but not noaction letters—when developing their regulations. Unless we fix the underlying problem in the DoddFrank Act, our denial of clearing relief to endusers with CTUs may be propagated overseas. 
process surrounding the DoddFrank Act, the Coalition has supported efforts to increase transparency in the derivatives markets and enhance financial stability for the U.S. economy through thoughtful new regulation while avoiding needless costs. We urge you to support the efforts to move this essential clarification in H.R. 2289. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this legislation because it will roll back important financial regulations and interfere with the CFTC’s ability to do its work. I am very concerned that H.R. 2289 will open the door to the types of things that created the financial mess that we are just beginning to get ourselves out of. 
So let me be clear. I don’t have an 
issue with many of the provisions that are relevant to enduser protections. In fact, the DoddFrank bill that I helped write states very clearly that end users were not the problem, and the CFTC has been very receptive to that fact and taken that into consideration as they have adopted rules. 
bill is the new costbenefit analysis. This is, in my opinion, all cost and not a lot of benefit unless you are one of the nine big banks who, as far as I am concerned, have not learned a thing from the financial crisis. This not only adds an unneeded layer of government bureaucracy; it opens the doors to lawsuits from major banks seeking to delay or completely derail CFTC rulemakings. 
trouble that will be caused by section 314, the crossborder section of this bill. 
Chairman Massad has been negotiating extensively and in good faith with our European counterparts to harmonize their rules with ours. I have talked to the Chairman a number of times about this, and he has assured me and it has been independently verified that they are 85 percent of the way to getting a deal in this area. This provision in my opinion will cut the negotiators off at the knees. I am worried that this provision will take us back to where we were and what was happening prior to the financial crash. The big banks at that time that have offices both in London and New York were playing us against each other, 
getting the United States to water down rules by threatening to move their business elsewhere and vice versa, and that was verified on committee trips that we took over to Europe and in discussions with their regulators. 
said, along with the crossborder rule, will cost $45 billion over 5 years, according to the CBO. And again, this is a cost that I believe doesn’t have a whole lot of benefit. 
problems. The bill unravels the transparency provided by DoddFrank, slows down CFTC staff ability to respond to industry concerns, mucks up the Commission’s ability to issue guidance if rules need updating or clarification, and relitigates a disagreement between former commissioners that has no place in this bill. 
This is a bad bill that can’t be fixed. 
It should be defeated by the House. I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 2289. 
from the administration where they have indicated their displeasure with this bill and the fact that they are going to recommend vetoing it. 
to strengthening the Nation’s financial system through the implementation of key reforms to safeguard derivatives markets and ensure a stronger and fairer financial system for investors and consumers. The full benefit to the Nation’s citizens and the economy cannot be realized unless the entities charged with establishing and enforcing the rules of the road have the resources to do so. 
passage of H.R. 2289 because it undermines the efficient functioning of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) by imposing a number of organizational and procedural changes and would undercut efforts taken by the CFTC over the last year to address enduser concerns. H.R. 2289 also offers no solution to address the persistent inadequacy of the agency’s finding. The CFTC is one of only two Federal financial regulators funded through annual discretionary appropriations, and the funding the Congress has provided for it over the past five years has failed to keep pace with the increasing complexity of the Nation’s financial markets. The changes proposed in H.R. 2289 would hinder the ability of the CFTC to operate effectively, thereby threatening the financial security of the middle class by encouraging the same kind of risky, irresponsible behavior that led to the great recession. 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the derivatives markets were largely unregulated. Losses connected to derivatives rippled through that hidden network, playing a central role in the financial crisis. Wall Street Reform resulted in significant expansion of the CFTC’s responsibilities, establishing a framework for standardized overthecounter derivatives to be traded on regulated platforms and centrally cleared, and for data to be reported to repositories to increase transparency and price discovery. The changes proposed in H.R. 2289 would hinder the CFTC’s progress in successfully implementing these critical responsibilities 
management and operation of the agency without providing the more robust and reliable funding that the agency needs. 
events and market participants, the CFTC needs funding commensurate with its evolving oversight framework. The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to authorize fee funding for the CFTC as proposed in the FY 2016 Budget request, a shift that would directly reduce the deficit. User fees were first proposed in the President’s Budget by the Reagan Administration more than 30 years ago and have been supported by every Democratic and Republican Administration since that time. Fee funding would shift CFTC costs from the general taxpayer to the primary beneficiaries of the CFTC’s oversight in a manner that maintains the efficiency, competitiveness, and financial integrity of the Nation’s futures, options, and swaps markets, and supports market access for smaller market participants hedging or mitigating commercial or agricultural risk. 
2289, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
benefit analysis provisions that are in this bill are remarkably similar to the bill last year, which garnered overwhelming support, including support out of the Agriculture Committee itself. Costbenefit analysis is an important tool for any regulatory agency to have at its disposal to be able to use. This agency did not use the costbenefit analysis rule that was in place because it was so weak and toothless that they just basically gave lip service to it, according to their own IG. 
mirrors in most instances President Obama’s executive order from January 2011 that required all nonindependent agencies to conduct costbenefit analysis in a transparent manner to get to better rules in that regard. 
thank my colleague, Chairman C ONAWAY , for allowing me to speak today. 
farmers, manufacturers, and public utilities, face risks that they have no control over on a daily basis. For years now, they have used tools available to manage risks like volatile markets or changing interest rates, such as a farmer who uses futures contracts to establish a guaranteed price to offset the risk of a decrease in crop value before harvest or a grain company using derivatives to hedge commercial risks associated with buying wheat from a farmer. This is part of daytoday operations that allow them to do their jobs and provide products in an affordable and accessible manner. However, the implementation of DoddFrank placed a number of costly burdens on our end users that limit their ability to use these tools. It is important that we do all we can 
to erase this unintended and excessive red tape. One measure included in this bill today will do just that, which is my Public Power Risk Management Act, which passed with the full support of the House last year. Again, it is included in the bill today. 
utilities across the United States, including one in my district in the city of Redding, that have used swaps to manage their risk for years. However, DoddFrank put them at a major disadvantage to private utilities by limiting their ability to negotiate with swap dealers. 
permanently and ensure the 47 million Americans who rely on public power for electricity will not see their rates increase due to unnecessary regulatory policies. Our farmers, ranchers, and small businesses who pose no systemic risk to our financial system and certainly did not cause the financial crisis should not have to face costly bureaucratic overreach from policies originally intended to protect them in the first place. 
leadership on this bill. Let’s help our agriculture community by passing this commonsense piece of legislation. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT). 
Chairman, as the ranking member of the subcommittee of jurisdiction over this bill, I would like to address the three major areas of contention here. We have put a lot of time, a lot of work in this over the years. 
PETERSON brought up, some of his concerns and share how we are responding to that. I am a sponsor of this bill. We have worked on it. It is a similar bill to what we had before. The first area I want to deal with is cross border, and then I will go to costbenefit analysis, and then end users. 
the people of this Nation to understand is that we operate in a global market, and our United States financial system is best served with deep financial liquidity. But if global regulations are not well harmonized, are not well coordinated, or we have good crossborder access, then these global markets will fragment into separate regulatory jurisdictions and become far less liquid, to the detriment of the United States financial system. 
swaps market is about an $815 trillion piece of the economy, and we must not—and I am sure we will not—put our financial system of the United States at a disadvantage on the world stage. By passing this bill, we will not do that. If we delay it again, we will be putting our financial system at a disadvantage on the stage. 
that has been brought up. The claim that our legislation subverts the 
Now, let me go to the claim that we 
are making it harder to challenge the cross border in 314. We are doing no 
such thing. It is important that if there is a country, if there is anybody in the world that wants to challenge, that wants to have a way of challenging the ruling of the CFTC, it is in our best interest to make sure that they go through a petition process, and the petition process is there to give the CFTC ample time—180 days—to review the challenge and be able to respond appropriately. And after the Commission makes its decision, we request them to report to the Congress. Now, how is that making it harder? As a matter of fact, it is making it easier and more transparent. 
Now, the concern about the bill’s attempts to rein in the CFTC’s capacity to impose certain rules on Wall Street trades, this concern refers to what we refer to as U.S. persons and location tests. At no time, Mr. Chairman, does our bill state that U.S. persons are not subject to U.S. rules. Individuals and transactions are still allowed to be carved in definitions and, thus, subject to the same rules, the same tests, and regulations. And our own Commissioner Bowen, who is a Democrat serving on the CFTC, stated before my subcommittee, ‘‘risk should be about risk and not about location.’’ Tests should be about where the risk is, instead of where someone wrote something on a piece of paper. 
that our bill creates a presumption that each of the eight foreign jurisdictions with the largest swaps markets automatically have swap rules that are considered to be comparable to and as comprehensive as the United States requirements. Yes, they are correct, but that presumption comes only after the CFTC makes sure that those eight foreign markets have comparable rules to us. Here is what it says in section 1: ‘‘The Commission shall determine, by rule or by order, whether the swaps regulatory requirements of foreign jurisdictions are comparable to and as comprehensive as United States requirements.’’ 
I rest my case. But now, Mr. Chairman, I want to 
turn to what is the most important crossborder issue, this business with the European Union. The European Union is discriminating against the United States. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PETERSON. I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
European Union is denying our country status in terms of equivalency of rules. Historically, we have always had that. But what is very interesting is they have already given this standing to jurisdictions that have the same regime as ours. 
Why is that? Something very strange is going on 
in the European Union. They are discriminating against our financial system when they will go ahead and approve other regimes that are equal to ours but not ours. 
Why is this a terrible thing? Because, Mr. Chairman, our clearinghouses can’t do business in Europe if we are not qualified, if we do not have that equivalency. So by taking that equivalency away, they are keeping our clearinghouses and our businesses from being able to be used there because the other market participants will go elsewhere rather than come and do business with us. 
here, so we have got to certainly deal with that. 
Mr. Chairman, I do want to say something about this costbenefit analysis because this is not all truth is being told here. This costbenefit analysis is being put on because it has the way of being able to make us more efficient. 
of litigation; that is a legitimate concern, but here is what we did: we accepted and approved an amendment by Democratic Representative DELBENE 
and some Republicans to make sure that the CFTC’s back door is protected. The amendment clearly states that the court must uphold the decision of the CFTC unless there has been an abuse of discretion. 
In a court of law, abuse is a high 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has again expired. 
is important, Mr. Chairman. I have got my name on this bill. I have put the work and time into this bill. It is important that I give the reasons why I am supporting this bill. 
before, that a court must uphold the decision of the CFTC unless there has been an abuse of discretion. In a court of law, abuse is a high threshold to attain. If a firm wants to challenge the CFTC, they know right off that they better have beyond compelling facts to prove it. 
The CFTC’s abuse of power is a discretion. We are letting anyone know who would dare to pursue litigation against the CFTC that they better think twice. Now, about the funding, Mr. Chairman, perhaps this cost analysis can help us build a case to take to the Appropriations Committee to get more money. The President has appropriately asked for more money for the CFTC. 
been asking for more money, but I do believe that if we put the costbenefit analysis in there—and, again, Mr. Chairman, we have a section in there where this costbenefit analysis would be more succinct if it is done with an economist. Cost benefit is an economic issue, a financial issue; an economist should be doing that, not a lawyer. 
pass this bill, we will be taking a great step forward to be able to put our CFTC on the world stage to be able to negotiate the rules and regulations for the United States of America from a position of strength, not weakness. This is a very delicate time for us, and we are losing respect. 
nations are treating us. Could it be, Mr. Chairman, that we are losing this respect largely because in a way by continuing year after year—this is the third year of not reauthorizing CFTC— by us doing that, we are not respecting ourselves, Mr. Chairman? 
want to say this one thing about the end users. This is a very important piece of this bill. They can’t wait another 3 years. They need this relief right away, and we need to do and be able to get them out of an identification of being a financial institution. 
users are businesses who use a single entity that allows their company to centralize functions such as credit and risk; however, when the banking laws come in on finance, they put them in that category. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has again expired. 
from the Chamber of Commerce and would like to read a couple of paragraphs from that. 
‘‘This bill also takes a practical approach to address one of the most problematic areas of regulatory implementation in the global derivatives market: crossborder harmonization. Many end users operate internationally and are struggling to meet the changing demands of multiple, conflicting, and sometimes duplicative regulatory regimes. H.R. 2289 would require the CFTC to move quickly to make substituted compliance determinations that would significantly reduce needless complexity and uncertainty for U.S. businesses, without reducing market transparency. 
The Chamber also supports provisions in this bill intended to promote transparency and accountability in the CFTC’s rulemaking process, including a requirement to conduct a costbenefit 
analysis for new rules, and the establishment of an Office of the Chief Economist to support such analysis. Cost benefit analysis has been a fundamental tool of effective government for more than three decades, and these requirements would help protect Main Street businesses, investors, and consumers from some of the unintended consequences of regulation.’’ 
Commerce, the world’s largest business federation representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations, and dedicated to promoting, protecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, strongly supports H.R. 2289, the ‘‘Commodity EndUser Relief Act,’’ a bipartisan bill that would reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). This bill also includes a number of important reforms designed to promote smart regulation, enhance accountability at the CFTC, and protect Main Street businesses from onerous and unintended derivatives regulation. 
provisions in H.R. 2289 that would help preserve the ability of commercial end users to manage their financial risks by using derivatives. This bill includes a critical fix that would ensure nonfinancial companies would be protected from burdensome and unnecessary regulations, consistent with Congress’s clear intent under the DoddFrank Act almost five years ago. Nonfinancial companies that use centralized treasury units to manage their enterprisewide risk should not be penalized for adopting this risk reducing structure, and H.R. 2289 acknowledges and would address this issue. 
address one of the most problematic areas of regulatory implementation in the global derivatives market: crossborder harmonization. Many end users operate internationally and are struggling to meet the changing demands of multiple, conflicting, and sometimes duplicative regulatory regimes. H.R. 2289 would require the CFTC to move quickly to make substituted compliance determinations that would significantly reduce needless complexity and uncertainty for U.S. businesses, without reducing market transparency. 
this bill intended to promote transparency and accountability in the CFTC’s rulemaking process, including a requirement to conduct a costbenefit analysis for new rules, and the establishment of an Office of the Chief Economist to support such analysis. Costbenefit analysis has been a fundamental tool of effective government for more than three decades, and these requirements would help protect Main Street businesses, investors, and consumers from some of the unintended consequences of regulation. 
of sensible provisions that would promote principles of good governance, including providing market participants with better Commission oversight regarding ‘‘no action’’ letters issued by the CFTC staff, and a requirement that the CFTC develop internal risk control mechanisms in order to protect sensitive market data. These are common sense measures that would help make the CFTC a more effective and accountable regulator, and the Chamber appreciates their inclusion in this bill. 
The Chamber strongly urges you to support H.R. 2289 and may consider including votes on, or in relation to, this bill in our annual How They Voted scorecard. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). 
The use of derivatives is an important tool that farmers, agribusinesses, and manufacturers in my district use to hedge the risks that come with doing their business. Because of the risk of price movements and commodities, such as corn and soybeans, these end users use derivatives to ensure they and their customers aren’t negatively impacted by sudden changes in prices. 
overseeing these end users, who responsibly use derivatives to hedge. Unfortunately, following the passage of Dodd Frank in 2010, many of these responsible hedgers, including farmers right in my congressional district in central and southwestern Illinois, have been impacted by these new regulations that often treat them as speculators. Mr. Chairman, farmers aren’t speculators. Farmers didn’t cause the global financial crisis, and farmers shouldn’t be treated like they did. 
This bill includes language that I authored to address regulations that could directly increase transportation prices for consumers back home. Additionally, the final bill includes an amendment I offered at committee that removes unnecessary and duplicative regulations created by the CFTC that require certain registered investment companies, such as mutual funds, to be regulated by both the SEC and the CFTC. 
This bill is an important and necessary opportunity for Congress to use the reauthorization process as a means to improve the regulatory environment and the impact it has on responsible market participants, as well as exchanges like the CME Group, which is headquartered in my home State of Illinois. 
committee’s work on this bill. I want to express my appreciation for the work of Chairman CONAWAY and what 
he has done to get us here, as well as Chairman AUSTIN SCOTT and Ranking 
Member D AVID SCOTT of the Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit Subcommittee. 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). 
in opposition to this bill; yet again, this bill deliberately sets out to weaken one of our most important financial regulators, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
challenge, its flawed funding mechanism. It prioritizes Wall Street special interests over the economic security of our Nation’s families. 
This bill is a recipe for another financial disaster like the one that led to the Great Recession and cost nearly 9 million American jobs. 
Americans are tired of casino banking and speculation. They want big banks and oil speculators held accountable. They want to increase the transparency of our markets, prevent market failures, and avoid future bailouts. That is the CFTC’s job. 
This bill takes us in the wrong direction. Instead of helping the CFTC fulfill its mandate in an increasingly complex global financial sector, the bill throws up roadblock after roadblock. 
financial regulators completely reliant upon the general fund. The Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Federal Housing Finance Agency, and a host of others all collect user fees, so should the CFTC. 
The first President to propose userfee funding for the CFTC was Ronald Reagan. Every President since then, Republican or Democrat, has done the same. 
deficit while securing CFTC’s funding for the long term. That is even more important now that the agency’s responsibilities have been expanded in response to the bad behavior that created the financial crisis. 
would have dealt with this problem, but the majority refused to allow it to be heard. 
to the conditions that allowed the Great Recession to happen, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
I would like to remind or at least acknowledge to the committee that CFTC’s funding is up 49 percent since 2010 when the DoddFrank bill was presented, 49 percent increase in funding. 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the former chairman of 
the House Agriculture Committee and the current chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. 
me this time and thank him for his leadership on this important legislation. I rise today to support H.R. 2289, the 
Commodity EndUser Relief Act, a bill to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
mission is to foster a transparent, balanced, and functional marketplace. However, uncertainty and delays in the marketplace mean higher prices for families and small businesses across America. As the committee charged with ensuring the oversight of our commodity markets, it is our duty to ensure that those markets are functioning properly. 
For the last several years, the Agriculture Committee, through the strong leadership of former Chairman FRANK  
educating Congress and the American public about the importance of our commodity markets and the need for a strong reauthorization of the CFTC. 
with the Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit’s Chairman AUSTIN SCOTT on this legislation. 
He and his staff have been leading an open and transparent process that involved all stakeholder groups and took input from across the country. 
its mission, I worked with the committee and the CFTC to craft an amendment which was adopted in committee to address the issue of manufacturers being able to take timely delivery of aluminum for production at a fair price. These manufacturers support a broad set of industries from common drink cans to airplane parts. 
market queues for the delivery of aluminum at warehouses in the United States, licensed overseas, has attracted considerable concern for end users and the consumers of products which many Americans utilize on a daily basis. 
My provision will prevent the unreasonable delay of delivery of such commodities stored in warehouses, which can cost enduser companies increased storage fees, potentially higher prices due to supply and demand implications from improper exchange contract design, and result in uneconomic commodity prices. 
the CFTC to report to Congress regarding the ongoing review of foreign board of trade applications of metal exchanges and the status of its negotiations with foreign regulators regarding aluminum warehousing. 
CFTC in determining foreign boards of trade status for metals exchange applications, and such determination shall be made no later than September 30, 2016. 
In closing, I would like to again applaud Chairman CONAWAY and subcommittee Chairman S COTT for their 
hard work to get this bill to the floor today. This bipartisan bill takes steps to improve consumer protections for 
farmers and ranchers, as well as implementing reforms, to ensure a more balanced regulatory approach that will help our markets thrive. 
who have been claiming that the bill does this and does that, there are a lot of groups that have a different view. 
some groups that disagree with how the impacts of these bills were going to affect the markets, including the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, who are the people who actually have to administer this law. 
And we have a letter from the chairman that has a completely different point of view than Mr. SCOTT has and 
others in terms of how this will impact the situation. According to the chairman, you know, he is opposed to this. He says: ‘‘I believe that many of the provisions in this bill before the committee are either unnecessary or impose requirements on the Commission that would make it harder to fulfill their mission. The bill limits the agency’s ability to respond quickly to both market events and market participants. It will make it more difficult for us to make adjustments to rules and achieve greater global harmonization of swaps rules. With respect to the provisions pertaining to commercial end users’ concerns, the agency has sufficient authority to address the goals outlined in the legislation and in most cases has already done so.’’ 
title II of the bill includes language that would complicate the agency’s longstanding statutory requirements to consider costs and benefits in its rulemaking, imposing additional, unworkable standards and creating confusion that is likely to lead to more lawsuits instead of policy grounded in datadriven analysis. Had this language been in effect, it would have been harder for the agency to positively respond over the past 10 months to market participants’ concerns. Title II also imposes procedural requirements on the agency that, to my knowledge, are not followed by any other independent agency. These changes would make it 
difficult to manage the agency and to ensure accountability and could weaken the Commission for administrations to come.’’ 
about how this bill will actually impact the marketplace and how it will actually work. And if, as was claimed, it wasn’t going to have any effect, I would be here supporting it. 
significant impacts on the way the Commission does its work, and I think it is going to do more harm than good. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to how much time is left on both sides? The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Texas has 13 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota has 15 minutes remaining. 
speaker coming, but she is not here yet, so we could wrap up, I guess. 
close if you are, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
made clear my position. I was hoping that we could work out a bill here that could have support across the board, but I just think that there are areas we have gone into with this bill that are going to cause more harm than good, and I think it is not a good bill. It is not the kind of bill that we need to give the Commission the reauthorization that they need to do their job, so I ask my colleagues to oppose the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I 
those who are being regulated have a difference of opinion with the folks proposing regulations. In this instance, the roles are actually reversed. 
friend of mine, and an individual I look forward to working with. He doesn’t want to change the deal he has got. 
Well, if you look back at all the testimony that has been delivered throughout all of our hearings, most of the folks on the regulated side, the end users, the banks, the brokers, the SEFs, everybody else, they didn’t like what the CFTC was doing to them. So the CFTC was able to power through the objections, and I would like for us to do the same thing, because what we have asked the CFTC to do is rational, straightforward stuff with respect to the changes at the operations of the Committee itself. 
on Agriculture has heard dozens of witnesses testify about the upheaval end users have been facing while trying to use derivatives markets in the wake of the postcrisis financial reforms. While this Congress took affirmative steps in DoddFrank to protect end users from harm, today it is clear there is still work to be done. 
issues and hope that the CFTC will take care of them for us. For one, sometimes they cannot. There are numerous small oversights in the statute that have huge implications for end users that we correct in this legislation. 
from claiming their exemption because they conduct their hedging activity out of an affiliate specifically created to manage risks throughout the entire corporate enterprise. The Commission can’t fix this req. 
to indemnify the CFTC, even though that is a legal concept that does not exist in many foreign legal jurisdictions. The Commission can’t fix it. 
Currently, the CEA defines some utility companies as financial entities, stripping them of their status as end users. The Commission can’t fix that. 
The core principles of SEFs were lifted almost word for word from the core principles for future exchanges, even though SEFs and future exchanges operate completely differently and SEFs cannot perform many of the functions of a futures exchange. The Commission can’t fix this. 
has tried to paper over these problems by issuing staff letters explaining how it would deal with incongruities of the law, but this isn’t good enough. We know the problems, and we should fix them. 
isn’t the statute. There are a number of end users that we have heard testimony about which the CFTC will not fix because the Commission simply disagrees with Congress about how to apply the law. We know these problems, too. 
rule that reduces the transaction threshold, which triggers the requirement to register as a swap dealer from $8 billion to $3 billion, a 60 percent decline, while they are still studying the matter. We require that the CFTC complete the study and have a public vote on the matter before that automatic decrease occurs. 
and significantly narrower method of granting bona fide hedge exemptions, upending longstanding hedging conventions for market participants. This proposal is also dramatically more labor intensive for the Commission to implement than the current process. We should insist that historic hedging practices be protected. 
expanded the recordkeeping requirements, requiring businesses to trade only for themselves and have no fiduciary obligations to customers to retain any record that would lead to a trade. This requirement demands that end users retain emails, texts, phone messages, and other records in which a potential trade or hedge was simply contemplated or discussed. We should clearly spell out that end users need only retain written records for actual transactions. 
hedge their risks in derivative markets are real, and we have an opportunity today to fix some of those problems. Every dollar that a business can save by better managing risks is a dollar available to grow its business, to pay higher wages, to protect investors, or to lower the costs to consumers. 
Over the past week, over 40 organizations representing thousands of American businesses have voiced their support for the important reforms of the Commodity EndUser Relief Act. Businesses from agriculture producers, to 
major manufacturers, to public utilities need every tool available to manage their businesses and reduce the uncertainties they face each and every day. 
Commodity EndUser Relief Act to protect these companies and to ensure that they have the tools they need to compete in a global economy. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2289. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 2289. The bill would obstruct our cop on the Wall Street beat, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, from doing its job. The CFTC is charged with fostering open, transparent, competitive, and financially sound markets, mitigates systemic risk, and protects market participants, consumers, and the public from fraud, manipulation, and abusive practices related to derivatives. In sum, the CFTC protects farmers, manufacturers, municipalities, pension funds and retirees but would be thwarted from doing so if H.R. 2289 is enacted. 
since the Great Depression, Congress passed Wall Street Reform—and gave our derivatives regulator the authority necessary to oversee previously unregulated transactions in which parties agree to exchange—or ‘‘swap’’—the risks of one financial instrument with another. The most notorious of these are creditdefault swaps, made famous by AIG and which fueled the 2008 crisis, bankrupted millions of homeowners and cost taxpayers trillions of dollars. 
Nevertheless, under the guise of reauthorizing the CFTC, Republicans are proposing a bill that undermines its regulatory authority, imposes new procedural requirements on an overburdened and underfunded agency, and ultimately hamstrings the Commission’s ability to protect the American people. 
This bill imposes heavy administrative hurdles and new litigation risks on the CFTC by requiring the agency to conduct a costbenefit analysis slanted towards industry—a tactic that has been pushed in the past by opponents of financial reform to prevent, delay or weaken any rules implementing the Dodd Frank Act. 
The bill also makes it much more difficult for 
the CFTC to regulate and oversee derivatives transactions involving the foreign operations of megabanks like Citigroup, JP Morgan, and Bank of America. Earlier this Congress, Republicans overreached when they tried to pass a provision weakening the Volcker Rule’s ban on banks taking bets with taxpayer dollars. H.R. 2289 is cut from the same cloth—instead allowing these same institutions to avoid U.S. law by setting up shop in a foreign jurisdiction, even though the risk may still be borne by U.S. taxpayers. There is even a provision in this bill that absurdly directs the CFTC to ignore the physical location of a bank’s swap trader when determining whether the derivative was conducted inside the United States for purposes of applying U.S. law. 
And all of this is done without providing one 
red cent to pay for these new burdens. CBO estimates that this bill costs at least $45 million, but the Republicans wouldn’t even let the House consider an amendment to pay for it, offered by Representative DELAURO . The result is that H.R. 2289 will deplete the CFTC’s modest resources currently spent enforcing 
But don’t take my word for it. The Commission’s own Chairman says the bill makes it harder for the CFTC to fulfill its mission and creates ‘‘unintended loopholes and uncertainties.’’ The White House says the bill ‘‘[threatens] the financial security of the middle class.’’ And public interest groups, such as the Consumer Federation of America, and some industry groups, have weighed in as well, voicing their strong opposition to the bill. 
While not necessarily surprising, Republicans on the Agricultural Committee refused to work with Ranking Member PETERSON to 
improve this bill—despite his deep commitment to making the Commission work better for farmers, ranchers and manufacturers. Even though several of the megabanks that directly benefit from H.R. 2289 pled guilty to manipulating our foreign exchange markets, Republicans also rejected my amendment, which sought to ensure that these banks’ admissions of violating our laws have real collateral consequences and are not merely symbolic. 
Ultimately, this legislation is part of an ongoing, multifaceted Republican effort to undercut financial reform laws and regulations that protect consumers, investors and the economy. That’s why it should come as no surprise that Koch Industries, for instance, spent $2.8 million lobbying to ensure the passage of this bill alone. The playbook is wellknown: create huge loopholes and carveouts for special interests, while simultaneously underfunding the cop with the authority to ensure compliance with the law. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, just yesterday, I signed a letter with five other Ranking Members on this side of the aisle in opposition to this poorly conceived Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Reauthorization bill—which is also opposed by the Obama Administration, CFTC Chairman Massad, and a whole host of consumer groups. 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has a very important job: it regulates the futures and options markets in the agricultural sector, including commodityrelated derivatives. While there’s no question that the appropriate use of these financial instruments can help farmers and commercial end users hedge their commercial risk, recent history clearly demonstrates that the unregulated abuse of these kinds of products can distort markets, hurt consumers and put our entire economy at risk. The CFTC’s authority was allowed to expire in 2013, so its reauthorization is long overdue. Having said that, today’s legislation has multiple major defects. I will briefly describe three. 
First, Title II of H.R. 2289 imposes new bureaucratic requirements on an agency whose activities are already governed by the Commodity Exchange Act, the Paperwork Reduction Act, the Congressional Review Act, and the Regulatory Flexibility Act. With all due respect, the bureaucracy does not need more bureaucracy. In this case, it simply needs to do its job policing our financial markets. If enacted into law, Title II of this bill would undermine the CFTC’s ability to do its job and subject the commission to unnecessary and costly litigation risk. 
complex new rulemaking for our international derivatives markets. While I support the goal 
of harmonizing global rules in this area, this provision of the bill interferes with the CFTC’s ongoing negotiations to achieve that objective and instead substitutes and attempts to predetermine the majority’s preferred outcome for those negotiations. In my judgment, the CFTC should be allowed to complete its negotiations unfettered by the dictates of this legislation. 
Budget Office estimates that all of the additional requirements placed on the CFTC by this legislation will require 30 new employees at a cost of $45 million over the next five years—a cost this bill does not even attempt to pay for. Moreover, an amendment to permit the CFTC to collect user fees to close that gap and help pay for the CFTC’s operations was not even afforded the opportunity for an up or down vote on the floor of the House today. 
is an important subject, worthy of a far more thoughtful bill than we are being asked to consider today. I strongly urge a no vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–18. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and the House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: 
requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act to guidance voted on by the Commission. 
metals exchange to register as a foreign board of trade; deadline for action on application. 
that is a futures commission merchant to maintain written policies and procedures regarding the maintenance of— 
described in section 1.23 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, in any customer segregated funds account of the member, as identified in section 1.20 of such title, and in any foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds account of the member, as identified in section 30.7 of such title; and 
transfer or disbursement by any member of the association, that is a futures commission merchant, of the member’s residual interest in customer segregated funds as provided in such section 1.20, in foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds, identified as provided in such section 30.7, and from a cleared swaps customer collateral, identified as provided in such section 22.2.’’. 
U.S.C. 21), as amended by section 101 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
bank, trust company, derivatives clearing organization, or futures commission merchant, holding customer segregated funds under section 1.20 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds under section 30.7 of such title, or cleared swap customer funds under section 22.2 of such title, to report balances in the futures commission merchant’s section 1.20 customer segregated funds, section 30.7 foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds, and section 22.2 cleared swap customer funds, to the registered futures association or another party designated by the registered futures association, in the form, manner, and interval prescribed by the registered futures association; and 
funds, section 30.7 foreign futures and foreign options customer secured amount funds and section 22.2 cleared swaps customer funds in a depository that reports the balances in these accounts of the futures commission merchant held at the depository to the registered futures association or another party designated by the registered futures association in the form, manner, and interval prescribed by the registered futures association.’’. 
U.S.C. 21), as amended by sections 101 and 102 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
adjusted net capital in an amount less than the amount required by regulations established by the Commission or a selfregulatory organization of which the futures commission merchant 
is a member shall immediately notify the Commission and the selfregulatory organization of this occurrence. 
not hold a sufficient amount of funds in segregated accounts for futures customers under section 1.20 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, in foreign futures and foreign options secured amount accounts for foreign futures and foreign options secured amount customers under section 30.7 of such title, or in segregated accounts for cleared swap customers under section 22.2 of such title, as required by regulations established by the Commission or a selfregulatory organization of which the futures commission merchant is a member, shall immediately notify the Commission and the selfregulatory organization of this occurrence. 
the Commission after the end of each fiscal year, a futures commission merchant shall file with the Commission a report from the chief compliance officer of the futures commission merchant containing an assessment of the internal compliance programs of the futures commission merchant.’’. 
the estate of a commodity broker, including the trading or operating accounts of the commodity broker and commodities held in inventory by the commodity broker, shall be included in customer property, subject to any otherwise unavoidable security interest, or otherwise unavoidable contractual offset or netting rights of creditors (including rights set forth in a rule or bylaw of a derivatives clearing organization or a clearing agency) in respect of such property, but only to the extent that the property that is otherwise customer property is insufficient to satisfy the net equity claims of public customers (as such term may be defined by the Commission by rule or regulation) of the commodity broker.’’. 
FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION OF THE COSTS AND BENEFITS OF ITS REGULATIONS AND ORDERS. 
determination of the costs and the benefits, the Commission shall evaluate— 
by various activities within the scope of its jurisdiction; 
regulation or order by all regulated entities, including a methodology for quantifying the costs (recognizing that some costs are difficult to quantify); 
is inconsistent, incompatible, or duplicative of other Federal regulations or orders; 
regulatory approaches, those approaches maximize net benefits (including potential economic and other benefits, distributive impacts, and equity); and 
report directly to the Commission and perform such functions and duties as the Commission may prescribe. 
shall appoint such other economists as may be necessary to assist the Chief Economist in performing such economic analysis, regulatory costbenefit analysis, or research any member of the Commission may request.’’. 
a detailed technology strategy focused on market surveillance and risk detection, market data collection, aggregation, interpretation, standardization, harmonization, normalization, validation, streamlining or other data analytic processes, and internal management and protection of data collected by the Commission, including a detailed accounting of how the funds provided for technology will be used and the priorities that will apply in the use of the funds; and 
order of investigation shall not be for an indefinite duration and may be renewed only by Commission action. 
RULES TO GUIDANCE VOTED ON BY THE COMMIS SION.—The notice and comment requirements of 
section 553 of title 5, United States Code, shall also apply with respect to any Commission statement or guidance, including interpretive rules, general statements of policy, or rules of Commission organization, procedure, or practice, that has the effect of implementing, interpreting or prescribing law or policy and that is voted on by the Commission.’’. 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the Commission promulgated under this Act may obtain review of the rule in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the United States Court of Appeals for the circuit where the party resides or has the principal place of business, by filing in the court, within 60 days after publication in the Federal Register of the entry of the rule, a written petition requesting that the rule be set aside. 
has jurisdiction, which becomes exclusive on the filing of the record, to affirm and enforce or to set aside the rule in whole or in part. 
rule unless the Commission’s action in promulgating the rule is found to be arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law; contrary to constitutional right, power, privilege, or immunity; in excess of statutory jurisdiction, authority, or limitations, or short of statutory right; or without observance of procedure required by law.’’. 
United States shall conduct a study of the resources of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission that— 
risk reduction services in the swaps market, the notional amount of risk reduction transactions provided by the services, and the effects the services have on financial stability, including— 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit 
to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of 
U.S.C. 12) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Commission may not be compelled to disclose any proprietary information provided to the Commission, except that nothing in this subsection— 
court order in connection with an administrative or judicial proceeding brought under this Act, in any receivership proceeding involving a receiver appointed in a judicial proceeding brought under this Act, or in any bankruptcy proceeding in which the Commission has intervened or in which the Commission has the right to appear and be heard under title 11 of the United States Code. 
information of a commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator includes sensitive, non public information regarding— 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall submit to the Congress a written report on— 
September 30, 2016, the Commission shall take action on any such application submitted to the Commission on or before August 14, 2012. 
entity stating that the entity shall abide by the confidentiality requirements described in section 8 relating to the information on swap transactions that is provided.’’. 
of this Act, the term ‘utility special entity’ means a special entity, or any instrumentality, department, or corporation of or established by a State or political subdivision of a State, that— 
or operating, an electric or natural gas facility or an electric or natural gas operation; 
‘‘(ii) supplies, or anticipates supplying, natural gas and or electric energy to another utility special entity; 
obligations under Federal, State, or local law or regulation to deliver electric energy or natural gas service to customers; or 
defined in section 3 of the Federal Power Act.’’. 
The term ‘utility operationsrelated swap’ means a swap that— 
‘‘(ii) except as used for fuel for electric energy 
generation, a metal, agricultural commodity, or crude oil or gasoline commodity of any grade; or 
‘‘(iii) any other commodity or category of commodities identified for this purpose in a rule or order adopted by the Commission in consultation with the appropriate Federal and State regulatory commissions; and 
sale of natural gas or electric energy, the supply of natural gas or electric energy to a utility, or the delivery of natural gas or electric energy service to utility customers; 
‘‘(iv) compliance with an energy, energy efficiency, conservation, or renewable energy or environmental statute, regulation, or government order applicable to a utility; or 
‘‘(aa) is a commercial market participant; or ‘‘(bb) enters into swaps, contracts for future 
delivery, and other derivatives on behalf of, or to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of, whether directly or in the aggregate, affiliates that are not so supervised or described.’’. 
term ‘commercial market participant’ means any producer, processor, merchant, or commercial user of an exempt or agricultural commodity, or the products or byproducts of such a commodity.’’. 
markets’ means any market in which the volume and frequency of trading in swaps is at such a level as to allow identification of individual market participants.’’. 
seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4t the following: 
commodity or security for deferred shipment or delivery, so long as the transaction is intended to be physically settled, including any stand alone or embedded option for which exercise results in a physical delivery obligation;’’. 
and inserting the following: ‘‘and the Securities and Exchange Commission, in consultation with the prudential regulators, shall jointly’’; and 
swap dealers and major swap participants that are banks are permitted to use financial models approved by the prudential regulators or the Securities and Exchange Commission to calculate minimum capital requirements and minimum initial and variation margin requirements, including the use of noncash collateral, the Commission shall, in consultation with the prudential regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission, permit the use of comparable financial models by swap dealers and major swap participants that are not banks.’’. 
and inserting the following: ‘‘and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, in consultation with the prudential regulators, shall jointly’’; and 
securitybased swap dealers and major security based swap participants that are banks are permitted to use financial models approved by the prudential regulators or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to calculate minimum capital requirements and minimum initial and variation margin requirements, including the use of noncash collateral, the Commission shall, in consultation with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, permit the use of comparable financial models by securitybased swap dealers and major securitybased swap participants that are not banks.’’. 
Within 90 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall— 
risks’’ and inserting ‘‘or management of current or anticipated risks’’; and 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall issue a rule that addresses— 
States that require a nonU.S. person to register as a swap dealer or a major swap participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations issued under such Act; 
shall establish criteria for determining that 1 or more categories of the swaps regulatory requirements of a foreign jurisdiction are comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements. The criteria shall include— 
transaction between two nonU.S. persons shall be exempt from United States swaps requirements if the person or transaction is in compliance with the swaps regulatory requirements of a foreign jurisdiction which the Commission has determined to be comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements; and 
U.S. person or a transaction between a U.S. person and a nonU.S. person shall be exempt from United States swaps requirements if the person or transaction is in compliance with the swaps regulatory requirements of a foreign jurisdiction which the Commission has determined to be comparable to and as comprehensive as United States swaps requirements. 
Commission shall not take into account, for the purposes of determining the applicability of United States swaps requirements, the location of personnel that arrange, negotiate, or execute swaps. 
from its swaps regulatory requirements U.S. persons who are in compliance with United States swaps requirements; or 
makes a determination described in this section through an order, the Commission shall articulate the basis for the determination in a written report published in the Federal Register and transmitted to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate within 15 days of the determination. The determination shall not be effective until 15 days after the committees receive the report. 
purposes of the rules issued pursuant to this Act, the following definitions apply: 
other legal person organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States or having its principal place of business in the United States; 
further define to more effectively carry out the purposes of this section; and 
The term ‘‘United States swaps requirements’’ means the provisions relating to swaps contained in the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a et seq.) that were added by title VII of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8301 et seq.) and any rules or regulations prescribed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to such provisions. 
jurisdiction’’ means any national or supranational political entity with common rules governing swaps transactions. 
term ‘‘swaps regulatory requirements’’ means any provisions of law, and any rules or regulations pursuant to the provisions, governing swaps transactions or the counterparties to swaps transactions. 
ORGANIZATIONS FROM DESIGNATION AND REGULATION AS COMMODITY POOL OPERATORS. 
ADVISOR .—Section 4m of such Act (7 U.S.C. 6m) 
made by the Commission under clause (ii) shall, with respect to small banks and savings associations, also apply to their respective bank holding company (as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956), or savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933)), if the total consolidated assets of the holding company are no greater than the asset threshold set by the Commission in determining small bank and savings association eligibility under clause (ii).’’. 
as described in this subsection,’’ after ‘‘Commission by rule or regulation’’; 
monitoring trading in swaps only on its own facility.’’; 
the following: ‘‘A swap execution facility shall be responsible for monitoring trading in swaps only on its own facility.’’; 
through ‘‘compliance with the’’ and insert ‘‘shall monitor the trading activity on its facility for compliance with any’’; 
swap execution facility shall be responsible for monitoring positions only on its own facility.’’; 
period, as calculated on a rolling basis’’ and inserting ‘‘90day period, as calculated on a rolling basis, or conduct an orderly winddown of its operations, whichever is greater’’; and 
the following: ‘‘The individual may also perform other responsibilities for the swap execution facility.’’; 
procedures that are reasonably designed to resolve any conflicts of interest that may arise; 
procedures that reasonably ensure compliance with this Act and the rules and regulations issued under this Act, including rules prescribed by the Commission pursuant to this section; and’’; and 
(III) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘materially’’ before ‘‘accurate’’. 
for any Federal Home Loan Bank (as defined in section 2 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act).’’. 
in section 2 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act).’’. 
does not include a person who serves as an investment adviser to an investment company registered pursuant to section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a subsidiary of such a company, if the investment company or subsidiary invests, reinvests, owns, holds, or trades in commodity interests limited to only financial commodity interests. 
the term ‘financial commodity interest’ means a futures contract, an option on a futures contract, or a swap, involving a commodity that is not an exempt commodity or an agricultural commodity, including any index of financial commodity interests, whether cash settled or involving physical delivery. 
the term ‘commodity’ does not include a security issued by a real estate investment trust, business development company, or issuer of assetbacked securities, including any index of such securities.’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘section 7064’’ and inserting ‘‘section 706’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘any significant price discovery contract traded or executed on an electronic trading facility or’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘or electronic trading facility’’ each place it appears. 
U.S.C. 13a) is amended in the 1st sentence by striking ‘‘as set forth in sections 5 through 5c’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
to the rules of a board of trade that has been designated by the Commission as a contract market in such security futures product; or’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
amended by striking ‘‘or derivatives transaction execution facility’’ each place it appears. 
amended by striking ‘‘and registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘, or derivatives transaction execution facilities’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘and registered derivatives transaction execution facility’’. 
(cc) Section 6 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 8) is 
Section 26 of the Futures Trading Act of 1978 
‘‘(ii) be furnished at such time as the Commission determines by rule, regulation, or order, to be appropriate.’’. 
continue to permit the trading of options on contract markets under such terms and conditions that the Commission from time to time may prescribe.’’. 
(aa) Section 17 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 21) is 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–136. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–136. 
Page 69, strike lines 6 through 9 and insert 
Page 69, line 12, strike ‘‘each place it appears’’. 
Page 69, line 20, strike ‘‘derivative’’ and insert ‘‘derivatives’’. 
Page 69, strike lines 22 through 24 and insert the following: 
and insert ‘‘before ‘exclude’ the first place it appears.’’. 
phrase, insert ‘‘, as amended by sections 101 through 103 of this Act,’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 288, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) and a Member opposed 
amendment corrects the technical errors found by legislative counsel in the 
the reported bill, including section, subsection, and paragraph references, punctuation, and pluralization. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–136. 
It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–136. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–136. 
Page 27, strike line 4 and all that follows 
through page 28, line 2, and insert the following: 
(ii) in subclause (III), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on July 21, 2010. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 288, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple. It really seeks to harmonize the regulatory regime for both the security and commoditybased swaps. I am so pleased to be joined on a bipartisan basis with Representatives RICKCRAWFORD , BILLHUIZENGA , and 
regulation of the swaps market is under the jurisdiction of both the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. As such, legislation that amends the swap regulation must be addressed in both the securities law and the Commodity Exchange Act. 
Chairman HENSARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS , and the Committee on Financial Services, and we have offered the same language to amend the securities law section of a bill. This amendment in committee, Mr. Chairman, was adopted by a voice vote. 
minor change to the Commodity Exchange Act section so that the regulatory regime is the same for both security and commoditybased swaps. 
This section of H.R. 2289 mirrors legislation, H.R. 1847, sponsored by Representative CRAWFORD and has enjoyed 
So why the amendment? Foreign regulators and some industry participants reached out to the SEC seeking to tighten the language to narrow the requirement to share data to clarify that swap data repositories are only required to share data related to the swap trade. 
participants and regulators, so I think it is important to get it right. I applaud the SEC for working with industry to refine the bill, and I want to thank the chairman and ranking members of both the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Agriculture for working with me on this amendment and to the sponsor and cosponsors of this legislation for also working with me for their support on this amendment. 
underlying bill. The costbenefit analysis, I think, will hamper the regulatory ability of the CFTC, but I do urge the adoption of this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. 
claim time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chair, I would 
like to thank the cosponsors of this amendment. I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Wisconsin for introducing the amendment and the cosponsors—Ms. MOORE , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. 
While I may not agree with every position in the DoddFrank law, today, I believe we are working towards its bipartisan goal of giving regulators the tools they need to improve systemic risk mitigation in global financial markets. 
of transparency into the overthe counter derivatives market escalated the financial crisis of 2008. In order to provide market transparency, the DoddFrank law requires posttrade reporting to swap data repositories, or SDRs, so that regulators and market participants have access to realtime market data that will help identify systemic risk in the financial system. 
reaching this goal, but unfortunately, a provision in the law threatens to undermine our progress unless we fix it. 
provision requiring a foreign regulator to indemnify a U.S.based SDR for any expenses arising from litigation relating to a request for market data. Although well intentioned, the effect has been a reluctance of foreign regulators to comply, which threatens to fragment global data on swap markets and making it harder for regulators to see a complete picture of the marketplace. 
Without effective coordination between international regulators and SDRs, monitoring and mitigating global systemic risk is severely limited. H.R. 2289 includes a bipartisan provision that removes the indemnification provisions in DoddFrank. 
This provision received broad bipartisan support when it came to the floor as a standalone last year, passing the House by a vote of 420–2. Additionally, both the CFTC and the SEC support the fix. 
This amendment makes a small technical change to make clear that only swap data can be shared with foreign regulators. It will ensure that regulators will have access to a global set of swap market data, which is essential to maintaining the highest degree of market transparency and systemic risk mitigation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, how much 
balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM). 
the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), and I rise in full support of her 
amendment, but I join Ranking Member PETERSON in his opposition of the 
Commodity Exchange Act is an important endeavor, this legislation rolls back critical DoddFrank reforms and places unnecessary restrictions on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The changes proposed in this underlying bill would stifle the Commission’s capacities to respond to a rapidly changing market and would add unneeded layers of government bureaucracy. 
The underlying bill, H.R. 2289, threatens the financial stability of hard working Americans by encouraging the same type of risky behavior that led to the recession just 7 years ago. 
supporting the Moore amendment. However, I urge my colleagues to use great caution and join me in voting against the underlying bill. 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), the distinguished chairman of 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I don’t oppose the amendment. It does improve the bill. We appreciate that. I am looking forward to supporting the amendment. I would also expect support on the underlying bill itself. 
why this bill is the right answer, bringing the right relief to the right people at the right time and does not do the things that have been spoken of in terms of rolling back DoddFrank. 
Frank, and it improves a bill that I don’t think anybody would argue is perfect, but maybe they do argue that DoddFrank is perfect. I don’t think it is perfect, and it does need these light touches. 
the chairman. I would urge adoption of the amendment, as well as support of the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–136. 
have an amendment made in order by the rule. 
Page 24, line 2, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 24, line 4, strike the period and insert 
United States market participants including major producers and consumers. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 288, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
would like to thank Congressman GOODLATTE and Chairman C ONAWAY for 
My amendment today would encourage the CFTC to keep both U.S. producers and users of aluminum firmly in mind as they proceed in their work. We might take it for granted, but aluminum is part of our everyday life. It is used in everything from food packaging to commercial buildings and homes to automotive and air transportation. 
In my home State of Indiana, aluminum is home to 10,000 industry jobs that account for over $5 billion in economic activity every year. About 1,800 of those workers are employed at an integrated facility in southern Indiana that boasts the largest operating smelter in the United States and is one of eight still in use in the country. 
CFTC provide this body with an update of the status of its consultations with U.S. producers and consumers of aluminum. To better protect the thousands of workers in my district and businesses and consumers across the country, we must ensure the CFTC is operating in a transparent manner where the rules are designed to help fair and open price discovery. 
participates in the physical aluminum market have confidence in the system, and my amendment will ensure the protection of our workers, businesses, and consumers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. The CHAIR. Does any Member claim 
time in opposition? If not, the gentlewoman from Indiana is recognized. 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). 
hard to ensure that this CFTC reauthorization process is transparent for commodity purchasers, users, and the markets that facility these transactions, I was pleased to work with Mrs. WALORSKI on her amendment to 
bring further transparency and openness to the issue of aluminum 
of any application of metal exchange to register as a foreign board of trade should also include the status of consultations with all U.S. market participants, including major producers and consumers. 
I applaud her for offering this targeted amendment to improve the underlying legislation and help everyone in the aluminum market have the best information possible to strengthen aluminum supplies and bring the best cost for consumers, helping to create jobs and grow our economy. 
I support her amendment. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chair, I yield 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I move 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LAMALFA ) having assumed the chair, 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide endusers with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and endusers manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
AMENDMENTS OUT OF SEQUENCE DURING FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2289, COMMODITY ENDUSER RELIEF ACT 
unanimous consent that during further consideration of H.R. 2289, pursuant to House Resolution 288, amendment Nos. 2 and 3 printed in House Report 114–136 may be considered out of sequence. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 288 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2289. 
House on the state of the Union for the 
further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide endusers with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and endusers manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, with Mr. SIMPSON in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of 
the Whole House rose earlier today, amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–136 offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . PLASKETT  
the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–136. 
offer an amendment as the designee of the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). 
of the Congress that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission should take all appropriate actions to encourage applications for positions in the Office of the Chief Economist from members of minority groups, women, disabled persons, and veterans. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 288, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) and a 
The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands. 
amendment is very straightforward. It simply urges the CFTC Office of the Chief Economist to encourage applicants for employment by members of minority groups, women, disabled persons, and veterans. 
every corporation and Federal agency in America should and is willing to strive to meet. Our government is stronger when its workforce reflects the rich diversity of the American people, and this is especially true when it comes to our financial regulatory agencies. 
crash, CFTC and the SEC fell down on the job. Their failures helped set the stage for the crushing recession that followed, an economic downturn that disproportionately impacted communities of color. 
Frank wisely established the Offices of Minority and Women Inclusion to promote diversity at the Nation’s financial regulators and to ensure that the interests of women and minorities would be protected by these agencies. I was pleased when, earlier this 
month, six regulatory bodies came together to announce the creation of joint standards for assessing the diversity practices of the financial institutions they oversee. 
Though long overdue, this is a critical step forward that will help to promote a more inclusive financial industry. While CFTC did not participate in crafting these standards, I hope that by passing this amendment today we can send a clear message that Congress expects the agency to demonstrate a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion moving forward. 
narrowly crafted, but it promotes a far reaching goal, advancing the fundamentally American principles of equal opportunity for all. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I am 
not opposed to the amendment, as I said. The CFTC in fact does have an office of diversity and inclusion and has three people employed there to work at this very important issue. 
I would like to put in the RECORD a 
and each of us plays a role in ensuring that we recognize the benefits of the differences and the diversity that we bring to our environment. 
The protections provided by the Equal Opportunity Act extend to everything we do at the agency, be it recruitment, hiring, appraisal systems, promotions, training and career development programs, or any other actions . . . All persons should be afforded equal employment opportunities at the Commission in an environment in which they can do their best. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . TAKAI  
the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–136. 
Page 15, line 7, strike the period and insert 
Page 15, after line 7, insert the following: ‘‘(iii) include a summary of any plan of action and milestones to address any known information security vulnerability, as identified pursuant to a widely accepted industry 
deadlines for addressing the known information security vulnerability; and 
‘‘(III) an update of any such time line and 
the rationale for any deviation from the time line.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 288, the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI) and a Member opposed 
help to address cyber vulnerabilities for stored government information at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
As the bill is currently written, section 206 would require the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to come up with a 5year plan on technology acquisition. My amendment would add reporting requirements to Congress on plans of actions and milestones for any known information security vulnerability. 
My amendment would include a detailed timeline with specific deadlines for addressing the known threats to make sure we get any threat dealt with and solved in a reasonable amount of time. 
that cybersecurity is a serious threat to our security, where just last week the personal information of over 4 million Federal employees was compromised. This was one of the largest known cyber attacks on Federal networks in our history and only further underscores the necessity of this amendment. 
Networks are being attacked constantly by a variety of different actors and for different reasons. For example, there is evidence that our financial institutions have been targeted, and other actors are out to steal one of the best drivers that we have of our economic growth: intellectual property. 
entire government needs to address. The CFTC will be storing very sensitive information, and they should have a plan to place privacy safeguards on this information when storing government data. 
for technology acquisition, we should also be discussing looking at information security vulnerabilities, a plan to address them, and have reporting requirements along the way. 
and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI). 
amendment in the nature of the substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. S IMPSON , Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide endusers with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and endusers manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 288, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 235) to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
ACCESS TAXES AND MULTIPLE AND DISCRIMINATORY TAXES ON ELECTRONIC COMMERCE. 
Internet Tax Freedom Act (47 U.S.C. 151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘during the period beginning November 1, 2003, and ending October 1, 2015’’. 
made by this section shall apply to taxes imposed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 235, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
law that protects Internet freedom. On October 1, 2015, a temporary moratorium on State taxation of Internet access will expire. 
State and local governments from newly taxing Internet access or placing multiple or discriminatory taxes on Internet commerce. With minor modifications, this ban was extended five times, with enormous bipartisan support. The most recent extension passed in 2014. 
the potential tax burden on consumers will be substantial. The average tax rate on communications services in 2007 was 13.5 percent, more than twice the average rate on all other goods and services. The FCC’s recent reclassification of the Internet as a telecom service emboldens States to apply these telecom taxes to Internet access immediately, should ITFA lapse. 
regressive. Lowincome households pay 10 times as much in communications taxes as highincome households as a share of income. 
The Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act converts the moratorium into a permanent ban—on which consumers, innovators, and investors can permanently rely—by simply striking the 2015 end date. 
tax hike on Americans’ critical services this fall. It also maintains unfettered access to one of the most unique gateways to knowledge and engines of selfimprovement in all of human history. 
the 2007 renewal of the moratorium, the Judiciary Committee heard testimony that more than 75 percent of the remarkable productivity growth that 
increased jobs and income between 1995 and 2007 was due to investment in telecommunications networks technology and the information transported across them. 
Max Levchin’s story. He came to America from the Soviet Union at age 16. He had $300 in his pocket, and he learned English by watching an old TV set he hauled out of a dumpster and repaired. Ten years later, he sold PayPal, a well known Internet payments platform he cofounded, for $1.5 billion. 
It is a liberating technology that is a vast meritocracy. It does not care how you look or where you come from. It offers opportunity to anyone willing to invest time and effort. 
worked assiduously for 16 years to keep Internet access taxfree. Now we must act again, once and for all. 
The Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act has 188 cosponsors. Identical legislation passed last year on suspension by a voice vote. 
Nevertheless, small pockets of resistance remain. They argue that the Internet is no longer a fledgling technology in need of protection. But it is precisely the ubiquity of the Internet that counsels for a permanent extension. It has become an indispensable gateway to scientific, educational, and economic opportunities. 
Levchin from an impoverished immigrant into a billionaire. The case for permanent Internet taxfree access to this gateway technology is stronger today than it ever has been. 
does not address the issue of State taxes on remote sales made over the Internet. It merely prevents Internet access taxes and unfair multiple or discriminatory taxes on ecommerce, whether inside the taxing State or without. 
eager to proceed with legislation that levels the playing field between traditional and online retailers without letting States tax and regulate beyond their borders. Productive discussions continue. 
giving every American unfettered access to the Internet, which is the modern gateway to the American Dream. I urge all of my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
We have often worked, in the Judiciary Committee, as Mr. GOODLATTE has 
so noted, because of the bipartisan leadership, including the offerer of this bill, the gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. E SHOO ), in a bipartisan manner as 
it deals with this new phenomena, and when I say ‘‘new phenomena,’’ continually changing phenomena, the Internet and the entire world of social media and the new technologies that we face today in communications. 
So, I am always eager to find common ground and would have liked to have done so as we worked together on this very important bill, H.R. 235. 
As a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, and as the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, coming from Houston, I rise with great concern on H.R. 235, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
Internet Tax Freedom Act established a temporary moratorium on multiple discriminatory taxation of the Internet, as well as new taxes on Internet access. This moratorium, however, is due to expire on October 1 of this year. 
moratorium on a temporary basis. The bill before us, H.R. 235, will make that moratorium permanent. 
also ends the act’s grandfather protection for States that imposed such taxes prior to the act’s enactment. There lies the crux of the problem: intrusion into individual States’ authority dealing with taxation and providing them with a bridge of revenue. 
reasons. First, Congress, instead of supporting this seriously flawed legislation, should be focusing on meaningful ways to help State and local governments, taxpayers, and local retailers. The House can do that by addressing the remote sales tax issue. 
moratorium on a temporary basis, the House should take up and send to the Senate legislation that would give States the authority to collect sales taxes from remote sellers. Such a proposal would incentivize remote sellers to collect and remit such taxes, as well as require States to simplify several procedures that would benefit retailers. Such legislation would enable States and local governments to collect more than $23 billion in estimated uncollected sales taxes each year. 
the playing field for local retailers who must collect sales taxes when they compete with outofstate businesses that do not collect these taxes. Retail competitors should be able to compete fairly with their Internet counterparts, at least with respect to sales tax policy. 
Now, I do know that a lot of our businesses are taking to the Internet, and I applaud that. But before I came here today I spoke before at least 100plus small businesses. I can tell you that they are worth considering, for many of them are in bricksandmortar, and they are small businesses trying to increase their revenue and trying to employ a number of employees. We should thank them for the energy that they provide to the economy. 
and address the remote sales tax disparity before the end of this Congress. 
impact the immediate revenues for the grandfatherprotected States and all States progressively in the long term. 
this bill will cost certain States several hundred million dollars annually in lost revenues. 
Indeed, the Federation of Tax Administrators has estimated that the bill will cause the grandfatherprotected States to lose at least $500 million in lost revenue. 
For my home State of Texas, enactment of this bill will result in a revenue loss of $358 million, and Texas will not be alone in those losses annually. 
House Judiciary Committee; as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations; and as the representative from Houston, I rise in opposition to H.R. 235, the ‘‘Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act.’’ 
Internet Tax Freedom Act established a temporary moratorium on multiple and discriminatory taxation of the Internet as well as new taxes on Internet access. 
moratorium on a temporary basis. The bill before us, H.R. 235 will make that moratorium permanent. 
also ends the Act’s grandfather protections for states that imposed such taxes prior to the Act’s enactment date. 
this seriously flawed legislation, should be focusing on meaningful ways to help state and local governments, taxpayers, and local retailers. The House can do that by addressing the remote sales tax issue. 
moratorium on a temporary basis, the House should take up and send to the Senate legislation that would give states the authority to collect sales taxes from remote sellers. 
Such a proposal would incentivize remote sellers to collect and remit sales taxes as well as require states to simplify several procedures that would benefit retailers. 
and local governments to collect more than $23 billion in estimated uncollected sales taxes each year. The measure would also help level 
the playing field for local retailers— who must collect sales taxes—when they compete with outof state businesses that do not collect these taxes. 
compete fairly with their Internet counterparts at least with respect to sales tax policy. 
The House should do its part and address the remote sales tax disparity before the end of this Congress. 
the immediate revenues for the grandfather protected states and all states progressively in the long term. 
The Congressional Budget Office, for example, estimates that this bill will cost certain states ‘‘several hundred million dollars annually’’ in lost revenues. 
Indeed, the Federation of Tax Administrators has estimated that the bill will cause the grandfatherprotected states to lose at least $500 million in lost revenue annually. 
this bill will result in a revenue loss of $358 million per year. Texas will not be alone in these losses, annually: Wisconsin will lose about $127 million, Ohio will lose about $65 million, and South Dakota will lose about $13 million. 
governments will have to choose whether they will cut essential government services—such as educating our children, maintaining needed transportation infrastructure, and providing essential public health and safety services—or shift the tax burden onto other taxpayers through increased property, income, and sales taxes. 
Meanwhile, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities has estimated that the permanent moratorium will deny the nongrandfathered states of almost $6.5 billion in potential state and local sales tax revenues each year in perpetuity. 
H.R. 235 will burden taxpayers, while excluding an entire industry from paying their fair share of taxes. 
Finally, this bill ignores the fundamental nature of the Internet. 
made temporary to ensure that Congress, industry, and state and local governments would be able to monitor the issue and make adjustments where necessary to accommodate new technologies and market realities. 
The Act was intended as a temporary measure to assist and nurture the fledgling Internet that—back in 1998—was still in its commercial infancy. Yet, this bill ignores the significantly changed environment of today’s Internet. 
the Internet still is in need of extraordinary protection in the form of exemption from all state taxation. 
But, the Internet of 2015 is drastically different from its 1998 predecessor. And, surely the Internet and its attendant technology will continue to evolve. 
severely limits Congress’s ability to revisit and make any necessary adjustments. 
this time it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), a member of the Judiciary Committee and chairman of the Small Business Committee. 
thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. GOODLATTE , not only 
for yielding me this time but also for his leadership on promoting and pushing for this bill. 
The Internet is an essential component of our economy. It drives innovation, job creation, and has resulted in a higher standard of living for virtually every American. 
The bill before us today provides certainty to Americans by making the current law of the land permanent and protecting access to the Internet against new taxes. 
in this Chamber today. We all agree that the Internet is an essential part of our lives and an incredibly powerful tool for communication, education, and job creation. Let’s not make accessing the Internet more costly and more difficult. 
The Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, H.R. 235, makes the current law of the land permanent and protects access to the Internet from new taxes, and that is why I would urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
everyday lives. Americans use it to run small businesses, to do research, to apply for jobs, to listen to music, to communicate with friends and family, to check the weather and the traffic, and for so many other things. 
that access to the Internet remains taxfree. Unfortunately, this protection expires in October, at which point taxes could go up on every American who wants to get online. 
this policy remains permanent. Now is the time to protect access to the Internet. 
So I want to again thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. GOODLATTE , for his leadership on this 
issue. Let’s make sure that access to the Internet stays taxfree. That is the way it is under the existing law. What we are trying to do is to make that permanent. I would urge my colleagues to do that. 
gives me great pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ), the longstanding 
of H.R. 235, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
commerce, business, education, research, access to the Internet is today 
an integral part of the everyday life of millions of Americans and people around the world. And we take great pride in this because this is an American invention. 
new report which found that broadband affordability continues to be the most frequently identified barrier to adoption. 
access to the Internet, this is not the collection of taxes across State lines. That is another issue. 
in the United States today. Imagine if we, you, your constituents, everyone in the country who uses the Internet has to pay for access to the Internet every time they go to use it, that they would be taxed on that. 
So, the temporary, or the moratorium bill that we have, now this one makes it permanent. This is a bipartisan effort. Over 200 cosponsors in the Congress are on it. 
broadband adoption. If you tax it, you are going to shrink it. And I think in the communities that are of lower economic means, this is going to hurt them even more. 
ensure that Internet access is universally affordable. This bill is an important component of that effort by permanently eliminating the taxation of Internet access. 
The current moratorium, as my colleagues have said, expires October 1, and we want to be ahead of that to keep the door open, but no taxation to access. 
I want to salute the chairman, Chairman GOODLATTE . We are good friends. 
As I said, this bill has nearly 200 bipartisan cosponsors and strong support of the communications, Internet, and ecommerce industries. So I would urge all of my colleagues to support this, and understand that, from the ground up, we want to expand the use of broadband in our country for every community. Whether they are poor, whether they are rural, whether they are in a city, whether they are middle class individuals, we don’t want to weigh the Internet down with taxation of average people in this country. It would really be unfair, and I think it would smother the Internet as we know it. 
have only one speaker remaining. I believe I have the right to close, so if the gentlewoman has additional speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. 
the distinguished gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ), who is the ranking 
member on the Judiciary Committee’s Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee. 
gentlewoman for providing the time, and I want to thank her for her good 
the committee for bringing this bipartisan bill, which is bipartisan. I signed on to this bill, I guess, with Representative ESHOO and maybe Representative 
my belief that the Internet is a necessity, and it is a necessity in minority communities who need that outreach to information, whether it is educational or commercial, to reach out and be a part of the society. Without the Internet, you can’t do that. 
and my State, Tennessee, neither have an income tax, and therefore, our governments rely on taxes that tend to be regressive. I think Tennessee is the most regressive State in the country on its taxes, very high sales tax. 
out for anything they can find to tax to make up for the fact that our State doesn’t have a progressive tax base. 
against regressive taxes at all levels and protect them against taxes that 
might limit their potentiality of getting access to the World Wide Web and information they need. 
So I am proud to be a sponsor of this, 
to work with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), with whom I have 
worked on so many bills together, trying to get the Delta Queen going back down the river and all these other things, and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman 
on the Judiciary Committee. I thank them for their work and hope they will all vote for this in a bipartisan fashion. I hope the Senate will, as they did on the USA FREEDOM Act, follow the lead of the House and show that the House leads. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
First of all, let me again say that in 
the Judiciary Committee, we have consistently worked together on issues dealing with the Internet, continue to work together on issues dealing with innovation, so I would hope as this bill makes its way to the Senate we will find an opportunity to work together again. 
fact that in addition to Texas, Wisconsin will lose about $127 million, Ohio will lose about $65 million, and South Dakota will lose about $13 million. Should this bill become law, State and local governments will have to choose whether they will cut essential government services, such as educating our children, maintaining needed transportation infrastructure, and providing essential public health and safety services, or shift the tax burden onto other taxpayers to increase property income and sales taxes. 
Now let me be very clear: I am not 
States are utilizing. It is the purchase of items that juxtapose against those who have bricks and mortar, and particularly small businesses. 
Policy Priorities has estimated that the permanent moratorium will deny the nongrandfathered States of almost $6.5 billion in potential State and local sales tax revenue—sales tax, not access to the Internet. 
excluding an entire industry from paying their fair share of taxes. I want this industry to grow, and, again, I do not want taxing on access. You can be on the Internet from morning until the early sunrise again, the next day. But for those States who have worked and worked with our committee, trying to find a pathway forward, I would like to see us find a compromise. 
Finally, this bill ignores the fundamental nature of the Internet. The original moratorium was intentionally made temporary to ensure Congress, industry, and State and local governments would be able to monitor the issue and make adjustments where necessary to accommodate new technologies and market realities, such as acts. The act was intended as a temporary measure to assist and nurture the fledgling Internet that back in 1998 was still in its commercial infancy, yet this bill ignores the significantly changed environment of today’s Internet. 
The bill’s supporters continue to believe that the Internet still is in need of extraordinary protection in the form of exemptions from State taxation, but the Internet of 2015 is drastically different from 1998. It is standing on its own two legs. It is not a toddler. It is a fullgrown adult. 
Permanently extending the tax moratorium severely limits Congress’ ability to revisit and make any necessary adjustments, though I hope we will. 
Simply put, the permanent moratorium is unwise, and I urge my colleagues to consider the problems of H.R. 235. H.R. 235, I think, should be addressing these issues dealing with the many who have opposed it. 
National Governors Association recently introduced the following statement: ‘‘The National Governors Association is disappointed that the House Judiciary Committee is moving to make the Internet access tax moratorium permanent.’’ 
WASHINGTON —The National Governors Association today released the following statement regarding the Internet access tax moratorium: 
(NGA) is disappointed that the House Judiciary Committee is moving to make the Internet access tax moratorium permanent. 
‘‘Federal prohibitions on state taxing authority are contrary to federalism and the sovereign authority of states to structure and manage their own fiscal systems. ‘‘NGA encourages the committee instead 
to act to address the disparity between Main Street retailers and online sellers regarding the collection of state and local sales taxes. Leveling the playing field for all retailers is a priority for governors, consistent with federalism and the best opportunity for states, Congress and the business community to work together.’’ 
make note that I came from local government, so I have a letter signed by representatives of the National Association of Counties, National League of Cities, U.S. Conference of Mayors, International City/County Management Association, Government Finance Officers Association, and the National Association of Telecommunications Officers and Advisors. In part, they simply say that they are writing on behalf of local governments: ‘‘We 
urge you to oppose the legislation. . . . The most recent estimates provided by the Congressional Budget Office,’’ they write, ‘‘indicate that, if enacted, H.R. 3086 would cost State and local governments hundreds of millions of dollars in lost revenues.’’ 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COUNTIES, NATIONAL LEAGUE OF CITIES , 
INTERNATIONAL CITY/COUNTY MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATION , G OVERN MENT FINANCE OFFICERS ASSOCIA TION, N ATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
governments across the nation, our organizations write to express our continuing opposition to H.R. 3086, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act. We urge you to oppose the legislation when it is considered on the House floor. 
Congressional Budget Office indicate that, if enacted, H.R. 3086 would cost state and local governments hundreds of millions of dollars in lost revenues. These are revenues that local governments rely upon to fund essential services in their communities, including welltrained firefighters and police officers; schools, parks, community centers and libraries to support youth; retirement security for dedicated career employees; and continued investments to fix aging infrastructure. 
ubiquitous and its use generates scores of billions of dollars in revenue annually, it no longer justifies protection from state and local taxation. When the law was first enacted in 1998, the Internet access and commerce industries were in their infancy and only beginning to be significantly available to households. The intent of the moratorium was to give the thennascent Internet industry time to grow and become established. However, even at that time, Congress recognized that the ban should not be permanent. 
cable service industries transition to broadband, the scope of what the ITFA immunizes from state and local taxation is rapidly expanding. Over time, the ITFA would arbitrarily exempt this fast growing, prosperous sector of the economy from taxation, and unfairly shift the burden of supporting essential local services onto other businesses and residents in a community. For all of these reasons, we urge you to 
vote against the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, H.R. 3086. 
Matthew D. Chase, Executive Director, National Association of Counties; 
Jeffrey L. Esser, Executive Director, Government Finance Officers Association; 
Stephen Traylor, Executive Director, National Association of Telecommunications Officers and Advisors. 
clear: I am here, as many Members are, to extend our hand of friendship for the protection of the Internet and the question of sales on the Internet. I hope we will be able to do that. I ask my colleagues to consider the failings of the present bill and to, in its present form, oppose it. 
this bill would make permanent the Internet Tax Freedom Act and, importantly for Texas, would repeal the existing grandfather clause that has been in place since the original passage of the Act in 1998 that has allowed Texas to impose sales and use taxes on Internet access services at the state and local level. 
The Texas legislature just finished its regular session on June 1, and while it decided to cut property and franchise taxes, it chose to maintain the sales and use tax imposed on these services and anticipates receiving that revenue during the next two year budget cycle. 
and local jurisdictions if the grandfather is not extended is as follows: 
State: $280 million City: 51 Transit: 18 County: 5 
Special districts: 4 Total: $358 million (per year) Please feel free to get in touch with me if 
you need input from the Comptroller’s office on this or any other state/local tax bills that come before the House. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We, the undersigned labor unions, oppose a federal ban on the authority of state and local governments to impose taxes on internet access. We strenuously oppose the ‘‘Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act’’ (H.R. 235), which would ban these internet access taxes permanently. This type of federal tax preemption is typically unwarranted because it restricts state and local government taxing authority unnecessarily, narrows the tax base, and often leads to harmful unintended consequences. In this case, the internet’s huge economic value, its vast and expanding importance to daily life, and the vague statutory definition of ‘‘internet access’’ makes this particular carve out especially troubling and likely to cause fiscal problems. By restricting state 
the ability of state and local governments to raise funds to invest in needed infrastructure, education, health care, job training, and other vital public services. 
than a permanent ban, any ban remains problematic and harmful to state and local government finances. Ideally, the existing temporary ban should be allowed to expire as scheduled on September 30, 2015. As new internetbased technology and related applications increasingly affect our daily lives and rapidly transform our economy, we are extremely wary of a ban that is permanent. Congress should be extremely cautious before supporting a permanent tax exemption for internet access. Moreover, it would set harmful, inappropriate, and costly precedents that could spillover into other sectors of our economy. 
time to grow because it was weak, tiny, or immature. In contrast, today’s internet is an enormously powerful driver of our economy, a central part of our daily lives, and an enormously valuable well developed industry. As the internet continues providing new transformative services to businesses and consumers, its importance to America’s economy grows. Prohibiting these taxes would unfairly exempt this economic sector from contributing to our common well being and communities. In addition, this unneeded and undeserved carve out would unfairly shift its share of taxes to other services, sectors, and stakeholders. There is no reason to exempt internet providers and users from state and local government taxes. 
‘‘Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act’’ (H.R. 235) and any similar ban on state and local government taxes on internet access. 
American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL CIO); American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME); American Federation of Teachers (AFT); Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU); Communications Workers of America (CWA); Department for Professional Employees, AFLCIO (DPE); International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF); International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers (IFPTE); International Union of Police Associations (IUPA); National Education Association (NEA); Service Employees International Union (SEIU); International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace & Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW). 
need is another tax bill at their door come October. If the ban lapses, State telecommunications taxes could take effect, and those rates are already too high. Basic economics teaches that, as price rises, demand falls. 
Austan Goolsbee estimated that a tax that increased the price of Internet access by 1 percent would reduce demand for Internet access by 2.75 percent. This bill ensures that access to the Internet—this unparalleled engine of social mobility—remains taxfree. That is why this bill is so overwhelmingly popular. Nevertheless, I believe it is proper to counter the criticisms of the small pockets of resistance that remain. The opponents’ chief argument is 
that the bill would cost the States $6.5 billion annually. This argument confuses an outofpocket loss with prevention of a gain. States cannot currently tax Internet access, so they will suffer no actual revenue loss. The only outofpocket loss would be to taxpayers in 44 States who will owe an additional $6.5 billion annually should it expire. They will have to pay taxes that they don’t have to pay now. 
would prefer to extend the moratorium temporarily rather than permanently. That is simply inefficient. The moratorium has been periodically renewed by enormous bipartisan margins in both Houses for 16 years. No serious expectations are being upset by codifying what everyone knows is the case: the moratorium is not going away. 
but that only affects six States that have had more than enough time to transition to other sources of revenue, which was the original intent of the grandfather clauses. If those States still need more time, I am open to working with the Senate on a final phaseout. 
creates unequal treatment of similar services. The example given is landline phone service, which is taxable, versus Skype which, under PITFA, is accessible taxfree. But this happens because Skype’s basic service is free; Skype’s paid service is taxable. Indeed, PITFA specifically provides that Internet phone service is taxable. 
More importantly, this neutrality argument conflates a service with the access to it. 
The toll road on the way to the shopping mall is not the same as the sales tax paid at the mall. PITFA is neutral because Skype’s paid service remains taxable, just like landline service. 
service because it is free, but that is the function of Skype’s revenue model, not a different tax treatment of the same service. 
This legislation has enormous bipartisan support precisely because Members on both sides of the aisle already understand the flaws in these objections. I catalog them here merely to complete the record. 
to move forward on in a bipartisan fashion that will help to create jobs and economic growth and foster continued greater access to the unparalleled opportunities that Internet access provides. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
States from any foreign country pursuant to an agreement that provides for the temporary exhibition or display of such work entered into between a foreign state that is the owner or custodian of such work and the United States or one or more cultural or educational institutions within the United States, 
such work was taken in connection with the acts of a covered government during the covered period; 
that was occupied by the military forces of the Government of Germany during the covered period; 
established with the assistance or cooperation of the Government of Germany during the covered period; and 
an ally of the Government of Germany during the covered period; and 
period beginning on January 30, 1933, and ending on May 8, 1945.’’. 
made by this section shall apply to any civil action commenced on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C OHEN ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 889, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thanking the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) for introducing this legislation and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) and the gentleman 
The Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act strengthens the ability of U.S. museums and educational institutions to borrow foreigngovernmentowned artwork and cultural artifacts for temporary exhibition or display in the United States. 
The United States has long recognized the importance of encouraging the cultural exchange of ideas through exhibitions of artworks and other artifacts loaned from other countries. These exchanges expose Americans to other cultures and foster understanding between people of different nationalities, languages, religions, and races. 
cultural exchanges is severely threatened by a disconnect between the Immunity from Seizure Act and the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. 
Loans of artwork and cultural objects depend on foreign lenders having confidence that the items they loan will be returned and that the loan will not open them up to lawsuits in U.S. courts. 
For 40 years, the Immunity from Seizure Act provided foreign government lenders with this confidence. However, rulings in several recent Federal cases have undermined the protection provided by this law. In these decisions, the Federal courts have held that the 
Immunity from Seizure Act does not preempt the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. The effect has been to open foreign governments up to the jurisdiction of U.S. courts simply because they loaned artwork or cultural objects to an American museum or educational institution. 
ability of U.S. institutions to borrow foreigngovernmentowned items. It has also resulted in cultural exchanges being curtailed as foreign governments have become hesitant to permit their cultural property to travel to the United States. 
provides that if the State Department grants immunity to a loan of artwork or cultural objects from the Immunity from Seizure Act, then the loan cannot subject a foreign government to the jurisdiction of U.S. courts under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. 
only applies to one of many grounds for jurisdiction under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, and it requires the State Department to grant the artwork immunity before its provisions apply. Moreover, in order to preserve the claims of the victims of the Nazi government and its allies during World War II, the bill has an exception for claims brought by these victims. 
If we want to encourage foreign governments to continue to lend artwork and other artifacts, we must enact this legislation. Without the protections this bill provides, foreign governments will avoid the risk of lending their cultural items to American museums and educational institutions, and the American public will lose the opportunity to view and appreciate these cultural objects from abroad. 
the House with broad bipartisan support by a vote of 388–4. I, once again, urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 889, the Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act. 
This bill makes a modest but important amendment to the ‘‘expropriation exception’’ of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976. Specifically, it ensures that foreign states are immune from suits for damages concerning the ownership of cultural property when three particularly important ingredients are present: one, that the property is in the United States pursuant to an agreement between the foreign state and the U.S. or a U.S.based cultural or educational institution; two, the President has granted the work at issue immunity from seizure pursuant to the Immunity from Seizure Act; and three, that the President’s grant of immunity from seizure is published in the Federal Register. All three of those conditions must be met. 
available to all claims concerning misappropriated cultural property to which these factual circumstances do 
I would not support this bill if it did 
not contain a sufficient exception for claims arising from artwork stolen by the Nazis, their allies, and their affiliates. 
H.R. 889 has such an exception, ensuring that victims of Nazi art theft continue to have the opportunity to pursue justice in court. This exception is appropriate and important in light of the sheer scale and the particularly concerted efforts of the Nazis to seize artwork and other cultural property from their victims. 
starred in by George Clooney called ‘‘The Monuments Men’’ brought to America’s attention, really, the extreme depth to which the Nazis went to confiscate art, steal art, and try to keep it for their own uses and for the future of what they saw as a Nazi world. 
shown in extreme danger to themselves in great heroic acts to locate and save that artwork for generations to come. In fact, those particular survivors will be given a Congressional Gold Medal for their work. 
Gold,’’ tells the story of Maria Altmann. It surrounds compensation for artwork stolen by the Nazis and has been highlighted recently in the theatres. 
works by Gustav Klimt that the Nazis had taken from her uncle in Austria in the thirties led to an important Supreme Court decision that held that the expropriation exception applied to claims arising prior to the FSIA’s enactment in 1976, which allowed Nazi era victims to file suit for damages in Federal court. 
sponsors worked with the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany to revise the Naziera exception to ensure that it was broad enough to be a meaningful exception. As a result, the conference has stated, for itself and for the American Jewish community, that it will not oppose the bill. 
other exceptions to sovereign immunity remain available to potential plaintiffs with claims concerning the ownership of cultural property. 
nothing to affect the attempts of Chabad to seek enforcement of its 2011 judgment against Russia, both because such judgment would predate the effective date of this bill and because it was not predicated on the loan of any artwork to the U.S., meaning this bill would not have any effect in that case even if it had been in effect in 2011. 
would encourage consideration of adding clarifying language that this bill 
that it provides for just enough immunity to encourage foreign states to lend their cultural property to American museums and universities, accordingly, then, to the American people, young people and older, for temporary exhibits and displays without protecting more than we intend to protect. 
already been granted immunity from seizure by the President, pursuant to the Immunity from Seizure Act, are also immune from suits for damages, which is in keeping with the act’s purpose in encouraging foreign countries to lend their works to American institutions without fear of litigation based on the act of lending these works. 
like art, you think people should see art, and you like your museums, you ought to be for this bill. That is why I thank Representative STEVE CHABOT , 
issue and for allowing me to manage this time and be part of this initiative. 
I would urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who is the chief sponsor of 
like to begin by thanking Chairman GOODLATTE , Ranking Member C ONYERS , 
he and I have found a number of pieces of legislation which we have been able to support together in a bipartisan manner, such as the Delta Queen, which we are still working on. I would like to think that we can look forward to other pieces of legislation down the road to work together on, again in a bipartisan manner. There is a lot better chance you can get things accomplished in this House if you do that. He has reached out, and I certainly appreciate that. 
straightforward legislation that restores American museums the protections of the Immunities from Seizures Act and clarifies the relationship that that act and the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act share. This bill would revise existing law to clarify that the temporary importation of artwork is 
not legally considered commercial activity and assure foreign government lenders that if they are granted immunity from seizures, their loan of artwork and artifacts will not subject them to the jurisdiction of U.S. courts and lawsuits and disputes about that property, so that it is much more likely that they will allow their artifacts and artworks to come here and then be enjoyed by the American public. Furthermore, it is important to note 
that the immunity provided under this bill does not apply to artwork taken in violation of international law, as was already mentioned by both Mr. GOODLATTE and Mr. C OHEN , in particular, to 
those pieces of art seized during World War II by the Nazi government or by the Nazi government’s allies or impact ongoing cases to get the Russians to return a collection of sacred Jewish books and manuscripts claimed by the Chabad movement. 
By enacting the Immunity from Seizure Act, Congress recognized that cultural exchanges produce substantial benefits for the United States, both artistically and diplomatically. Foreign lending has and should continue to aid 
cultural understanding and increase public exposure to archeological artifacts. 
objects owned by foreign governments, the intent of the Immunity from Seizure Act is being frustrated by the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. Some interpretations of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act have exposed foreign governments to the jurisdiction of U.S. courts based solely upon the temporary importation into the U.S. of foreigngovernmentowned artwork. According to the American Association of Museum Directors, this has led, on several occasions, to foreign governments declining to exchange artwork and cultural objects with the United States for temporary exhibits. 
across the U.S., it was found that, over the past 5 years, these museums had 1,000 pieces denied to showcase here in the United States for very questionable reasons. These were works that museum curators reasonably believed would be loaned to their museum for special exhibits. Therefore, in order to continue the exchange of foreigngovernmentowned art and reaffirm our country’s commitment to the promotion of foreign lending to American museums, Congress needs to clarify the relationship between the two acts I already referred to: the Immunity from Seizure Act and the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. That is what this legislation does. 
the law, but it will provide enormous cultural benefits by ensuring that museums, like the Cincinnati Museum Center and the Cincinnati Art Museum and other similar museums throughout the State of Ohio and across the country, may continue to present firstclass exhibits that educate the public on cultural heritage and artwork from all over the globe. Through enactment of this legislation, we can secure foreign lending to American museums and ensure that foreign art lenders are not entangled in unnecessary litigation. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is supported by the Association of Art Museum Directors, which represents 240 museums, including the Smithsonian and several within my district and all across the country. Last Congress, this body showed 
overwhelming support for this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation once again. I also urge our colleagues in the other body to swiftly move similar legislation through their Chamber. Again I thank Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member C ONYERS and Mr. C OHEN for their support. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), the ranking 
member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee. 
me thank Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C HABOT , 
and Mr. C OHEN for their great work on 
this instructive legislation. My appreciation for the Judiciary Committee is how we clarify the law, and in this instance the subcommittee has brought two conflicting legal tenets as relate to statutes and clarified them. So I want to celebrate it because it is directly impacting on the Nation’s museums and educational institutions. Let me cite some in my congressional district. 
Texas Southern University has an African American history museum. It is a beautiful display. This legislation will allow a small entity that could not stand under a lawsuit to be able to secure international gifts which they have received without the burden of litigation. 
Congress, I represented, extensively, Houston’s museum district: the Museum of Foreign Arts, with an outstanding curator, museum director; the Children’s Museum; the Health Museum; and the Museum of Natural Science. All of those have the tendency to receive these international gifts and also be subjected, potentially, because of the conflict to seizure. 
with the Museum of Fine Arts, maybe one of my greatest early opportunities of service, and to help them bring the Russian jewels to Houston, Texas. It was a long, long journey, not because of the distance but because of the conflicting laws and the entanglement of imports and protection of the jewels. I remember being at the dock receiving those jewels after a long wait. Just imagine if there had been this potential of seizure, which there was, but that there was the glaring opportunity there for seizure and it had occurred. What would have happened to this great art exchange and, as well, to what we were doing in Houston? 
I want to support this bill extensively, and it will help all of these institutions across America. 
of H.R. 889, the ‘‘Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act.’’ 
amendment to the ‘‘expropriation exception’’ of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976. Specifically, it ensures that foreign states are immune from suits for damages concerning 
property is in the United States pursuant to an agreement between the foreign state and the U.S. or a U.S.based cultural or educational institution; the President has granted the work at issue immunity from seizure pursuant to the Immunity from Seizure Act; and the President’s grant of immunity from seizure is published in the Federal Register. 
The expropriation exception remains available to all claims concerning misappropriated cultural property to which these factual circumstances do not apply. 
I would not support this bill if it did not contain a sufficient exception for claims arising from artwork stolen by the Nazis, their allies, and their affiliates. 
H.R. 889 has just such an exception, ensuring that victims of Nazi art theft continue to have the opportunity to pursue justice in court. 
sheer scale and the particularly concerted efforts of the Nazis to seize artwork and other cultural property from their victims. 
The particular sensitivity surrounding compensation for artwork stolen by the Nazis has been highlighted in recent months by the motion picture Woman in Gold, which tells the story of Maria Altmann. 
Gustav Klimt that the Nazis had taken from uncle in Austria in the 1930’s led to an important Supreme Court decision that held that the expropriation exception applied to claims arising prior to the FSIA’s enactment in 1976, which allowed Naziera victims to file suit for damages in federal court. 
It is also critical to note that the bill’s sponsors worked with the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany to revise the Naziera exception to ensure that it was broad enough to be a meaningful exception. 
itself and for the American Jewish Committee, that it will not oppose this bill. 
I also note that all of the FSIA’s other exceptions to sovereign immunity remain available to potential plaintiffs with claims concerning the ownership of cultural property. 
In particular, I note that this bill does nothing 
to affect the attempts by Chabad to seek enforcement of its 2011 judgment against Russia, both because such judgment would pre date the effective date of this bill and because it was not predicated on the loan of any artwork to the U.S., meaning that this bill would not effect that case even if it had been in effect in 2011. 
To the extent it may be necessary, I would 
encourage consideration of adding clarifying language that this bill does nothing to affect enforcement of an alreadyentered judgment. 
it provides for just enough immunity to encourage foreign states to lend their cultural property to American museums and universities for temporary exhibits and displays without protecting more than we intend to protect. 
I recognize that some people may instinctively recoil at the idea of any bill that grants any level of immunity to a foreign state when ownership of a work of art or other cultural object is at issue. 
But I would not support a bill that foreclosed 
And, H.R. 889 does not do that. It simply ensures that works that have already been granted immunity from seizure by the President pursuant to the Immunity from 
Seizure Act are also immune from suits for damages, which is in keeping with the Act’s purpose of encouraging foreign countries to lend their works to American institutions without fear of litigation based on the act of lending those works. 
I thank Representative STEVE CHABOT , Judiciary Committee Chairman B OBGOODLATTE , 
and Committee Ranking Member J OHN CONYERS , Jr. for their leadership on this issue and 
have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
further requests for time, but I would like to recognize Lafayette and Washington. The Hermione, the boat that brought Lafayette to Washington, a replica thereof, has just come to Virginia, and there is a recognition of that at Mount Vernon tonight. I think we should recognize their portraits here. They helped this country become free from the shackles of Great Britain and become the great country we are. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 295) supporting local law enforcement agencies in their continued work to serve our communities, and supporting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike. 
Justice issued a report titled, ‘‘Police Officer BodyWorn Cameras’’, which details a number of benefits of bodyworn cameras, including— 
Whereas the University of Cambridge’s Institute of Criminology conducted a 12month study on the use of bodyworn cameras used by law enforcement in the United Kingdom and estimated that the cameras led to a 50 percent reduction in use of force, and in addition, complaints against police fell approximately by 90 percent: Now, therefore, be it 
and officers for their tireless work to protect us and make our communities safer; 
bodyworn cameras by onduty law enforcement officers to improve community relations, increase transparency, and protect both citizens and police; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H. Res. 295, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ) for introducing this resolution and commend them for their work on this important issue. 
job. Our law enforcement officers deserve our gratitude for the work they do on a daily basis to make sure that our streets are safe, the most helpless in our communities are protected, and those who commit crimes are brought to justice. 
used appropriately and that police officers are taking appropriate steps to protect innocent civilians when they make encounters. There is increasing unrest in our urban communities about policing. 
I am also concerned with the repeated targeting of our police and law enforcement personnel. Last week, a terror suspect believed to be plotting to behead a Boston officer was killed in a confrontation with Boston police. Last month, two police officers were killed by criminals hoping to become cop killers. Officers Dean and Tate, responding to a routine traffic stop in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, were gunned down by a group of five men. 
widely known murders last year of Officers Ramos and Liu in New York, who were reportedly targeted by a man looking to kill a police officer. 
It is clear that we must find a better 
way for our police and citizens to interact both in everyday situations and when more difficult circumstances 
held a very informative and productive hearing on policing in the 21st Century, where we looked at many of these issues, including the use of bodyworn cameras by police officers. 
Bodyworn cameras present an opportunity to strengthen police and citizens’ interactions, but there are many issues surrounding the use of body worn cameras that should be addressed by legislators, law enforcement, and the general public before Congress or State legislatures mandate widespread use of this technology. 
resources associated not just with outfitting officers with bodyworn cameras, but with the regulations, training, and compliance associated with their use. We should also be aware of the costs and privacy implications associated with storing the footage of bodyworn cameras. 
victims, including minors, and members of the general public. Would all of these interactions be recorded and stored by law enforcement agencies? For how long? Who would have access to this information? For instance, could it be obtained in a civil suit, a divorce or custody case, or as part of a Freedom of Information Act request? 
If an officer exercises his or her discretion to turn off a camera, it is possible the courts would impose an adverse inference against the government if a defendant then argued that something improper happened while the camera was not filming. The courts could also impose an adverse inference if there is a technical or storage glitch that interferes with taping or access to the video. 
this technology recording us on a constant basis. Last week, the President signed the Housepassed USA FREEDOM Act into law, which ended bulk metadata collection by the NSA. 
mandating use of a technology that has the potential to gather and store information about Americans, many of them innocent civilians, based simply on a person’s interaction with a police 
an important purpose in improving interactions between law enforcement and the general public and be a valuable source of evidence of wrongdoing; but we, as lawmakers and as a society, must ensure that this technology is used appropriately. 
addressing the use of police dashboard cameras, but we must now do so again in a situation that is potentially much more intrusive. 
Several police departments have already begun using bodyworn cameras, and various pilot programs are also underway. Their successes and pitfalls will be instructive as we explore expanded use of this technology. 
from Texas for his work on this resolution and also applaud the work of our 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
and to thank my colleagues for putting forward H. Res. 295, particularly Mr. ALGREEN of Texas and Mr. C LAYand 
the Missouri area—and a number of other Members who have joined in on sponsoring this legislation. 
to what Members of Congress, Mr. Speaker, have been talking about, and what we have talked about, criminal justice reform. 
Committee are receiving information. We are listening to Members; we are obviously listening to Members who are committed and dedicated, and we are committed to criminal justice reform. 
be able to put on minds of individuals that we know that this effort of criminal justice reform requires the communication and cooperation of our law enforcement officers and as well to recognize the vitality and the importance of communities who have argued Black lives matter—or they have just argued that lives matter, which they do. 
Let me, first of all, join Mr. GOODLATTE on acknowledging the tragedy of 
police shootings. Whether or not it was the heinous shootings in New York on two occasions and probably more or whether or not it was a recent incident in Houston, Texas, when a valiant officer was mowed down by a fleeing felon, or any number of incidents that have caught our men and women in the line of fire—and their families have seen their service, their life, and their contributions snuffed out by violence— that is not something that we applaud 
I believe the language in this resolution gives us the sense of Congress that allows us to recognize all law enforcement agencies and officers, thanking them for their tireless work to protect us and make our communities safer, and recognize the potential for the use of bodyworn cameras by onduty law enforcement officers, to improve community relations, increase transparency, and protect both citizens and police. 
Committee will thoughtfully look at legislation that fits squarely on the framework of this taking into consideration many concerns and encourages State and local law enforcement agencies to consider the use of bodyworn cameras, including policies and protocols, to handle privacy, storage, and other relevant issues. 
I am glad those are recognized because we are a country of laws, and we recognize the civil liberties and civil rights of all citizens. 
As we discuss this legislation, however, I want to emphasize the importance of the timing. It is time for comprehensive policing and criminal justice reform. We are witnessing a sea change unlike many others with support for this great cause spanning the ideological and party divide. We in the Judiciary Committee have spoken about it and are finding common ways to work together. 
revealed by several of the more notorious incidents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens have captured the attention of the Nation over the past few months and demonstrates a critical need for a national response. 
Law enforcement officers individually will indicate training is a key element of this. Any response to these tragic events must go hand in hand with a holistic view of criminal justice reform. It will do us no good to be able to point at one group and not try to help another, so I am very grateful that my State, the State of Texas, has contributed to this dialogue and most recently in grand jury reform. 
to acknowledge and celebrate law enforcement and encourage the move forward on criminal justice reform, I am grateful to again do it today, but we should also look at a vast array of opportunities. 
be on our agenda. One such proposal would give the Federal Bureau of Prisons the discretion to release nonviolent prisoners who served at least half of their sentence, are 45 or more years old, and who have not been disciplined for a violent offense. This would not only alleviate some prison overcrowding, but it would dip into the $75 billion that we are paying for incarceration. 
in the Federal system that right now we give 47 days for 54 days of good time. If we did one for one, it would be an opportunity to save millions of dollars, at least $41 million; and 4,000 persons would be able to be lifted who would be able to be rehabilitated. 
coming into the criminal justice system is the journey of coming out of it. Where an individual has paid his or her debt, the process of reentering society is paid with tremendous and often insurmountable obstacles. 
allow those with a criminal conviction to have a fair chance to compete for jobs with Federal agencies and contractors. This ‘‘ban the box’’ measure delays a potential employer’s inquiry into the applicant’s criminal history until later in the hiring process. Employers can still ask, but pushing the inquiry into a later stage in the process where you have seen whether this person is ready and able to have a job. 
our view and affection for our law enforcement and adding more tools. Each of us have had wonderful experiences with those men and women who serve. 
policing and criminal justice reform has arrived. We are witnessing a sea shift unlike any others, with support for this great cause spanning the ideological and party divide. 
In the area of policing, the problems revealed by several of the more notorious incidents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens has captured the attention of the nation over the past few months and demonstrates the critical need for a national response. 
must go handinhand with changes to the entirety of our criminal justice system. 
As a member of the House Judiciary Committee; as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations; and as a Representative from Houston, let me extend my thanks to the Congressman from my home state of Texas for contributing to the discussion of this very important and timely issue. 
Just as I have joined with him in Houston 
before—to acknowledge and celebrate law enforcement and to encourage and move forward criminal justice reform—I am grateful to do so again today. 
The very fact that this measure is on the 
floor today is a great indicator that Congress is ready for comprehensive criminal justice and policing reform. 
This is why I am looking at reforms that will 
address all aspects of our criminal justice system and drafting legislation accordingly. 
of Prisons discretion to release nonviolent prisoners who have served at least half their sentence, are 45 or more years old, and who have not been disciplined for violent conduct while in prison. 
prison overcrowding, it would result in substantial cost savings by removing the expensive medical care for older prisoners. 
prisoner good time credit law, the cost savings of this proposal is even more significant. Congress intended for all federal prisoners to be eligible for 54 days of good time credit, not 47 days as currently interpreted by the Federal Bureau of Prisons. 
year—will not only reflect our original intent, it will save at least $41 million annually. 
One of the most difficult parts of coming into 
the criminal justice system is the journey of coming out of it. 
For an individual who has paid his or her 
debt, the process of reentering society is paved with tremendous, and often insurmountable, obstacles. 
those with a criminal conviction to have a fair chance to compete for jobs with federal agencies and contractors. This ‘‘banthebox’’ measure delays a potential employer’s inquiry into the applicant’s criminal history until later in the hiring process. 
Employers can still ask—but pushing the inquiry until a later stage in the process allows applicants to get a foot in the door and be considered at the early stage on their merits alone. 
Journal of Adolescent Health, demonstrate that the adolescent brain continues to develop as young persons mature well into their 20s. Yet, we begin holding our young offenders accountable as adults when they reach the age of 18, 16, and sometimes even earlier. And we send them off to what many describe as ‘‘criminal college.’’ 
will provide judges with new and different options when a young offender comes before them. These options will give judges discretion to tailor a punishment to that young offender’s needs. 
And, when sending a young offender to prison is necessary, my legislation will ensure that the Bureau of Prisons separates these young offenders out from the rest of the prison population and provides specialized programs for their needs. This will put young offenders on a path for change, not one of crime. 
It is not enough to improve the system of 
criminal justice, we must also address the unnecessary loss of life that can result from police and civilian interactions. Reform must take a step towards increasing trust between our communities and law enforcement. 
will provide law enforcement agencies with the funding and assistance to put in place the policies, protocols, and training programs in accord with national accreditation standards. 
also requires greater transparency when government responds to incidents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens. 
provides incentives and support for jurisdictions to bring in an independent investigation and prosecution team for an unbiased review of such incidents. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
is my pleasure at this time to yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ), the 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor to stand in the well of the House and have an opportunity to advocate on behalf of the constituents of the Ninth Congressional District. Today is no exception. 
here in support of bipartisan legislation, legislation that encourages law enforcement to use body cameras. This legislation is legislation that I am proud to say has received a good deal of support and a good deal of consideration and deliberation. 
the House, Mr. BOEHNER , for his assistance in bringing this legislation forward. Of course, the Honorable NANCY  
thank her for allowing the legislation to come forward and assisting. 
want to thank him because we had a conversation concerning this legislation. Of course, the chairperson of the Judiciary Committee, the Honorable BOBGOODLATTE , he and I have had an 
opportunity to talk through this legislation, and I am eternally grateful for the consideration that you have given, sir, and I thank you. I also would like to thank the dean of 
the House of Representatives, the Honorable JOHNCONYERS . He has been here 
on so many occasions when legislation that is exceedingly important has been passed upon and has been a voice, a voice on all of these issues through the years. I am proud to say that I had an opportunity to speak to him about this legislation. 
POEof Texas. He and I came to Congress together, and we worked together. This is a piece of legislation that he was the first to sign onto, H. Res. 295. 
he and I have worked together to shepherd this from the very beginning, and he is still a part of it. He is not here tonight, but he is with us on this legislation. I am proud to say he is a friend, and he has been a partner throughout the effort to bring this legislation to the floor of the House. 
been indicated, is the beginning. I don’t see it as the end of a process. I see it as more of a preamble with the Constitution to follow. I see it as a lawyer might see an opening statement with the closing statement yet to come. 
Of course, as a Christian, I see it as a 
part of Genesis, with many revelations yet to come. It is a good first step, and it is a good step in the right direction. I don’t see it as the end of the process, but I do want to commend and thank those who have helped us to get to this point. 
I would cite now, if I may, a Justice 
Department report. This report styled ‘‘Police Officer BodyWorn Cameras’’ found that bodyworn cameras increased transparency. People have the opportunity to see what actually took place. It makes a difference because this will increase police legitimacy. 
Officers don’t have to get into disputes about what actually occurred. The empirical evidence is there by way of the camera’s eye. 
It will improve citizen and police behavior. Once the camera is on and once people know that it is on—that is both citizens and police officers—their behavior tends to be adjusted such that we get better results. 
This is evidence that can be introduced into court. When it is introduced, it can help effectuate positive results. 
Another study, a study from the University of Cambridge, its Institute of Criminology, after a 12month study, found a 50 percent reduction in the use of force as a result of body cameras, a 50 percent reduction in use of force, a 90 percent reduction in complaints against police officers as a result of body cameras being utilized. 
report from Rialto, California, indicates that, after 1 year of use of body cameras, there was a 60 percent reduction in the use of force and an 88 percent reduction in complaints against police officers. 
these body cameras do provide an opportunity for us to have the transparency we need, for us to provide legitimacy for both police officers and citizenry but, more importantly, to reduce the complaints that we see emanating from scenes that are disputed. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as I indicated, we see a reduction in complaints. As we view the many incidents that have occurred around the country, there is no question that there is a divide. I believe that these body cameras can span the chasm across the divide and make a difference in the perception that we have in the way our police and our communities interact with each other. 
I am proud to be a sponsor, and I am 
proud to have the cosponsors that we have. I am proud that the chairperson of the Judiciary Committee has signed onto this and that the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee is on board. 
Judiciary Committee for many, many years, and I am most appreciative that she, too, finds favor with this piece of legislation. I am honored that she is on the floor tonight to shepherd it through, and I pray that my colleagues all will support what I believe to be a piece of legislation that can span the chasm between the police and the community in a most positive way. 
have no speakers remaining, and I am prepared to yield back. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may consume as I am the final speaker. 
from Texas for his very eloquent explanation of this legislation. Let me add my appreciation as well to Chairman GOODLATTE , to Ranking Member C ONYERS , and to Chairman S ENSEN BRENNER . It is certainly my pleasure to 
manage and to work with this legislation, in the purpose of this legislation. 
I close with just a few points that I 
feel compelled to comment on. As I do so, I am not giving all of the names of those fallen. As I have indicated, we tragically buried an HPD officer just a couple of weeks ago and, of course, officers in Mississippi, officers in New Mexico, in Omaha, Nebraska, and in Pennsylvania, among others. We recognize that we are challenged and that we must find that common ground. Again, I note that this kick start will 
help us to look at comprehensive criminal justice reform. 
Let me just add one last point on the 
young offenders issue that may be somewhat similar to the video that has now imploded across the airwaves of America in McKinney, Texas. One study dealing with young offenders or individual adolescents includes a report by the Journal of Adolescent Health which demonstrates that the adolescent brain continues to develop as young persons mature well into their twenties; yet we begin holding our young offenders accountable as adults when they reach the age of 18 and sometimes earlier, and we send them off to what many describe as a criminal college. So I am hoping that we will have legislation that can address by science the concept, if you will, of how we treat those from 18 to 24. 
policing and community trust. I am looking forward to working with law enforcement agencies with the funding and assistance to put in place the policies and protocols dealing with training, deescalation, accreditation. That is, of course, something that we hope to be working on with the full Judiciary Committee. 
treatment between two cities—the city of Charleston, South Carolina, where a tragic incident occurred and where the city responded immediately, and the city of Cleveland, where a tragic incident occurred and where the city did not respond immediately. 
Then, this past weekend, we saw confusing footage, I think, that dealt with teenagers at a pool party. We know that police were called. We know that this party was, really, a party of girls who happened to be African American, and we understand that some boys, who tend to like to find girls, came and may have caused somewhat of a disturbance. The reason I think it is important as we discuss this legislation is that the bill does indicate our appreciation for law enforcement. My words say that this will allow us to kick start and look at issues where we can work together to get along. But as the video indicates, we see a scattering of young people, and we see a number of foulmouthed comments being made coming from one particular officer. They are quotes I will not offer to repeat on this floor. 
I submit for the RECORD , Mr. Speaker, an article from The Atlantic as, I think, this is a testament to how we can work to avoid this kind of public incident. 
for a pool party in the city of McKinney, Texas. Shortly thereafter, someone called the police. And by Sunday night, as footage of the police response spread across the internet, the McKinney Police Department announced it was placing Eric Casebolt, the patrol supervisor shown in the video, on administrative leave. 
It is the latest in a string of incidents of 
police using apparently excessive force against African Americans that has captured public attention. And it took place at a communal pool—where, for more than a century, conflicts over race and class have often surfaced. 
The video shows a foulmouthed police corporal telling the young men he encounters to get down, and the young women to take off, although far more obscenely. When several seated young men appear to ask, politely, for permission to leave, he explodes at them: ‘‘Don’t make me fucking run around here with thirty pounds of goddamn gear in the sun because you want to screw around out here.’’ The corporal was white. The young people he detained were, almost without exception, black. 
The video next shows him repeatedly cursing at a group of young women, telling them to move on. Then he wrestles one to the ground. As bystanders react in horror, and several rush toward the young woman as if to her assistance, he draws his sidearm. They flee. He returns to the teenager, wrestles her back down, forces her face into the ground, and places both knees on her back. 
that they were called to respond to the Craig Ranch North Community Pool for a report of ‘‘a disturbance involving multiple juveniles at the location, who do not live in the area or have permission to be there, refusing to leave.’’ They added that additional calls reported fighting, and that when the crowd refused to comply with the first responding officers, nine additional units were deployed. 
himself as ‘‘disturbed and concerned,’’ and the police chief vowed ‘‘a complete, and thorough, investigation.’’ 
McKinney has struggled with questions of equity and diversity. The city is among the fastestgrowing in America, and its residents hail from a wide range of backgrounds. Formal, legal segregation is a thing of the past. Yet stark divides persist. 
lawsuit alleging that it was blocking the development of affordable housing suitable for tenants with Section 8 vouchers in the more affluent western portion of the city. East of Highway 75, according to the lawsuit, McKinney is 49 percent white; to its west, McKinney is 86 percent white. The plaintiffs alleged that the city and its housing authority were ‘‘willing to negotiate for and provide lowincome housing units in east McKinney, but not west McKinney, which amounts to illegal racial steering.’’ 
All three of the city’s public pools lie to 
the east of Highway 75. Craig Ranch, where the pool party took place, lies well to its west. BuzzFeed reports that the fight broke out when an adult woman told the teens to go back to ‘‘Section 8 housing.’’ 
portion of a 2,200 acre masterplanned community. ‘‘The neighborhood is made up of singlefamily homes,’’ says the developer’s website, ‘‘and includes a community center with two pools, a park and a playground.’’ Private developments like Craig Ranch now routinely include pools, often paid for by dues to homeowners’ associations, and governed by their rules. But that, in itself, represents a remarkable shift. 
pools were public, egalitarian spaces. Most early public pools in America aimed more for hygiene than relaxation, open on alternate days to men and women. In the North, at least, they served bathers without regard for race. But in the 1920s, as public swimming 
pools proliferated, they became sites of leisure and recreation. Alarmed at the sight of women and men of different races swimming together, public officials moved to impose rigid segregation. 
As African Americans fought for desegregation in the 1950s, public pools became frequent battlefields. In Marshall, Texas, for example, in 1957, a young man backed by the NAACP sued to force the integration of a brandnew swimming pool. When the judge made it clear the city would lose, citizens voted 1,758–89 to have the city sell all of its recreational facilities rather than integrate them. The pool was sold to a local Lions’ Club, which was able to operate it as a whitesonly private facility. 
rarely so transparent, but the trend was unmistakable. Before 1950, Americans went swimming as often as they went to the movies, but they did so in public pools. There were relatively few club pools, and private pools were markers of extraordinary wealth. Over the next halfcentury, though, the number of private inground pools increased from roughly 2,500 to more than four million. The declining cost of pool construction, improved technology, and suburbanization all played important roles. But then, so did desegregation. As historian Jeff Wiltse argues in his 2007 book, Contested Waters: A Social History of Swimming Pools in America: 
Although many whites abandoned desegregated public pools, most did not stop swimming. Instead, they built private pools, both club and residential, and swam in them. . . . Suburbanites organized private club pools rather than fund public pools because club pools enabled them to control the class and racial composition of swimmers, whereas public pools did not. 
across the United States. The public pools of midcentury—with their sandy beaches, manicured lawns, and welltended facilities— are vanishingly rare. Those sorts of amenities are now generally found behind closed gates, funded by club fees or homeowners’ dues, and not by tax dollars. And they are open to those who can afford to live in such subdivisions, but not to their neighbors just down the road. 
Whatever took place in McKinney on Friday, it occurred against this backdrop of the privatization of oncepublic facilities, giving residents the expectation of control over who sunbathes or doggiepaddles alongside them. Even if some of the teens were residents, and others possessed valid guest passes, as some insisted they did, the presence of ‘‘multiple juveniles . . . who do not live in the area’’ clearly triggered alarm. Several adults at the pool reportedly placed calls to the police. And none of the adult residents shown in the video appeared to manifest concern that the police response had gone too far, nor that its violence was disproportionate to the alleged offense. 
the pool on Sunday afternoon. It read, simply: ‘‘Thank you McKinney Police for keeping us safe.’’ 
this is not dealing with a vast group of protesters, which, ultimately, did occur in the last 24 hours in that area. This is dealing with youngsters. Many of us raise children and send them to pools and various camps, and we hope they will be well, but this is understanding the whole level of law enforcement. Again, I believe it is time for the Congress to recreate the criminal justice system. 
Juveniles are naturally fearful of authority and lack maturity when faced with fearful events. Running is the natural instinct of most youth, and in this case, the youth attempted to leave when the police approached to disperse the crowd. Then the police chased, shooting a Taser. When the officer confronted the young girl with aggression, other youth attempted to help her— that is, teenagers—who were also threatened with force by the officers. These children received mixed messages. Establishing trusting relationships between youth and police officers is of the utmost responsibility. 
and the expressions of a community and parents came about because we were not talking to each other, because actions did not track what those young people were doing in McKinney. They were being teenagers. They were running. They may have had the incidences of misbehavior, and, frankly, they could have been handled in a way that the misbehavior could have been addressed. 
that we now have an opportunity to kickstart this wonderful discussion of criminal justice reform. Wonderful? Yes, because, in America, we are a nation of civilians and law. The civilian law enforcement is made up of those who implement those laws, but the Constitution reigns as well. I look forward to working with the chairman and the ranking member and all of the Members of this body and the Judiciary Committee for a very constructive journey on letting the American people know that we hear their pain, that we respect those who uphold the law, and that we are going to work constructively to do that. 
I left Houston while talking to a police officer. I know he is not listening, but let me just simply say thank you for the service that you give. Hopefully, he will hear this and will know that we are committed to working together in this Congress. I ask my colleagues to support House Resolution 295. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, in 
closing, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) and the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ) for their hard work on this, 
for coming to see me and others on our side of the aisle about this important issue, and for working with us on getting the language straight in this resolution in order to make sure that we are properly encouraging this exploration while also taking into account the issues that arise with the use of body cameras. 
and the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. CONYERS , and the 
ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. JACKSON LEE, for their work on 
this as well. I also want to thank all of the staff involved. 
will help to inform us as we move ahead on a number of issues related to 
criminal justice reform. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 295. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide endusers with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and endusers manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 246, nays 171, not voting 15, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Messrs. CARNEY, HUFFMAN, CUMMINGS, Ms. PELOSI, Mr. VEASEY, and Mrs. BEATTY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Carolina, and COSTA changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 309, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to 
transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a letter received from The Honorable C. Delbert Hosemann, Jr., Mississippi Secretary of State, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held June 2, 2015, the Honorable Trent Kelly was elected Representative to Congress for the First Congressional District, State of Mississippi. 
First Congressional District to transmit certified election results to our office is 5:00 p.m. on June 12, 2015. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by all counties involved, an official Certificate of Election will be prepared for transmittal as required by law. 
TRENT KELLY, OF MISSISSIPPI, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Mississippi, the Honorable TRENT KELLY , be permitted 
His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will the Representativeelect and the members of the Mississippi delegation present themselves in the well. 
All Members will rise and the Representativeelect will please raise his right hand. 
at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, friends and colleagues, I have the honor of welcoming the new representative from Mississippi’s First Congressional District. For me, that means he will be representing the neighboring district in the northeast corner of the State, which most of you are familiar with; but also, for others, this means that he will be representing the birthplace of Elvis Presley. 
known town of Saltillo, Mississippi. The local folk call it Saltillo, population 3,393. He knows the district well, having served as district attorney for 
the largest judicial district in that area. Representative KELLY has also 
served in our Nation’s military and has spent 29 years in the Mississippi National Guard. 
out the term of our dear former colleague Alan Nunnelee, who passed away in February. As he steps into his seat, we hope that he will follow Alan’s example of service and dedication to the people of Mississippi. 
now join me in welcoming our friend from Lee County, Mississippi. 
great honor and pleasure to welcome the newest Member of this body, Congressman TRENT KELLY . 
will carry on the legacy of his predecessor, our late colleague, Representative Alan Nunnelee, one of impeccable constituent services and an unyielding commitment to this country and her citizens. 
I look forward to working with Representative KELLY as he serves the 
First Congressional District and the people of the great State of Mississippi. 
stand here and welcome you to the floor of the House of Representatives. 
Speaker, I thank Congressman T HOMP SON, Congressman H ARPER , and the rest 
of the Mississippi delegation; and, most importantly, thank you, God. 
would include my mother and my wife and my three children and my brother, who cannot be here. 
First Congressional District of Mississippi and to my fellow Members. 
and every one. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Congressman A MASH  
be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 198. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2577, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2577. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) had 
been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 156, line 15. 
yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) for the purpose of a colloquy. 
chairman for yielding, and I thank him for his great work on this appropriations bill. 
have been a staunch advocate for reducing aircraft noise over northern New Jersey. I have attended dozens of public hearings and meetings with officials from the FAA and responded to thousands of calls from constituents whose lives have been affected by increased aircraft noise. 
While the safety of airplane passengers is paramount and the vitality of our air transport system is important, people on the ground have a right to a quality of life with a minimum exposure to air noise overhead. 
taxpayer dollars on the New York, New Jersey, and Philadelphia airspace redesign project, time and time again the Federal Aviation Administration has turned a deaf ear to the tremendous impact air noise has had over northern New Jersey. I recently wrote two letters to the FAA to bring my constituent concerns directly to Administrator Michael Huerta’s attention. To date, these letters and my constituents’ pleas for help have gone unanswered. 
York, New Jersey, and Philadelphia airspace redesign, they must factor air noise into their calculations. I look forward to working with the chairman to ensure that this is done. 
thank the gentleman for raising this important issue. I appreciate his dedication to ensuring that his constituents’ air noise concerns are adequately addressed by the FAA. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
as such positions are described in the Field Resource Manual (Wave 1) entitled ‘‘Transformation: Multifamily for Tomorrow’’ of the Department of Housing and Urban Development) of the Office of Multifamily Housing of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, or newly hire an employee for any asset management position, that is located at a Core office (as such term is used in such Field Resource Manual) before filling each such asset management position that is located at a NonCore office (as such term is used in such Field Resource Manual) and has been vacated since October 1, 2015. 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amendment regarding HUD’s multifamily transformation plan. I will ultimately withdraw this amendment because I know that there will be Republican opposition, but I think it is important for me to speak out against the illadvised plan. 
Urban Development is currently in the process of a major consolidation of its multifamily offices, which it has dubbed the multifamily transformation plan. I have been vocal in my skepticism of HUD’s assurances that this plan will bring about significant savings without impacting program delivery. 
an amendment to the fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill that required HUD to follow a transformation plan that maintains asset management staff in its field offices. I fought for this amendment because I believe strongly that HUD’s plan to consolidate the important function of asset management from 17 hubs overseeing 50 field offices into just 5 hub locations and 7 satellite offices would significantly impair program delivery without resulting in significant cost savings. 
which calls for an intimate knowledge of the local housing market and frequently requires staff to make onsite visits to troubled properties. That is why it is so important to have asset management staff in local field offices to respond to local needs. 
from advocates that HUD has been failing to replace vacancies in asset management positions in field offices and is only hiring new asset management staff in hub locations. This is unacceptable. There are already two field offices that have completely shuttered because they have no working staff. In Los Angeles, we have already lost 15 asset management staff who have not been replaced. 
HUD prioritizes the hiring of asset management staff in local field offices for vacancies that occur in the next fiscal year instead of continuing to consolidate this important function to a 
select few hub and satellite locations. It would help ensure that our multifamily field offices remain open and operating at current staffing levels. Without this amendment, local multifamily offices will continue to have more vacancies that go unfilled. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used in contravention of subpart E of part 5 of the regulations of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (24 C.F.R. Part 5, Subpart E; relating to restrictions on assistance to noncitizens). 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. YOHO. Madam Chair, my amendment simply ensures that no funds can be used to circumvent current law which prevents illegal immigrants from obtaining housing assistance. Spending should be prioritized based on the needs of American taxpaying citizens, not those who are residing in our country illegally. 
throughout the country work hard every day, and their needs should not play second fiddle to those of immigrants who broke our laws and came into this country illegally. 
in this country to disregard the rule of law, much to the detriment of taxpaying Americans, I truly believe this amendment is necessary to clarify and reinforce the intent of Congress as it pertains to housing assistance providing via HUD. 
amendment that shows the hardworking American citizens that we are serious when it comes to spending their tax dollars and that we will not use their hardearned money to prioritize and reward those who break our laws. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and support the rule of law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Chair, I do oppose this amendment. On the face of it, it simply restates existing regulations, but I fear there is another motive at play, that is, an anti immigrant agenda. 
amendment feeds into the widely held misperception that many undocumented individuals are, in fact, obtaining Federal benefits despite restrictions—verification procedures—specifically designed to prohibit such activity. 
We must not allow this appropriations bill to become a platform to denigrate immigrants in this country or to score political points at their expense. We need real solutions. We need to actually fix our broken immigration system. We shouldn’t be wasting valuable floor time on amendments such as these. We would be better served by moving comprehensive immigration reform, fully debating it in this Chamber. 
We are ready to do that. We can pass 
comprehensive immigration reform, if the Speaker would bring it to the floor, this very week. Until then, I would ask restraint on amendments that in no way alter existing law and regulation and only serve to stir controversy, reinforce prejudices, and distract us from the business at hand. 
amendment is strictly about the rule of law and following the rule of law. I agree we shouldn’t have to debate immigration here. This is not about this. This is about following the rule of law. 
At this point, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). 
amendment has nothing to do with being antiimmigrant. In fact, the gentleman’s comments play into that accusation. This is entirely incorrect and inappropriate. In fact, it reminds me of a comment a President made from right up there at that podium that no illegal aliens would get ObamaCare. Somebody thought that was not true and said so. It turns out it was not true. They have gotten it. 
of people that were in and around Walmart this weekend—immigrants, people that are here legally, and they can’t find work and they need help. They did everything to come here legally and properly—Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, African Americans, Anglo Americans—and they just need help. 
I would submit, if we are going to be 
true to the oath we took to our Constitution and the laws which uphold our Constitution, we need to be about helping those that are under our care, those who have come legally. 
I support the gentleman’s amendment, and I appreciate him doing it. It is a proimmigrant amendment for immigrants that will come legally, and there are plenty of those here. 
ranking member, I would love to have that discussion down the road about responsible immigration reform, and I think we need to have that. The American people expect it. They deserve it, 
In the meantime, this is just a commonsense amendment that strictly puts the emphasis on following the rule of law, and I think all Americans, regardless of what side of the aisle, would stand supporting the Constitution, the very document that we all took an oath to. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used in contravention of section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
his staff, as well as the chairman, Mr. DIAZBALART , for their work on something that is very close and near and dear to many Members’ hearts. It certainly is close to mine. 
passed last year. I am grateful to have the opportunity this year to restate the fact that this amendment indicates that none of the funds made available by this act under the heading ‘‘Federal Transit Administration: Transit Formula Grants’’ may be used in contravention of section 5309. 
identical to the Jackson Lee amendment. Might I just briefly speak to this amendment. It affirms the importance to the Nation of projects that create economic development, particularly in the transportation area. 
It particularly says that the Secretary of Transportation may make grants under this section to State and local governments; it has the authority to assist in financing capital projects, small startup projects, including the acquisition of real property. 
State and local authority can undertake capital projects, which means that, when local governments propose their projects, the Secretary has the authority to go forward. Nothing can 
enhances the competitiveness of a Nation in this increasingly globalized economy than investments in transportation and infrastructure capital projects. 
I will include an article about transportation dated March 31, 2015, into the RECORD . 
terrible. He lives east of Jersey Village, an easy drive from the freeway. His offramp from Interstate 10 puts him practically in front of his job near Bunker Hill. 
In each of the past three years, though, the 
‘‘I leave earlier than I used to,’’ he said 
Monday morning as he stopped for gas near his office. ‘‘Even on weekends, it’s taking longer to get around all the construction and traffic.’’ 
It’s a common dilemma for Houston motorists. Congestion in Houston increased sharply from 2013 to 2014, according to a report released Tuesday by TomTom, developer of the mapping and traffic data fed to phones and other GPS devices. 
Analysts said trips in the region on average last year took 25 percent longer than they would have in freeflowing conditions, compared with 21 percent longer in 2013. 
congestionfree trip, on average, takes about 52 minutes at peak commuting times. For an entire year, it means drivers waste 85 hours—more than 3.5 days—plodding along the highways and streets of Houston. 
index for Houston in four years after three consecutive years of slight declines. 
to experience the biggest increases in traffic. Oil price dips notwithstanding, Houston certainly fits the bill, said Tony Voigt, the program manager for the Texas A&M Transportation Institute’s Houston office. 
Voigt said local analysis supports the conclusion in the TomTom report: More local streets and highways are more congested for more hours of the day. Even weekend trips to some spots—notably retail corridors—can be increasingly timeconsuming. 
‘‘This is a result of more people living here 
as compared to two or three years ago and our economy being very active and healthy,’’ Voigt said. 
TomTom, said the opposite is true in places where job prospects are not as strong, based on the company’s worldwide traffic research. 
an economic slowdown and gas prices are up, there has been a slowdown,’’ Cohn said. 
Moscow and other international cities continue to experience traffic far worse than cities in the U.S. In the United States, Houston ranked 12thworst among major cities for traffic, compared to 85th worldwide. 
‘‘It’s terrible,’’ said Debbie Curry, 60, a lifelong Houstonian. ‘‘Traffic in this city has gotten worse. When I moved (to western Houston) I thought it would get better. It did for a little while; now it’s as bad as it’s ever been.’’ 
much of their time in traffic vary, but most theories circle back to explosive growth. 
‘‘Some of the congestion on U.S. 290 and on 
(Loop 610 North) is, of course, construction related,’’ Voigt said. ‘‘But what we are really seeing is travel demand is greater overall, and this is causing the peak congestion periods to spread out.’’ 
hours each in the morning and evening, are spreading to three and sometimes four hours. Though it means more days when traffic is heavy for longer periods, the gradual growth of peak commuting periods isn’t all bad, Cohn said. 
being flexible with those worktohome and hometowork trips,’’ Cohn said, noting that an alternative could be a more compressed— but more severe—peak commuting period. 
roadwidening projects planned over the next decade, along with some transit growth. Suburban areas, notably Conroe and The Woodlands, are exploring their own transit options. It’s a pattern across the U.S., Cohn said. 
said. Houston’s lack of density could make transit less effective, but public transportation remains a critical part of any congestion relief as roads dominate. 
officials and counties in the area have made ‘‘significant requests for roadway dollars,’’ said Houston Councilman Stephen Costello, chairman of the Transportation Policy Council of the HoustonGalveston Area Council. 
traffic now, but about building before it gets worse, Costello said. 
funding, which federal and state lawmakers have been slow to deliver. Federal officials remain at an impasse about a longterm transportation bill, and many have shown reluctance to increase federal highway spending. Texas voters last year approved $1.7 billion for state highways, leaving about $3.3 billion in additional money needed, according to the Texas A&M Transportation Institute. 
That funding shortfall has many, especially officials in suburban Houston, worried as their traffic worsens and projects crawl toward completion, said West University Place Mayor Bob Fry. 
‘‘I think outside (Loop 610) is going to be 
worse for traffic than inside the Loop,’’ Fry said. ‘‘Inside is built out, and it’s not going to get worse like it is outside.’’ 
In the urban core, Fry said, transit is the 
important investment. He said Metro’s upcoming redesign of bus service will ‘‘help quite a bit.’’ 
said drivers might see the best results by using an increasing and improving array of traffic information available to them. Houston’s TranStar system—a partnership of Houston, Harris County, the Texas Department of Transportation and the Metropolitan Transit Authority—is one of the largest and most comprehensive realtime traffic systems in the country. 
what the highway authority has and what realtime traffic systems have,’’ Cohn said. ‘‘It is more of a unified service now.’’ 
avoid congestion, it helps not just that driver but also others because one less vehicle is clogging up the problem spot. 
personal planning, might be the best relief for traffic now. 
wait for some big infrastructure project,’’ he said. [From the Houston Chronicle, Feb. 5, 2013] 
the sixth worst commute in the nation based on hours of delay. 
isn’t getting much worse in the Houston area. The bad news is it was pretty bad to begin with. 
some of the worst traffic delays in the country, according to the 2012 Urban Mobility Report released Tuesday by the Texas A&M Transportation Commission. Area drivers wasted more than two days a year, on average, in traffic congestion, costing them each $1,090 in lost time and fuel. 
And it’s unlikely to get any better, researchers and public officials say. 
‘‘I think as rapidly as this area is growing, 
(the challenge) is just trying to stay where we are,’’ Harris County Judge Ed Emmett said of the traffic congestion. 
Planned toll projects on U.S. 290 and eventually Interstate 45 will help ease traffic, just as the Katy Freeway managed lanes did in 2008, Emmett said. 
devise their own strategies to deal with the hassle. Roger Wilson, 54, takes a park and ride bus from Katy, but his coworker Brad Steele, 39, drives in from Spring. Over lunch Monday, both claimed their method was best. 
told Wilson, ‘‘but I would rather have my car.’’ 
those jobs attract workers, commuting hassles will persist, said Tim Lomax, a coauthor of the mobility report. 
traffic by widening the roads,’’ said Stephen Klineberg, codirector of the Kinder Center for Urban Research at Rice University. 
and another 1 million coming in the next 20 years, the region will embrace new development patterns that reduce the need for driving—but on its own terms and without abandoning the car, Klineberg said. 
‘‘Suburban areas are developing town centers and walkable urbanist developments,’’ Klineberg said, pointing to developments in The Woodlands, Sugar Land and Pearland. 
outward growth, leading to greater distances between homes and workplaces. 
Based on the mobility report, in 1982 drivers spent about 22 hours each year stuck in congestion, a figure that has increased almost every year since. Traffic congestion peaked in 2008 at 55 hours, the same year two carpool/toll lanes along I–10 opened between downtown and Katy. The lanes took five years to complete and cost $2.8 billion. 
But some of the best ways to reduce congestion are less costly. As Houston drivers have acclimated to rushhour traffic jams, they’ve become more adept at saving themselves time. 
Lomax said, noting resources that provide realtime traffic information. As smartphones and computers become more common, and workdays come with greater flexibility for some people to work from home, commuters can adjust to lessstressful drive times. 
worst commute in the country based on hours of delay, the region’s drivers rank 21st on a new calculation that determines how much extra time drivers have to build into 
their trips. The new measure, called the freeway planning time index, shows drivers don’t have to build in as much extra time as others, because planning and good freeway clearance rates by tow trucks keep roads moving, Lomax said. 
with jobs in Houston divided among a dozen or so job areas, it’s hard for public transit to carry everyone where they need to go efficiently, Lomax said. 
Still, drivers and elected officials said traffic congestion is spreading farther from the urban core and growing. 
‘‘I think within the next two years it is 
going to get worse,’’ said Liberty County Commissioner Norman Brown, who said traffic is already worsening for some Dayton area drivers. 
the result of trucking and manufacturing, Brown said. The mobility report found congestion accounted for $646 million in cost to businesses reliant on trucking in 2011, up from $490 million in 2007. 
Emmett said the shipping growth demonstrates the need for investment in rail and other methods to move goods. 
Lomax said congestion caused by flourishing truck business can be a good problem to have. 
foolproof way of controlling congestion,’’ Lomax said. ‘‘But nobody’s saying that is a solution.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Just to emphasize, finally, whether it is seaways, dams, highways, or tollways, whether it involves other modes of transportation, transportation projects are major engines driving the economy. That is why we are here on the floor. It is important for the local communities to be drivers of that. The metropolitan regions will not be able to maintain economic vitality without this investment. 
clearly speaks to the global aspects of the Secretary of Transportation having the ability to work with our local and 
I ask my colleagues to join me in restating that the Secretary of Transportation has authority to work with local and State entities on the proposed projects that they have and for these projects to continue to grow and develop to ease traffic congestion. 
legislation and for the opportunity to explain my amendment. 
end of the bill the following new section providing that: 
Lee Amendment to H.R. 4775, the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Act for FY2015 adopted by the House last year by voice vote. 
importance to the nation of projects that create economic development, particularly in the transportation area. 
Secretary of Transportation may make grants under this section to State and local government the authority to assist in financing capital projects, small startup projects, including the acquisition of real property. 
This section further supports capacity improvements, including double tracking, and it specifically relates to work that deals with projects on approved transportation plans. 
That is key; section 5309 of title 49 grants 
to State and local governments the authority to undertake capital projects, which means that when local governments propose their projects, the Secretary has the authority to go forward on them. 
nation’s leading transportation and economic development organizations have to say about the importance and economic impact of investments in local light rail capital projects. 
the competitiveness of a nation in this increasingly globalized economy, than investments in transportation infrastructure capital projects. 
or tollways, and whether it involves other modes of transportation, transportation projects are major engines driving the economy. 
maintain its economic vitality without the ability to create and preserve infrastructure that supports the movement of people and goods throughout our country. 
speaks to the global aspect of the Secretary of Transportation having the ability to work with our local and State governments. 
the country; but unlike other large cities, we have struggled to have an effective mass transit system. 
policy was to build more highways with more lanes to carry more drivers to and from work. 
and is now pursuing Mass transit options that include light rail. 
This decision to invest in light rail was and 
is strongly supported by Houstonians by their votes in a 2003 referendum and by their increased usage of light rail service made possible in part by transportation appropriations bills. 
massive referendum proposal that was to set the stage for transit for the next 20 years. 
It included a first stage of four light rail lines, 
to be complete by 2012, and a master plan for a 65mile system, to be complete by 2025. 
METRO on weekly ridership states that 44,267 used Houston’s light rail service, which represented a 6,096 or 16% increase in ridership from April of the previous year. 
ridership of other forms of mass transit in the city of Houston: metro bus had a 2.3% increase over April 2013; metro buslocal had a 1.3% increase over April 2013; and Metro bus Park and ride had a 8.0% increase over April 2013. 
Houston Chronicle reported on the congestion Houston drivers face under daily commute to and from work. According to the Chronicle article, in 2011 
Houston commuters continue to enjoy some of the worst traffic delays in the country, and Houston area drivers wasted more than two days a year, on average, in traffic congestion, costing them each $1,090 in lost time and fuel. 
days a year wasted in traffic congestion, costing them each $1,850 in lost time and fuel. 
To put it in simpler and starker terms: A 
driver in Houston could see 154 movies this year or purchase 21 tickets to a home Texans game with the money wasted because of poorly maintained or trafficclogged roads. 
plan to meet its transportation and environmental challenges, ease its traffic congestion, and improve its air quality. 
from light rail in Houston are the 50,000 students that attend the University of Houston and Texas Southern University. 
should be available to support local government decisions of the Houston Metropolitan Transit Authority and the city of Houston to expand rail service. 
When we put our minds to it, we can get 
In Houston, we built a port 50 miles from 
the ocean, created the world’s greatest medical center in the middle of open prairie, and convinced the federal government to base its astronauts in a hurricane zone 870 miles from the launch pad. 
Each of those achievements shares a common element: elected officials have advocated, built public support, and brought the agencies together. 
decisions of state and local governments when it comes to deciding how they will spend funding made available for public transportation under this appropriations bill. 
Jackson Lee Amendment and affirm the authority of the Secretary of Transportation to work with local governments to develop local transit projects that will relieve traffic congestion, efficiently move people and goods, create jobs and maintain America’s status as the leading economy in the world. 
Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed 
Chair, America recently blew through the $18 trillion debt mark. America’s Comptroller General warns that America’s debt path is unsustainable. 
In short, Washington’s financial irresponsibility threatens America with a debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy that risks destroying the America our ancestors sacrificed so much to build. 
as a backdrop, I ask the House of Representatives to have the courage, to have the backbone, to be financially responsible. The House can do that in part by adopting my amendment that eliminates Federal Government housing subsidies for illegal aliens. 
How big is this problem? Census Bureau data analyzed by the Center for Immigration Studies in 2012 reflects that at least 130,000 households headed by selfidentifying illegal aliens live in public or subsidized housing. That is potentially hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars being illegally taken by illegal aliens with the tacit or open consent or even the encouragement of the United States Government. 
While American families struggle to make ends meet, while America faces a debilitating and destructive insolvency and bankruptcy, while American families and lawful immigrants are being forced to wait in line for public housing, this administration ignores the law to spend potentially hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars subsidizing illegal aliens, thereby encouraging their illegal conduct. 
ignores the law and permits illegal aliens to move into public housing before the legality of their status is finally determined. 
Also, unfortunately, the administrative and legal process being what it is, it takes as much as 2 years to evict illegal alien tenants after their illegal alien status is discovered. 
that, in a time of outofcontrol United States debt and deficit, HUD violates the law to give limited public housing benefits to illegal aliens, rather than needy American citizens and lawful immigrants. 
my amendment that, first, denies public housing subsidies to illegal aliens; and, second, underscores the sense of 
and that it is wrong to use public housing subsidies to reward illegal aliens for their illegal conduct. 
Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. Once again, we have an amendment that, on its face, simply restates existing law. In fact, the gentleman offering the amendment has acknowledged that existing law categorically prohibits HUD benefits from going to undocumented persons. 
What is going on here? What is lurking beneath the surface? I fear something is. An antiimmigrant agenda based on fear and prejudice would appear to be the answer. 
We are feeding into widely held misconceptions that so many undocumented immigrants are seeking and receiving Federal benefits, that Federal programs, Federal dollars, are being abused and misused. 
Well, we do need to have a remedy for 
our broken immigration system. As I said earlier, a comprehensive immigration reform bill, bipartisan, passed the Senate last Congress. It could be placed on this floor tomorrow and pass overwhelmingly. That doesn’t appear to be happening. Instead, what we have is this drumbeat of measures that are denigrating the immigrant community. 
this body on such amendments. They don’t alter existing law. They do, I am afraid, though, stir controversy. They reinforce prejudice and stereotypes. They distract us from the business at hand. 
I think it is an unworthy amendment. I urge my colleagues to reject it, and I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZBALART ), the chairman of 
I think it is important to just kind of 
always try to lower the decibels as much as we can. 
have said, does not change current law. It doesn’t change current HUD policies. It merely restates current law. I don’t, frankly, see a reason to have the amendment. Likewise, I don’t see a big reason to oppose the amendment that just, again, restates current law. I ask all sides to try to lower the rhetoric on this issue. This amendment does not change anything. 
have been involved in trying to get immigration reform for a long, long time and have worked with a number of Republicans and Democrats. I will tell you that both sides have had opportunities to get it done, and neither side got it done when they had the opportunity to get it done. I am hoping that we will be able to get it done. b2015 
But this is not the time and place to 
have that debate. So, again, while I don’t see the need for this amendment, I don’t see what the issue is of objecting to an amendment that, in essence, does absolutely nothing. 
thank the chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chair, I find it interesting and somewhat perplexing how my good friend across the aisle talks about an antiimmigrant agenda appealing to fear and prejudice. 
It seems that whenever we start talking about border security and lawful immigration, the race card is played. And I would submit that that is because, in part, there is an absence of rational sound public policy for the position taken. 
has, far and away, the most generous lawful immigration policy in the world. No nation is as compassionate with respect to lawful immigrants as the United States of America is, and I challenge anyone to say different. 
was not necessary, but when you have got an executive branch that has shown itself to be willingly lawless, to the point that two Federal judges, one in Pennsylvania and one in Texas, have had to render a decision trying to force this administration to obey the law, then I would submit, Madam Chair, that it is important to have these kinds of amendments to also deny the funding that otherwise would be used for that lawless conduct. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum— Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet performance that required all new lightduty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be alternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel, by December 31, 2015. 
My amendment echoes the President’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new lightduty vehicles unless that purchase is made in accord with the President’s memorandum. 
I have submitted identical amendments to 17 different appropriations bills over the past few years, and every time they have been accepted by both the majority and the minority. I hope my amendment will receive similar support today. 
longer pay $147 per barrel. But despite increased production here in the United States, the global price of oil is still largely determined by OPEC. 
Spikes in oil prices have profound repercussions for our economy. The primary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. We can change that with alternative technologies that exist today. 
the largest fleet of lightduty vehicles in America, over 635,000 vehicles. More than 6,000 of these vehicles are within the jurisdiction of this bill, being used by the Department of Transportation and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
When I was in Brazil a few years ago, 
I saw how they diversified their fuel by greatly expanding their use of ethanol. People there can drive to a gas station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gasoline or with ethanol and also possible blends as well. They make their choice based on cost or whatever criteria they deem important. 
So I want the same choice for America’s consumers. That is why I am proposing a bill in Congress, as I have 
done many times in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of, or in addition to, gasoline. If they can do it in Brazil, we can do it here, and it would cost less than $100 per car to do. 
these alternative technologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreigngovernmentcontrolled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic security and protect consumers. 
energy policy is something that is really important, and we can take a very 
energy independence and protecting the American consumer. I would urge all my colleagues on both sides, as they have in the past, to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer my amendment, which defunds a troubling hiring test put forth by the FAA which has led to cheating and questionable hiring practices for air traffic controllers. 
to slow hiring, but to stop the FAA’s use of a discredited gatekeeper hiring test. 
controllers in Illinois’ 14th Congressional District. More than a year ago, the FAA made an inexplicable and obscure change to its longstanding hiring practices, with few details given about how the changes would be implemented and with little advance warning. 
by which qualified Collegiate Training Initiative students and military veterans were given preference in hiring, the FAA implemented a new biographical questionnaire, or Bio Q, which contains such questions as, ‘‘How many sports did you play in high school?’’ 
answer is, how to improve on the test, or what their final score was, many otherwise highly qualified applicants failed, after spending countless resources and time training to become air traffic controllers. 
The new procedures caused the agency to divert the hiring process around highly qualified, CTIcertified trainees and experienced veterans, jeopardizing air travel safety in favor of offthe street hires, some of whom have little experience or ambition. 
fire following a sixmonth investigation which uncovered that FAA or aviationrelated employees may have assisted in giving potential air traffic controller recruits special access to answers on the Bio Q to help them gain jobs with the FAA. 
and jeopardizes any shred of credibility of the Bio Q that it had any accurate or 
fair test to determine who should be an air traffic controller. 
cheating may run deeper than first reported, possibly with knowledge at the highest levels of the FAA. 
employees helped applicants cheat on the Bio Q, it is imperative that we expose those responsible and determine how widespread and systemic the misconduct is. 
FAA to appear before the American people to get to the bottom of this troubling discovery. These investigations uncover just how discredited the Bio Q is in any hiring process. 
questions, like who knew about the cheating, when did they know about it, and how did they cover it up, we cannot let the FAA employ people unfairly using the highly flawed Bio Q as a gatekeeper. 
will happen to those who have either failed the Bio Q, aged out of the hiring process, or both. 
Disqualifying highly trained, certified graduates and military veterans because they did or did not play sports in high school is ridiculous. This amendment would restrict funding for the Bio Q, stopping its use by the FAA. 
trust the pilot, the crew, and the air traffic controllers will keep you safe. I have introduced H.R. 1964, the Air Traffic Controllers Hiring Act of 2015, to reverse the effects of the FAA’s policy, restore safety and confidence to air travel, and to make sure we have the best and brightest in our control towers. 
move quickly through the House and have urged the Transportation Committee to hold a hearing on the bill. Now that Aviation Subcommittee Chairman LOBIONDO has cosponsored 
the legislation, I am looking forward to the committee’s consideration. 
to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ), my good friend and colleague. 
the gentleman for yielding and for his work on this amendment and on the bill. 
year, the FAA switched course on its hiring process by moving from the AT SAT, which was a triedandtrue, knowledgebased test, to a biodata assessment. The change had a tremendous impact on the 36 Air Traffic Collegiate Training Initiative schools. 
I have one of the best of these schools 
in my district, Lewis University. Lewis 2 years ago won the Loening Trophy as the best aviation program in the Nation. 
Lewis and these other schools because of the advantages that CTI schools provided under the old hiring system. They decided at a young age to enroll 
in a program fostered by the FAA and were given the opportunity to excel on the ATSAT, which was unfairly pulled out from under them. 
step in the right direction towards fixing the misguided policy change that had a negative impact on students and the universities that invested significant resources in training our future generations of air traffic controllers. 
amendment should not come at the cost of slowing down the hiring of air traffic controllers. We have already suffered from a hiring and training slowdown and cannot afford further delays to staffing an essential safety function of the FAA. 
Our hardworking air traffic controllers are already understaffed, and Congress must ensure that we are increasing their ranks quickly and with well trained air traffic controllers. 
Mr. HULTGREN. I thank my colleague from Illinois, and I would also urge my colleagues to support this passage and to make sure that we continue to have the safest air traffic control towers in the world. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
actually understand and, frankly, listened very intently to the gentleman’s concerns, and I actually want to work with him to make sure that nothing is used that is absolutely arbitrarily, or frankly, totally unfair. And so I think the gentleman’s concerns are very, very valid. 
why I say ‘‘very reluctantly’’ have to oppose, because, again, at this moment, I am concerned, hearing the other gentleman from Illinois mention the fact that we want to make sure that we don’t slow down the hiring of the air traffic controllers. We need to hire another 1,500 new controllers in 2016. 
So I not only appreciate the gentleman’s concerns, but I, in fact, potentially could share a lot of his concerns. 
because I am concerned about potentially slowing down the hiring of new controllers, I reluctantly have to oppose his amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act for Amtrak capital grants may be used for projects off the Northeast Corridor until the level of capital spending by Amtrak for capital projects on the Northeast Corridor during fiscal year 2016 equals the amount of Amtrak’s profits from Northeast Corridor operations during fiscal year 2015. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
begin my comments, I would like to thank Chairman DIAZBALART and 
My amendment seeks to prioritize investment in Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor, which is its most heavily traveled route, by ensuring that operating profits that are earned there stay there. 
Last year, Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor line earned nearly $500 million in operating profit. More than 100,000 Americans get on a train that travels along the Northeast Corridor every day, but instead of reinvesting those dollars into improvements in the line’s infrastructure, much of that money was sent across the country, used to subsidize moneylosing, longdistance Amtrak routes. This has left Amtrak’s most heavily traveled route less funded, and it has delayed needed improvements to Amtrak’s only line that actually turns a profit. 
ensure that the dollars Amtrak earns along the Northeast Corridor are invested into improvements in the line’s infrastructure. It will make travel along Amtrak’s most heavily used route safer, and it will also do so without adding to the taxpayers’ burden. 
This amendment will codify the principle that was passed in the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act, and I might add that that was approved with more than 300 votes in this House earlier this year. This tracks that same principle. And that legislation passed with the leadership of my friend and fellow Pennsylvanian, Chairman BILL 
direct capital investments into the Northeast Corridor, where it is needed most. 
Americans rode an Amtrak train between Boston and Washington last year. Many more used rail lines like 
SEPTA or MetroNorth, operating on tracks owned by Amtrak, to get to work every day. The tragic derailment in my own area of Philadelphia last month has shown that there is a desperate need to improve the line and strengthen capital investments in the region. 
makes smart investment decisions and directs capital spending where it is needed most. It will help Amtrak tackle the backlog of capital projects that plague the Northeast Corridor. It will reduce delays. It will mean safer, more efficient travel for millions of Americans who rely on Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor every year. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
that goes into this bill and there is a lot of work that goes into the amendments, but I will tell you that the gentleman from Pennsylvania has worked nonstop to find real solutions to deal with making sure that Amtrak is safe and, in particular, that the Northeast Corridor is as viable and as safe as possible. So I just must commend the gentleman for his hard work, for the way that he has just worked this issue day in, day out to get to the point where we are today. 
Chair, I wish to claim the time in opposition. 
Chair, I too want to commend my colleague for offering this amendment. I understand his intent. There are significant capital needs on the busy Northeast Corridor. It is Amtrak’s busiest and most successful corridor. It is a fundamental flaw of this bill that we are unable to provide for the kind of investments that the service in that corridor warrants and, indeed, that the service of Amtrak nationwide warrants. 
fear, in the environment of inadequate investment, this would provide a much needed boost in investment in the Northeast Corridor. It may be still not enough, but it would do so at the expense of the rest of the Amtrak network, and that should give us pause when we consider this amendment. 
The amendment would require Amtrak to spend at least $1.2 billion—the annual amount of Northeast Corridor revenues—on Northeast Corridor capital projects before they could spend any of their Federal capital funding elsewhere. This would have the effect of halting all capital projects that are not on the Northeast Corridor, including all information technology, upgraded safety technology, until very late in the fiscal year at the earliest, 
and possibly longer, should projects on the Northeast Corridor not be ready to advance. This would also hinder Amtrak’s ability to manage State and longdistance service. 
are probably not my colleague’s intent, but it does demonstrate the types of consequences that we need to consider when making such a policy change. I ask colleagues to vote against this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEEHAN. Madam Chair, before I 
close my comments, I think it is important to recognize that the same principle has already been adopted by 318 Members of this body, including a near unanimous vote by my colleague from the other side of the aisle, his colleagues on that side of the aisle. 
I will also say that I am not sure that 
the gentleman understands the actual effect of the bill. It simply is to reinvest the profits that are made on the Northeast Corridor. These are being made by the investments that are being made by the taxpaying people who are purchasing those tickets. We can still look for ways to fund other parts of the system around the country where they can earn their investments on merit. 
that this is a line which is so heavily used, the priorities be placed where they are most needed. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Mr. DIAZBALART. Madam Chairwoman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each 
today to introduce an amendment on an important topic that will undoubtedly have a growing impact not just on our Nation’s agricultural sector, but on our economy as a whole. 
or UAVs, has enormous possibilities for our economy, whether it is providing costeffective means to deliver packages, photographing housing for Realtors, broadcasting sports games, assisting law enforcement with tracking criminals, or providing mobile WiFi hubs for Internet access. However, one vastly underconsidered outcome for UAV technology is that it could potentially transform our Nation’s agricultural sector. 
UAVs to survey cropland, to determine property lines, or to help plan for planting, spraying, watering, or harvesting of crops; however, the potential applications are even greater. Depending on how this technology evolves, UAVs may be equipped with special cameras to determine if crops are dry and need extra water and where and how much should be applied. They may also be used to apply pesticides or fertilizers with precision to ensure that too little or too much isn’t being used. And depending on their sophistication, someday, UAVs may even be used to harvest the food we grow. 
stop there, though. In my district last year, we experienced the worst forest fire in Washington State history, consuming hundreds of thousands of acres. In the future, first responders, the Forest Service, and other stakeholders may be able to use UAVs to monitor the spread of fire to get people out of harm’s way or to better predict where to best apply water and fire retardants. They could even help with identifying dry or overgrown areas in advance to help stakeholders know where treatment is needed, which could prevent fires in the first place. 
the FAA has taken in releasing draft rules regarding UAVs and that the FAA has been more agreeable in allowing testing of UAVs for commercial purposes. 
privacy are enormous concerns being considered by the FAA, it is also important that we do not fall behind other nations in utilizing this technology, which are currently developing and innovating in this industry more rapidly than we are here in the United States. 
is simple. It merely limits FAA’s rulemaking on UAVs if the rules do not take into consideration agricultural applications of UAVs in the rulemaking process. 
doing on this matter, and I hope the final rules that are expected later this year generously allow for the safe testing and commercial use of UAVs, ensuring the amazing agricultural prospects for these technologies are well considered in the process. 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Washington and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
my previous comments, I addressed this amendment, which is in order, and I would just submit those comments to be used for this particular amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Fair Housing Act’s Discriminatory Effects Standard’’, published by the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the Federal Register on February 15, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 11460; Docket No. FR5508F02). 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today, as I have done in the past, to offer an amendment that attempts to restore some sanity, fairness, and certainty to our housing market. My amendment would undo harmful economic actions taken by the administration that weaken credit availability and job creation. You see, the Department’s final rule implementing the Fair Housing Act’s discriminatory effects standard establishes regulations 
promoting the use of a legal theory known as disparate impact. 
impact liability allows the government to allege discrimination on the basis of race or other factors based solely on statistical analyses that find disproportionate results among different groups of people and—get this—regardless of any evidence of any actual discriminatory actions or intent. Let me point that out again—regardless of any evidence of actual discrimination. 
uses a completely nondiscriminatory standard to assess credit risk, such as maybe a debttoincome ratio, they can still be found to have discriminated if the data shows different loan approval rates for different groups of consumers. 
must be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. I think that is something everyone here can agree on. But under the example that I just laid out, that lender could even have specific antidiscriminatory practices in play, in other words, he would have rules in his business in place, but still be found liable under this theory. 
Predictably, by creating a presumption of discrimination, this rule will result in a perverse regulatory scheme where lenders, insurers, and landlords would effectively be required to intentionally discriminate among different classes of borrowers. Why? Just to protect themselves from becoming entangled in the regulatory pretzellike logic of this administration. 
So if we specifically consider the examples of homeowner insurance commonly considered factors, including an applicant’s claim history, construction material, the presence or absence of a security system, the distance to the firehouse, well, they could be barred if they were found to result in creating a statistical disparity for a class defined by race or ethnicity or gender. 
You see, sound riskbased lending insurance underwriting and pricing that unintentionally results in a statistical disparate outcome, that is not discrimination; rather, accurate risk identification and classification is absolutely essential to the lending of insurance businesses. 
In addition to being unfair and unwise, the HUD rule is also unnecessary. Why? Because protected class characteristics are already prohibited from consideration in the risk assessment process. 
insurers from recording race, for example. The HUD rule requiring race considerations there turns on its head and violates these laws. You see, all 50 States in this country have antidiscriminatory provisions in their housing insurance regulations, and there is no claim that these have been insufficient. The Federal Government, therefore, should be encouraging sound business practices, not punishing them to utilize them. 
practices can do to our economy already. Although I believe the Supreme Court will strike down disparate impact theory, we should do all we can in our power to rein in an administration policy that will increase the cost and undermine the availability of credit throughout the economy. 
point out, this House recently passed my amendment to the CommerceJusticeScience Appropriations bill that would prevent the DOJ from using this very same theory. 
a stand against this flawed logic and theory and promote sound business practices. 
Chair, I wish to claim the time in opposition. 
in opposition to this amendment. It would nullify a critical enforcement tool that has been used, for example, to rule against discrimination and racially discriminatory zoning requirements, practices that exclude families with children from housing, discrimination by lenders, zoning requirements that discriminate against group homes housing individuals with disabilities. It is a critical enforcement tool, and it would be a very, very bad mistake to pass this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. I am very surprised that this amendment is being brought by my friend, Mr. GARRETT . 
empower HUD’s efforts in enforcing the Fair Housing Act in such a way that relies on the disparate impact doctrine. It weakens our ability to protect Americans from discriminatory policies that deny them access to quality housing, quality neighborhood schools, and other resources. 
very effective legal tool that has been used for decades to address seemingly neutral policies that have the effect of discriminating against protected classes. 
The disparate impact doctrine provides legal redress for victims of hidden discrimination. It ensures that women cannot be evicted from their apartments solely because they were victims of domestic violence, and it ensures that veterans with disabilities are not barred from living in certain places solely because of the lack of accommodations for their disability. This amendment ignores the realities of harmful discrimination in our Nation today, and it would eliminate wellestablished, decadesold protections for American families. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ), another outstanding 
Chair, this amendment would absolutely, totally, and completely allow discrimination against our veterans. If you are a veteran and you need a service animal and if there is an area that is set aside with no pets allowed, that service animal can become a pet. We cannot allow veterans to be discriminated against. 
being a theory, all 11 circuit courts have upheld it. It is not a theory. It is a standard. It is a standard that the courts adhere to, and it is a standard we ought not abrogate. We must continue. 
I am absolutely, totally, and completely opposed to this amendment, and I beg that my colleagues would go on record as being opposed to it as well. 
am wary of considering an amendment on a rule and regulation that is currently pending before the Supreme Court. The sponsor of the amendment is a good man, but I would hope that we would wait for the Court to issue its ruling and then the committee of jurisdiction can properly debate and consider what, if any, legislative action should be taken. For those reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
for yielding me the time, and I strenuously urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this particular amendment. 
The fact is that residential segregation in this country has limited opportunities for people for so many years. And I don’t mean segregation just in terms of race—people who are excluded because of race, because of gender, because of all types of reasons. 
no place, then we will be precluded from looking into how disparity just causes people to have different chances to live the American Dream. We will be consigned to having to find a smoking gun or intent before we can take action to try to make this country fairer and more open. 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
from New Jersey has 1 minute remaining. Mr. GARRETT. The gentleman said, 
‘‘The fact is.’’ Well, everything we have heard for the last 5 minutes as the facts has absolutely nothing to do with this bill. This bill has nothing to do with vets and service animals. This bill has nothing to do with domestic violence and women not being able to be in the house. This has nothing to do with any of the weakening of State standards whatsoever. 
if a lender to you says that you live in a wooden house versus a stone house, there might be different rates for your insurance. It says that, if your house is miles from a fire department and your house is right next to the firehouse, there might be different rates for the insurance and the mortgages and the loans you get on that house. Those are not discriminatory practices. Those are reasonable practices that businesses enter into. It has nothing to do with all of the examples just given. 
go after and prosecute when there is evidence of discrimination and intentional discrimination. This bill will not end that. This bill will not end your ability to look into the examples the last gentleman just raised. It would simply say that businesses should be allowed to use standard rationales in their risk analysis, whether it is debt toincome ratio or construction materials and the like. 
other reasons I have already said and the host of organizations that support this legislation, and that this House just passed last week on the CJS bill, we should do so again tonight. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GARRETT. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment simply says that the United States Government should not give appropriations and pay contracts for people or companies who have been found to have willful or repeated violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act. In other words, if you have repeatedly and willfully stolen the wages of workers and you have a Federal contract, then you are not the kind of contractor who the American people, through the U.S. Congress, want to do business with. 
ever have to worry that her employer will refuse to pay her when she works overtime or take money out of her paycheck, especially if she works for a Federal contractor. The practice is known as wage theft. Right now, Federal contractors who violate the Fair Labor Standards Act are still allowed to apply for Federal contracts. 
This amendment, which my colleagues from the Progressive Caucus join me in, will ensure that funds may not be used to enter into a contract with a government contractor that willfully or repeatedly violates the Fair Labor Standards Act. The amendment ensures that those in violation of the law do not get taxpayer support and should not get the rewards that other good contractors receive. 
It is important to point out to Members contemplating this amendment that, if you are a contractor who pays your workers on time, who does what you are supposed to do, who has avoided willful violations and repeated violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act, you should not, as a good contractor, have to compete with somebody who gets a competitive advantage by stealing the pay of their workers. We should have good contractors competing for contracts, not contractors who make willful, repeated violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
This amendment relies upon violations reported to the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System. 
That system looks back 5 years to review criminal, civil, or administrative agency actions which have a final disposition. 
This amendment differs from previous amendments that I have offered similar to it because it targets actors who willfully or repeatedly engage in wage theft. The amendment would ensure that a single inadvertent violation would not disqualify a contractor, but it would show clearly that someone who had made repeated and willful violations would not be able to benefit from the contract. 
this particular amendment because a penny worked for and a penny earned must be a penny paid; particularly when that penny is derived from a company with a Federal contract, we have 
a right to believe that we are going to be treated in an honest way. 
Chair, I want to commend my friend from Minnesota for offering this amendment. Every worker is entitled to receive pay, fair pay, for the hours they work. We know, unfortunately, there are employers, as the gentleman has stated, who refuse to pay for overtime, who make their employees work off the clock, who refuse to pay the minimum wage. These things go on. 
The least we can do is take steps to 
ensure that those employers don’t receive new Federal contracts. That is what the gentleman’s amendment does. I commend him for offering it and urge colleagues to support him. 
to thank the gentleman for the support for this amendment. 
Let me just point out a few things for 
this question and found that in total, the average lowwage worker loses a stunning $2,600 a year in unpaid wages, representing about 15 percent of their earned income. 
and Republicans can agree on is that, if you break your back on the job all day long trying to earn a living and you don’t get paid what you are supposed to get paid and your check is light, we all have to agree that that is wrong. 
I expect to have an all green board up 
there because to do otherwise would say that you want to stand on the side of the wage thieves, the ones who are willfully and repeatedly making violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
Congress, we should stand together and say a penny worked is a penny that is going to be paid, and we are going to insist upon it. 
breaking the law is a bipartisan problem. Nobody can stand with the contractors who do this. It is one thing to underpay your workers in a way that is consistent with the law by paying them the Federal minimum wage rate—I want to raise it; we may not agree on that—but for sure, we have got to agree that, for people who work for Federal contractors, we have got to insist that the contractors who pay these workers even less than they have earned should not benefit from a Federal contract. 
this, and to help the honest Federal contractors, we have to do this. 
claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
is so broad that, for example, a contractor could be excluded for something as minor as failing to display a poster in a break room. Again, it is well intentioned. 
fund a lot of contracts in this bill, everything from phone service to the computer systems that ensure an orderly and efficient air space. Potentially, this amendment could eliminate a number of those transportationindustrydependent contracts. 
lawbreaking; but, because it is so broadly drafted, the unintended consequences, I think, that folks could be caught in this are a lot more than I think many folks understand. 
amendment, I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . EMMER OF  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may used to carry out any enrichment as defined in Appendix A to part 611 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for any New Start grant request. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chair, I rise to address an issue that is playing a role in crippling America’s transportation system by driving our deficits and exacerbating the need for bailouts of the highway trust fund. As we debate how to fund transportation, one of the most vital functions of government, this body is being forced to make hard choices. 
bill to the floor. Their work is definitely appreciated by me and my constituents. That said, it is inconceivable to me that, as we kick the can on a longterm transportation authorization bill, we continue to allow frivolous spending on transit projects. 
projects are to my State and my district, one would think that every last available dollar would go towards ensuring transit New Starts have the funding needed to make a line operational and as cost effective as possible. 
happening. Within Federal grant applications, extras are being included that can dramatically raise the cost of transit New Starts. 
Excessive enrichments such as artwork, landscaping, and bicycle and pedestrian improvements such as sidewalks, paths, plazas, site and station furniture, site lighting, signage, public artwork, bike facilities, and permanent fencing are included in the overall grant application. 
Even more shocking is that the Federal Transit Administration doesn’t include these extra costs into the costeffective measurements for the overall cost of the project which serves to deceive taxpayers and Congress as to the project’s real price tag. 
have cities that have placed a moratorium on new business development due to severe transportation issues. It is insane to me and my constituents that we blindly spend money on the niceties rather than prioritize funds for the necessities. 
Federal highway trust fund continues to run deficits and we will continue to have that debate; but one place that we can agree, certainly, is that Federal taxpayers should absolutely not be paying for things like artwork, furniture, lighting, and bike racks while transportation projects remain unfinished across America. 
transit projects—I have them in my district—which is why I have offered this amendment. We should make funds available to ensure more Federal dollars go to what the hardworking taxpayers who fund these accounts expect, transit projects, rather than expensive addons that are driving deficits in our transit accounts. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Chair, in considering this amendment, it is important to be very clear about what the amendment means when it refers to enrichments. 
transit project like a sidewalk, paths, plazas, lighting, and signage, things 
that can help individuals in utilizing transportation infrastructure and ensure that they do so in safety. 
are approximately 4,000 pedestrian deaths, comprising 14 percent of overall traffic fatalities each year. These enrichments are just the kinds of projects that could help reduce the risk for pedestrians, for bicyclers, and other users of our systems. 
amendment is just bordering on ridicule when he talks about site lighting. Really, site lighting? What is more important to promoting safety, promoting visibility, and discouraging those who would prey on individuals than site lighting? 
in improving general safety in public places. It is incredibly important for protecting individuals against crime, including harassment and assault. That is what we are talking about here. 
towards such enrichments is small relative to other expenditures, but it is a commonsense way that we can enhance our transportation projects, we can broaden their use, and, above all, we can ensure that they are safe for all users. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Madam 
I have the utmost respect for my colleague from North Carolina, but he actually makes the argument for the amendment as opposed to opposed to it. 
pedestrians when you talk about signage, when you talk about certain lighting, when you talk about certain enhancements that are addons to the project that the Federal Government and the Federal taxpayer dollars are intended to fund. 
be going to the transit project that it is intended for, instead of all the extras. The local authorities should be responsible for those. 
to support the amendment. It is a clearcut amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the spending 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. BASS. Madam Chair, as the economy continues to recover, 8.5 million Americans are still unemployed. Meanwhile, the effectiveness of local transportation agencies to spur job creation in their local communities is unnecessarily obstructed by restrictive Department of Transportation policies. 
to contribute to targeted job growth is detrimental to local economies across the United States, especially in communities where many remain jobless. 
Local hiring and procurement policies have helped to provide quality job opportunities to residents in communities hardest hit by the economic downturn. 
to help spur local job creation through federally funded transportation projects nationally. 
Department of Transportation from issuing regulations that prevent local hiring. Specifically, it would limit the regulations and burdens placed on local governmental agencies, preserve the competition and costeffectiveness mandates in our current rules that govern Federal transit grants, and give local transportation agencies the necessary flexibility to apply geographically targeted preferences when making hiring decisions for federally funded transit and highway projects. 
hire amendment does not require transportation agencies to implement local hiring policies. It simply gives local leaders the opportunity to do so if they determine it is in the best interest of their communities. 
to support this important amendment. It will reduce burdensome regulations and spur local job creation. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to institute an administrative or civil action (as defined in section 47107 of title 49, United States Code) against the sponsor of the East Hampton Airport in East Hampton, NY. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
proud to represent a district that is home to some of the most scenic destinations in the country, and all forms of transportation are part of our tourism economy. Yet, with the high season upon us, many of my constituents are finding themselves bewildered by actions of the FAA. Federal agencies ought to stand by their word and keep their commitments to Members of Congress and to the citizens we represent. 
my predecessor that, in light of a 2005 court settlement between the FAA and a community group, the town of East Hampton, New York, would not be subject to certain regulations after December 31, 2014, when certain grant assurances expired and, thus, could adopt restrictions on the use of their airport without FAA approval. 
can proceed on certain course and not fear FAA reprisal for their actions. Earlier this spring, the democratically elected town board passed a set of airport regulations—all predicated on the FAA’s written assurance to not take negative action against the town. Recently, however, the FAA has started wavering. 
is 100 percent consistent with the prior written assurance made by the FAA. This amendment will hold the FAA to its word on this critical local issue, a local issue that should have a local solution—bring all sides to the table to improve the quality of life on the East End this high season. 
Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this effort. The people of the East End communities across Long Island and around America deserve straight answers and follow through from government agencies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, I do this, though, simply to express some concerns about this amendment and others like it that we have heard over the course of this debate. 
I do have some concerns about limiting flight path options for the FAA in a piecemeal fashion from the floor of the House. The FAA needs to have appropriate flexibility to use flight paths in the wisest ways, particularly if there are safety risks for incoming or outgoing aircraft. I do think, however, that the FAA needs to take note and be more responsive to the concerns that have been raised in these limitation amendments, and there have been several this evening and in the prior days of this debate. 
authorization expires at the end of the fiscal year. Now, as I mentioned in the debate last week, our colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee are exploring options to reform the FAA, including separating the FAA from the Department of Transportation, allowing it more independence over the use of its resources. 
to encourage caution, to encourage our colleagues to think very carefully about a more independent FAA, one that does not have to rely on annual appropriations. Would it be as attentive to concerns such as those raised by communities and by our colleagues here tonight? We ought to move very cautiously in this area. 
I strongly urge the FAA Administrator, in observing this parade of limitation amendments, to take note to ensure that the FAA is more attentive to the concerns that are raised by communities when developing their new flight procedures. 
the gentleman from North Carolina for his comments. Certainly, concerns within the First Congressional District of New York are the reason this amendment is being offered. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this important amendment so as to ensure that these local issues have local control. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Election (MOE) Assignment for home equity conversion mortgages (as set forth in Mortgagee Letter 201503, dated January 29, 2015), allowing additional flexibility for nonborrowing spouses to meet its requirements; and 
in the case of any other home equity conversion mortgage that— 
died and who has a nonborrowing surviving spouse who does not qualify for the Mortgagee Optional Election and who, but for the death of such borrowing spouse, would be able to remain in the dwelling subject to the mortgage. 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
There was no objection. Mr. DIAZBALART. Madam Chair, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
When I was first elected in 1987, Congress created the first nationwide Home Equity Conversion Mortgage program. Also known as reverse mortgages, these loans differ from traditional mortgages and have very good intentions. They are designed to help seniors stay in their homes by using the values of their properties as a means for living more stable and independent lives. Since the borrowers must be 62 years of age or older, lenders often advise some borrowers to remove younger spouses from the titles. This allows them to be eligible for the program or to qualify for greater loans. Unfortunately, Madam Chair, many seniors are experiencing challenges in the program’s actual operation. 
Mrs. Helen Griffin, reached out to my office last year. She and her husband took out a reverse mortgage on their home. In order to qualify, she agreed to be taken off the title. The lender promised that she could be added back on the title at a later date if they refinanced. Unfortunately, she and her husband had no idea how expensive refinancing would be. Like so many others, Mrs. Griffin was now in a dangerous financial situation. Upon the reverse mortgage borrower’s death, a surviving spouse is required to pay the full balance due on the loan—or 95 percent of the value of the property—simply to remain in their home. 
like Mrs. Griffin and allow them more time to protect themselves from foreclosure. I think we must do everything in our power to inform and protect unknowing senior couples from the danger of not only losing their loved ones but also their nest eggs. 
gentleman from Florida and his staff for working so hard on this legislation and for making a commitment to this issue. I look forward to continuing to work with the gentleman to make sure that we do all that we can to realize 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
again, I am here one more year, offering another amendment to end this incredible waste of taxpayer dollars. 
on highspeed rail. Highspeed rail has a future in the United States. It just can’t be done as it is being done in California—$70 billion over budget and completely changed from the proposition that the voters originally voted on. If the Governor and the Obama administration are committed to bringing this highspeed rail to fruition, then it should go back before the voters and actually uphold the will of the voters. 
This is a case study. If you want to 
get it wrong, if you want to end high speed rail across the Nation, then go ahead and continue to waste dollars in California on a project that continues to have many different flaws. This authority in California is not only demolishing homes, but it is demolishing businesses. The only way they can continue to get rightofway is through eminent domain—slashing farms, tearing down businesses, and now kicking people out of their homes. 
Today, it was announced that, instead of ending the initial construction segment in the outskirts of Bakersfield, the rail work will now stop just north of Shafter—a full 8 miles of what the original segment was—with still no operating segment that will allow people to travel from one end of the State to the other or even from one end of the valley to the other. Currently, if you ride Amtrak from north to south, you have to get off in Bakersfield, get on a bus, go over the mountains, and take that bus until it hits rail in the LA area. Now we are going to have a bus in Shafter. This just doesn’t make any sense. They continue to change over and over again. In the wake of Amtrak accident 188 
and with the incredible focus on safety that is necessary to pass PTC across the country, why wouldn’t we take highspeed rail dollars and actually fix the safety improvements that need to be done in California? Where is the commitment to safety? Let’s fix the positive train control and make sure that our trains in California are safe, and let’s end this project that continues to waste taxpayer dollars. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, this amendment is a new twist on an amendment that the gentleman from California has been offering over the last few years. The net result, however, is the same. It would stop the development of California highspeed rail in its tracks, so to speak. 
Federal Railroad Administration from administering the funding that California received under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. This would have the effect of preventing the FRA staff from providing routine project delivery oversight or invoicing on all of the environmental work funded under the grant agreement. 
to conduct oversight on the projects that receive Federal funding? 
funds set to expire at the end of fiscal year 2017, the amendment would make it virtually impossible for the California HighSpeed Rail Authority to spend all of its funding by the deadline. It would put the completion of the project in grave jeopardy. In January, Governor Brown and other California leaders came together to mark the commencement of construction for California’s highspeed rail project. The project is expected to create 20,000 jobs per year. 
one from industry and one from labor groups. Both support the California highspeed rail project. 
HUD, and Related Agencies, Committee on Appropriations, House of Representatives, Washington DC. 
Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Transportation, HUD, and Related Agencies, Committee on Appropriations, House of Representatives, Washington DC. 
for public works investment, including recent efforts to develop, construct and deliver highspeed intercity passenger rail service for the first time in American history. Specifically, we oppose the inclusion of harmful riders in the fiscal year (FY) 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act that would target or impede efforts to construct any specific highspeed rail projects, including the California HighSpeed Rail program. 
an inflection point, and this will be a pivotal year as the U.S. Congress deliberates Federal 
highway, transit, rail and aviation policy bills, and debates how to fund Federal transportation programs that will meet our Nation’s future mobility needs. Meanwhile, the State of California, in partnership with the Federal government, has made significant investments in intercity highspeed passenger rail. In January, the California High Speed Rail Authority (the Authority) hosted a ‘‘Groundbreaking Ceremony’’ for the California HighSpeed Rail program to mark the commencement of sustained construction, which will accelerate this year and create 20,000 jobs annually for the next five years. Additionally, the bids on the Authority’s first two construction contracts, valued at almost $2.2 billion, came in significantly under budget. 
To date, the State of California has committed the majority of the funding that has been committed to build the program’s initial operating section. And last year, the Authority secured the ongoing appropriation of 25 percent of all future California State Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund auction proceeds for the highspeed rail program—a dedicated revenue stream capable of producing hundreds of millions of dollars annually for direct funding or financing. The private sector is now also exhibiting a great deal of interest in investing in the program. 
bold vision that does big things, and we believe that robust investment in infrastructure benefits our industry and the American public. Congressional efforts to impede new public works projects in any one state send the wrong message to local, state and private sector investors in every state who are willing to invest in sorely needed new infrastructure projects in any mode of transportation. 
program represents the first ever effort to build an intercity highspeed passenger rail system in this country. California is at the forefront of developing an entirely new American industry where investments in and the development of new technologies, manufacturing capabilities, and innovative business practices will create highskilled, good paying jobs and benefit American public works for decades. The Authority is also operating under a Community Benefits Agreement with skilled building trades and contractors to promote training and apprenticeship programs and provide opportunities for disadvantaged workers. Halting or impeding this seminal program at its outset will set our industry back and jeopardize thousands of new middleclass jobs. 
Rail program may serve as model of a Federal, state, industry and labor partnership that creates jobs, links economies and communities, preserves our environment and builds a sustainable future. Therefore, we respectfully oppose the inclusion of harmful riders in the fiscal year (FY) 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act that would target or impede efforts to construct any specific highspeed rail project, including the California HighSpeed Rail program. 
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; Brotherhood of Railway Signalmen; International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers; International Brotherhood of Boilermakers; International Union of Operating Engineers; North America’s Building Trades Unions; SMART Transportation Division; State Building and Construction Trades Council of California; Transportation Communications International 
Union; Transportation Trades Department, AFL–CIO; Transport Workers Union International; UNITE HERE! 
Subcommittee on Transportation, HUD, and Related Agencies, Committee on Appropriations, U.S. Senate, Washington DC. 
prepare to consider the Senate’s version of the fiscal year (FY) 2016 ‘‘THUD’’ appropriations bill, we are writing to ask you to avoid using the measure to set up roadblocks to transportation investment. Specifically, we wanted to make you aware of policy language contained in the House version of the FY 2016 THUD bill that seeks to block federal approvals for the California high speed rail program. 
other California leaders commemorated the beginning of construction on the nation’s largest infrastructure project: a highspeed railroad connecting Southern and Northern California through the Central Valley. This program, in which the state will be the primary funder, will bring together public and private funds to create a transformative investment for California and the nation. During construction, the program will create 20,000 jobs per year. After it is open, it will help ensure a sustainable and growing economic future for California. 
By including language in its appropriations bill intended to withhold federal support and approvals for the project, the House is sending a message to all the states that major infrastructure projects—even after receiving federal grants and multiple federal approvals—are at risk of being halted in their tracks based on political considerations in Washington, DC. 
OMB Director Shaun Donovan also expressed the Administration’s opposition to the language in the House bill dealing with the California HighSpeed Rail program. 
rail program will serve as model of a Federal, state, industry and labor partnership that creates jobs, links economies and communities, preserves our environment and builds a sustainable future. Therefore, we respectfully request that your subcommittee produce a bill free of any harmful riders in the FY 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act that would impede efforts to construct any specific highspeed rail project, including the California High Speed Rail program. 
administration has been very clear that it strongly opposes provisions in this bill that would restrict the development of highspeed rail. Moreover, the California congressional delegation 
has overwhelmingly opposed these restrictive riders in the past, and I am happy to stand with them again tonight, urging my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. I yield 1
his hard work on curtailing this waste of taxpayer money. 
currently on the Internet about California’s highspeed rail project: ‘‘Why California’s HighSpeed Rail is Off Track’’; ‘‘HighSpeed Rail Brings Fears of Gutted Communities and Noise’’; ‘‘HighSpeed Rail Foes Cite Noise, Property Value Concerns’’; ‘‘Protesters Rail Against HighSpeed Rail Route Proposal’’; ‘‘HighSpeed Rail Opponents Expected to Converge at LA Meeting’’; finally, ‘‘What an Unholy Mess This California Bullet Train Meeting is Going to Be.’’ 
This is all reflected in southern California planning for a route that isn’t even planned yet; yet billions of dollars of the California taxpayers—but even more importantly, in this body, Federal taxpayer dollars—are being planned and spent and will be spent if we don’t stop this here tonight for a route, for a plan, for a project that isn’t even a plan. 
outer space without a plan to bring them back, yet they are hellbent on this project to spend the money as fast as they can without having any idea where the route is going to go; and we are seeing people all over California protest it, for a project that has tripled in price from what the voters saw as Prop 1A just 7 years ago. Yet here we are 7 years later with a groundbreaking that consists of knocking down some of the houses and buildings without any track being laid, without a real project they can actually count on being a true route under Prop 1A from San Francisco to Los Angeles. We need to put a stop to this now. 
have heard, this project is $70 billion over budget. It has a shortfall of $87 billion. If my colleagues in California, if the minority party of this body would like to continue on with this project, then where is the $87 billion? I don’t see a proposal from them, nor do I see a proposal from the Governor for $87 billion. 
you may know, we are going through a big drought in California. We would love to create the jobs. Let’s utilize the billions of dollars that would be spent on highspeed rail over the next several decades on water projects that would actually help our infrastructure, our agriculture, as well as people throughout California. 
There is a good way to spend taxpayer dollars. This is not it. We cannot afford to leave the next generation 
with an $87 billion hole that will continue to not only put California in further debt, but will continue to show that our priorities are misguided. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 11246 (relating to Equal Employment Opportunity). 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a 
American should be fired, denied a job or a place to live for being who they are or because of whom they love. Every American deserves to be treated equally and with dignity. 
change to the text of the bill but make an important difference in the lives of LGBT Americans across the country. President Obama signed an executive order in July 2014 to prohibit Federal contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity against their employees or those seeking employment. This amendment would affirm that order by ensuring that no funds in the bill are used to conflict with the President’s rule. It would demonstrate to the American people that Congress supports fairness and equality for all. 
Today, only 18 States and the District of Columbia have nondiscrimination protections for LGBT communities in sexual orientation and gender identity in both employment and housing. That means that in a number of States an LGBT individual can get married in the morning and fired from his or her job or denied an application in the afternoon for no other reason than the change in marital status. That is unacceptable. As a country that believes in equality for all people, we must do better. 
diversity of the LGBT communities who are enriching our society. As we look forward toward full nondiscrimination, we can help provide at least a small window of equality for all members of the LGBT community by passing this amendment. I urge my colleagues to stand on the side of equality and against discrimination and support this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I simply want to commend him for offering this amendment and offer my enthusiastic support. 
Federal Government doesn’t pay substandard wages, doesn’t do other things that are detrimental in the workplace or that set a low bar, set a low standard. This amendment adds to that, I think, in a very constructive way. It adds to worker protections by preventing any company that does business with the Government from firing employees based on who they are and whom they love. 
Mr. PETERS. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
and civic groups are in danger of being forced to tear down their informational highway signs. Some of these signs have stood for decades. The current law states that religious and civic groups can no longer have signs larger than 8 square feet. That is 2 feet by 4 feet. However, ‘‘Free Coffee’’ signs in the same law are unlimited in size. My amendment would allow churches 
and civic organizations to keep their signs that are larger than 8 square feet. This is a reasonable amendment. It would be beneficial to the safety of the traveling public and allow our Federal Government to focus its resources on more critical infrastructure uses. We need to be focusing on repairing our roads and bridges, not tearing down church signs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, this amendment would suspend enforcement of rules governing the size of billboards for religious organizations and service clubs. These rules have been in place for a long time—since 1975. 
seeking to increase the allowable size of billboards for religious organizations and service clubs from 8 square feet to 32 square feet. This isn’t the appropriate place to deal with this issue. We have barely heard of it before it was offered. We certainly haven’t had extensive deliberations, haven’t heard from State authorities, local authorities, people who have a stake in this. It needs to be reviewed and debated within the context of the surface transportation authorization. 
the midst of working on the new authorization bill right now. That is where I would suggest the gentleman might want to take his concerns. This is not the place here tonight. I urge colleagues to reject this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. I yield 2 minutes to the 
rise today to give my very strong support to this amendment offered by my colleague from Oklahoma. 
regulation. That regulation says that, if you are a church or if you are a civic group or if you are some kind of community organization, you are limited in the size of your sign to 8 square feet, 2 feet by 4 feet; however, if you are a billboard company, you can have 25 feet by 60 feet. This is discrimination against churches and civic groups that I think is inappropriate. 
Oklahoma has weighed in. The State of Oklahoma would like to regulate the signs in the State of Oklahoma. I think that is absolutely not only appropriate, but I think it is constitutional that the State have the right to regulate the signs in its own State. 
Here is the sad part that I would like 
to let people know and understand. If the State of Oklahoma chooses not to enforce this Federal regulation that is discriminatory, then the State of Oklahoma risks losing 10 percent of its Federal funding for roads. This is the Federal Government using Oklahoma taxpayer dollars against the State of Oklahoma. It is Federal bullying. 
This amendment offered by my colleague from Oklahoma is a good amendment. I fully support it, and I highly recommend my colleagues support it. 
civic organizations have better ways to spend their limited resources than tearing down signs. Our States would have more time on their hands to be looking at our roads and bridges if they didn’t have to go out and enforce a law that our State doesn’t even want. If we could simply be focusing on the important issues, like our roads and our bridges, not wasting Federal dollars and State dollars on enforcing an out ofdate law, this wouldn’t even simply be an issue. 
I would urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). 
Mr. GROTHMAN. I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
should look at when we look at this budget is cost, and this is one program that is going up in cost. We are still in a position in this budget in which we anticipate borrowing about 14 percent. We have the $18 trillion debt. 
in this budget by $300 million, which by itself is nothing to sneeze at, but the real reason for this amendment is the perverse incentives in Section 8 and other tenantbased rental assistance programs. 
upon, first, having little or no income. It is wrong to encourage people not to work. As I get around my district, I find so many employers who cannot find employees today, in part, because they feel it pays better not to work. 
program, like so many other programs designed to help poor people, has a huge marriage penalty associated with it. In order to get this lowincome housing, it almost encourages one—it does encourage one—to have children without a mother and father at home. To continue this program or even expand this program to more people is to just destroy the moral fiber of America. 
This amendment is tailored to not include or not reduce lowincome housing for the elderly or disabled. I am aware of the fact that we have people in this country on Social Security maybe making $500 a month, and they may find it very difficult to find anywhere else to live, so I am not chipping away at that part of the program. 
I will give you an example. In my district, I talked to someone who ran one of these lowincome projects—not Section 8, but more of a projectbased one—and they were very proud of what nice, lowincome housing it was. It was very nice, very generous. They pointed out the only thing you needed to do to get these apartments for $25 a month was to not have a job. Now, can you imagine anything so foolish as to encourage people to not have a job? 
passes. I hope there is nobody else in this room who would have any objection to this commonsense amendment designed to restore the moral fiber that made America great. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, if there is an air of familiarity about this amendment and what the gentleman has just said about his amendment, listeners may want to tune in and remind themselves of virtually this same amendment being offered last week. 
based Section 8 housing—a program, by the way, that conservatives should love because it is market based and the tenants pay a substantial portion of their income in rent—tenantbased Section 8 housing in this bill is just barely held even, with more or less level funding. Of course, other things in the bill are treated much worse. 
there is too much money in this bill, too much investment, with thousands on waiting lists across this country. This amendment would certainly increase those waiting lists. 
cut; this week, it is a $300 million cut— so not quite as many people would be evicted. This week, the gentleman is saying that the elderly and the disabled would not be evicted. Who does that leave? It leaves everybody else; it leaves working families. 
I ask anyone in this body to go to 
their local community house authority and ask about those waiting lists. Ask 
how many people are waiting for a roof over their head who are willing to work, willing to participate in financing, but need a leg up, the kind of support that tenantbased and project based Section 8 represents. 
would offer this amendment in a bill that is already at rock bottom. 
amendment, just as we did last week, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
hope that, by the time this budget rolls around next year, you see the wisdom of the amendment. 
when they find waiting lists for this sort of program. If you are handing out apartments for $25 a month, of course, there are going to be waiting lists; so that is not surprising. Even then, there are certain areas in my State, in my district, where they are trying to find people who are not in the local area to fill these units because there is an excess of units. 
think about the perverse incentives you have in a program in which, the more you work, the more your rent goes up. In order to get in, in the first place, you almost can’t work at all; and, secondly, what the longterm effect on our society is if you would tell somebody that, if they raise a child out of wedlock, you get a free, airconditioned, maybe twobedroom, twobath apartment, but if you get married to somebody with a job, you lose that apartment—is that the type of incentive we want for the next generation? 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
talked about in that last amendment applies to this amendment, with one additional thing that people should find offensive, because here we are dealing with projectbased rental assistance. 
people not to work very hard, not only are we encouraging people not to raise children in an oldfashioned nuclear family, we are also kind of having a strong element of corporate welfare here, too, which is something I don’t care for. 
Over time, we have this kind of industry growing up in which you operate lowincome housing. In some ways, I assume people are entering into it because it is more profitable than a pure, free market sort of thing; and I would think that people who are opposed to corporate welfare ought to be opposed to it for that reason as well. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Chair, here we go again with, once again, a reprisal of the amendment offered last week and rejected. 
The amendment offered tonight separates that amendment in two: tenant based Section 8, projectbased Section 8. 
any of this assisted housing. It behooves us to reflect on some numbers, I think. On any given night, 575,000 of our constituents are homeless, absolutely homeless. That is 50,000 veterans, by the way. 
these Section 8 projects, and the waiting lists often have thousands of names. They finally get into Section 8. They are paying a large proportion of their income in rent. They are struggling to get a leg up and struggle to find jobs. 
By the way, how likely is one to find 
a job if one is homeless? If you are talking about selfreliance, isn’t it better to have a roof over your head and have some of the basics of life so you can go out and seek work? 
Evictions, we are talking about evictions here. How does kicking out children and how does kicking out families promote marriage, for goodness’ sake? How does it promote wedlock? How does it promote selfreliance? It is likely to promote destitution and desperation. 
plead with colleagues, look at this amendment closely. Think about what we stand for. Think about the fact that this bill is already inadequate. Let’s not make it worse. 
like to clarify something in the amendment. The amendment does not apply to people who were receiving rental assistance—and neither did the other amendment—prior to October 1 of this year. It is not a matter of kicking people out; it is a matter of not putting any further people on. 
Furthermore, I think we have to discuss how generous this benefit is. There are so many people in our society who are living with parents, living with other family members, living with roommates, and working to afford that rent. To give somebody a freestanding apartment—some of these are very nice apartments, twobedroom, twobath, airconditioned apartments—without having to work at all to receive that apartment is just a horrible incentive. 
in his district and talk to people who live in the neighborhoods where they have these subsidized projects. One of the things I find is that sometimes people who live in maybe highend areas and are not familiar with these get confused. 
know people who live in this subsidized housing, you will have no problem finding many anecdotes of people who are clearly not hurting materially; and, in order to keep their subsidies going, they cannot work, work harder, or get raises. Above all, they can’t get married. 
whether we ought to continue these programs that are around year after year after year or whether it is high time to look at these programs; change the underlying qualifications; change the time limits; change the amount that has to be paid; and, quite frankly, also sometimes look at the very generous accommodations that the government is providing, quite frankly, more generous accommodations than a lot of people who are working quite hard have. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used to acquire a camera for the purpose of collecting or storing vehicle license plate numbers. 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
from California. Mr. ISSA. Madam Chair, this amendment reflects a simple principle. The government does not and should not have unchecked power to track American citizens. 
There are many very legitimate reasons to observe license plates using camera technology. Every day in America, law enforcement drives through neighborhoods looking for stolen cars. Cameras and computers identify the number of that plate and run it against a database to see if it is stolen. 
that data. The bulk collection of the location of every American’s automobile is well beyond a reasonable standard. It is a difficult one, but it is simple in this case. 
provide money for cameras that indiscriminately bulk collect information on where you are at all times. I hope that this amendment will spark a healthy dialogue similar to the one we had on the PATRIOT Act, one in which we agreed that with a court order you can collect this kind of data, with a court order you can seek it, with a known database of stolen cars or wanted criminals, you can compare a camera image. 
your location of your car, 24 hours a day, using thousands, tens of thousands or perhaps millions of cameras, is far too ‘‘1984’’ for Members of this body or the American people. 
Chair, this amendment is wellintentioned, I realize, but I think it is an overreach and certainly not appropriate for this appropriations bill. 
can serve as a helpful clue to investigators. They can produce leads in criminal cases. This information is also used routinely by law enforcement and by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to help find missing children. 
I understand there are legitimate privacy concerns. I share those concerns. But there is already a Federal law that governs the use of such data. The data is not used to track citizens in real time, despite what some assert. 
Putting restrictions on law enforcement’s ability to obtain and use this license plate information without really fully exploring the facts or giving due consideration to the consequences, this needs to be done by the appropriate committees. But doing it here tonight seems risky and unreasonable, actually, to expect us to legislate on this matter in the context of this appropriations bill. 
RECORD a letter from the Fraternal Order of Police and other law enforcement entities asking Congress not to limit the use of this information. 
Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. HARRY M. R EID, 
Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to express our concern about continued efforts to portray automated license plate recognition (ALPR) as an ongoing, national realtime tracking system operated by law enforcement. This is emphatically not the case. 
misunderstanding as to how ALPR technology is deployed and used by law enforcement and other public safety agencies. Many people, including members of Congress, are under the impression that this technology is being used by our national security apparatus to geotrack our citizens and monitor their movements. Indeed, a Dear Colleague letter circulated last year in support of an amendment defunding this technology was entitled, ‘‘Stop NSAlike geotracking of innocent Americans.’’ 
This is not the case. To begin with, ALPR 
data is simply a photograph of a vehicle’s license plate in a public place at a particular point in time. Geotracking is the use of Global Positioning System (GPS) data to track over time the movement of a specific electronic device capable of emitting GPS location information. Conversely, ALPR data is collected anonymously without personally identifying information. A government agency with access to ALPR data may connect that data to personal information from a State’s vehicle registration system, but if they do so without a legitimate law enforcement or public safety purpose, then they are in violation of the Drivers’ Privacy Protection Act. Any other use of the data would be an unjustifiable violation of privacy and Federal law. 
enforcement agencies use ALPR data every day to generate leads in criminal investigations, apprehend murderers, respond to Amber and Silver alerts, find missing children, recover stolen vehicles, and protect our borders. Even something as simple as the use of cameras at traffic lights and toll booths has a beneficial impact on the safety of our roadways. 
difference between the use of ALPR technology and an officer taking down license plate information along with the time, date and location is the efficiency by which the data is collected. Every State in the Republic mandates that every vehicle have a mounted and clearly visible license plate for the specific purpose of contributing to public safety, whether the data is collected by a fellow citizen, law enforcement officer or camera. 
With these facts in mind, it is our hope 
that Congress will recognize the substantial benefits this technology makes to public safety and oppose any legislation or amendment that would restrict the use of ALPR by law enforcement. 
of the Fraternal Order of Police, I thank you 
for your consideration of our views. If I can 
provide any further information about law enforcement’s use of ALPR technology, please do not hesitate to contact me or Executive Director Jim Pasco in my Washington office. 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , 
are deeply concerned about efforts to portray automated license plate recognition (ALPR) technology as a national realtime tracking capability for law enforcement. The fact is that this technology and the data it generates is not used to track people in real time. ALPR is used every day to generate investigative leads that help law enforcement solve murders, rapes, and serial property crimes, recover abducted children, detect drug and human trafficking rings, find stolen vehicles, apprehend violent criminal alien fugitives, and support terrorism investigations. 
government tracking of individuals using ALPR information. This has led to attempts to curtail law enforcement’s use of the technology without a proper and fair effort to truly understand the anonymous nature of the data, how it is used, and how it is protected. 
We are seeing harmful proposals—appropriations amendments and legislation—to restrict or completely ban law enforcement’s use of ALPR technology and data without any effort to truly understand the issue. Yet, any review would make clear that the value of this technology is beyond question, and that protections against misuse of the data by law enforcement are already in place. That is one of the reasons why critics are hardpressed to identify any actual instances of misuse. 
are successful, federal, state, and local law enforcement’s ability to investigate crimes will be significantly impacted given the extensive use of the technology today. 
and transparent discussion about ALPR. We believe strong measures can be taken to ensure citizens’ privacy while enabling law enforcement investigators to take advantage of the technology. Strict data access controls, mandatory auditing of all use of ALPR systems, and regular reporting on the use of the technology and data prevent misuse of the capability while enabling law enforcement to make productive use of it. Adoption and enforcement of strong policies on the use of ALPR and other technologies by individual law enforcement agencies would also help. 
and Senate to understand and recognize the substantial daily benefits of this technology to protect the public and investigate dangerous criminals. We urge opposition to any bill or amendment that would restrict the use of ALPR without full consideration of the issue. 
J. Thomas Manger, Chief of Police, Montgomery County Police Department, President, Major Cities Chiefs Police Association; Chief Richard Beary, President, International Association of Chiefs of Police; 
Mike Sena, Director, Northern California Regional Intelligence Center, President, National Fusion Center Association; Ronald C. Sloan, Director, Colorado Bureau of Investigation, President, Association of State Criminal Investigative Agencies; Sheriff Donny Youngblood, President, Major County Sheriffs’ Association; Bob Bushman, President, National Narcotic Officers’ Associations’ Coalition; Jonathan Thompson, Executive Director, National Sheriffs’ Association; William Johnson, Executive Director, National Association of Police Organizations; Mike Moore, President, National District Attorneys Association; Andrews Matthews, Chairman, National Troopers Coalition. 
opposition to the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
respect the gentleman’s opinion, but we are not legislating on this appropriations bill. What we are doing is determining that the relevant committees of jurisdiction have not authorized broad collection of data of the American people. 
not authorized this sort of proactive tracking of people because, at some point, someday there may be a reason to use that database. So, in fact, it is perfectly appropriate not to spend the money, not to authorize the money until or unless the authorizing committees have made a thorough decision of what should be authorized and what safeguards need to be in order. 
until such time as a legislating amendment or authorization from a committee can, in fact, ensure that we both authorize law enforcement to collect and protect the privacy of American citizens because, ultimately, these are the taxpayer dollars of the American citizens and the privacy embodied in the Constitution and guaranteed to every citizen. 
Therefore, I insist that Members consider voting for an amendment that recognizes, just as the minority clearly said, we have not yet had a debate on the basis under which we should pay for the bulk collection against the American people without their permission or safeguards of their rights. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
Chair, we are coming to the end of several days of floor debate on the 2016 
I want to, again, express my appreciation to Chairman DIAZBALART , subcommittee members from both sides of the aisle, and our remarkable, dedicated staff for all the hard work that has gone into this bill and for the orderly and civil character of our floor deliberations. 
work and all of our efforts at cooperation were being more adequately rewarded, but they are not. And that is not the chairman’s fault. It is the fault of the majority’s profoundly misguided and flawed budget policy, a policy that has left this bill a mere shadow of what it should be and has decimated the investments a great country should be making. 
roads, our highways are crumbling. One out of every nine bridges in this country is structurally deficient and in need of repair or replacement. 
one work week a year sitting in congestion caused by overcrowded highways. The capital backlog for our transit systems is nearly $78 billion. 
housing resources don’t meet the basic needs of millions of vulnerable and lowincome Americans. On any given night, 575,000 of our constituents, including more than 50,000 veterans, are homeless. The maintenance backlog for public housing approaches $25 billion. 
for our generation. This bill, which is intended to help improve housing and transportation options and create jobs for hardworking American families, will, instead, dig the hole deeper by cutting everything from safety programs to transportation construction grants to maintenance budgets for public housing. 
were limited to our transportation and housing systems, but Republicans have taken the same shortsighted approach with each of this year’s domestic appropriations bills. 
Unfortunately, the majority has targeted domestic appropriations to bear the entire brunt of deficit reduction. That means deep cuts, not just to our transportation and housing infrastructure but also to research support, programs that make college more affordable, the very things that make this country the envy of the world. 
courage to address the real drivers of the deficit, which I think most Members of this Chamber realize are tax expenditures and entitlement spending. 
In the 1990s, we achieved budget surpluses as the result of concerted bipartisan efforts to balance the budget through a comprehensive approach. We actually paid off $400 billion of the national debt. 
Until we have a similar budget agreement this year, one that sets responsible funding and revenue levels across 
addresses our country’s crumbling roads and bridges, that brings our rail system up to firstworld standards, or that provides shelter for America’s elderly, disabled, and other vulnerable populations. 
investments that we simply have to make to continue as the greatest country in the world. So I implore my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this shortsighted, irresponsible bill, but beyond that, to consider the longterm consequences of the fiscal course we are on. We simply have to make a correction for our country’s sake. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZBALART. Madam Chair, I 
want to thank the ranking member, first, for his kind words towards me right now but, more importantly, for his willingness to work with me, to spend the time, the effort. Both he and his staff, the committee staff, have, frankly, worked awfully hard on making sure we do the best job that we can, and I am grateful for that. 
I just very briefly want to just mention that this bill, this is a bill that prioritizes funding and funds our country’s priorities. It is a balanced bill. 
this is a bill, that, yes, it does not raise taxes. 
Now, I know that a lot of folks have 
talked about the President’s requests and the President’s requests. And the President’s requests for this area are much higher in many areas than what this bill is funding. 
things. The President has massive taxes, tax increases in his proposals, number one. And also, that this bill adheres to not only the budget that was passed by Congress, House and Senate, but this bill adheres to the law, the law that was passed by Congress and signed by the President of the United States, the socalled ‘‘sequester’’ law. 
level, which some people, I guess, don’t remember, it is fake. It gets sequestered. 
This is a balanced bill. It is a good 
bill. It is a responsible bill. It pays and funds the priorities of this great country. And I am going to ask for our colleagues to give us a favorable vote on this fine bill. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed in the following order: Amendment by Mr. YOHOof Florida. 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 244, noes 181, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
and NUNES changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 246, noes 180, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will remind Members these are 2minute votes. 
The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) on which 
further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 186, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Davis, Rodney DelBene Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dingell 
Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
Meadows Meng Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Wagner Walberg 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro Denham DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Garamendi Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hanna Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Miller (MI) Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Newhouse Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
MOULTON and JENKINS of West Virginia changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 199, noes 227, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hensarling Hill Himes Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lowey Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar 
Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Valadao Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Aguilar Ashford Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Cramer Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Fattah Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Noem 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rokita Ross RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Speier Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 231, noes 195, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent 
DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 243, not voting 8, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . EMMER OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 212, noes 214, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson 
Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 241, noes 184, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 7, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Lance 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 297, noes 129, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeGette DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Fattah Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse 
Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Capps Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clyburn Comstock Cooper Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dold Donovan Duckworth Engel Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen 
Fudge Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Granger Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Katko Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean McDermott McNerney Meehan Meeks 
Meng Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Pallone Payne Pelosi Peters Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. DINGELL changed her vote 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
move that the Committee do now rise and report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, directed her to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. DELANEY. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
H.R. 2577 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’’ account, on page 47, line 11, after the dollar amount relating to capital investments, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)’’. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Maryland? There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
is a final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Madam Speaker, imagine if this Congress were focused on how the forces of innovation and globalization were changing our economy and making it harder for our businesses to compete, large and small. 
Madam Speaker, imagine if this Congress were focused on the fact that, while we are creating jobs, we are increasingly creating two types of jobs— highskilled jobs, which are reserved for those people with the best educations, and lowskilled, lowpaid jobs. Increasingly, we are not creating middleskilled jobs—the kind of jobs that have supported middle class families for decades. 
Madam Speaker, imagine if this Congress were focused on the fact that, while the standard of living of average Americans is going down, the friction in their lives is going up, including the fact that so many of them have longer commutes—overbearing commutes— because of inadequate transportation, commutes that are taking time away from their families and from their communities. 
were focused on those three things, then it would quickly conclude that our top domestic economic priority should be increasing our investment in our infrastructure because this Congress would understand that rebuilding America makes us more competitive. This Congress would understand that a national infrastructure program is the best jobs program we could have because it creates good jobs, and it is sound economics. 
better infrastructure improves the quality of life of our constituents; and because it has been so bipartisan for so many years, it could be something that unifies us, and it would understand that rebuilding America is not an expense but an investment, and we would probably score it that way dynamically. 
that is not the Congress we have here this evening because we are doing precisely the opposite this evening, and we are cutting our investment in infrastructure. When you look at the facts, that is a strange conclusion indeed. 
But, Madam Speaker, I am optimistic. I am optimistic that one day, hopefully soon, this Congress can do something transformative around infrastructure and rebuild our country. I believe we can pay for it by fixing our broken international tax system, where we have trillions of dollars 
trapped overseas, and creating pathways for that money to come back to rebuild our country. 
Madam Speaker, we still should be doing smart and sensible things to improve our infrastructure. My amendment does that. 
Amtrak so they can better implement the positive train control system, which is technology that is proven to make commuter rail trains safer. The National Transportation Safety Board has said that, if this system were in place since 2004, we would have had 30 fewer accidents, including preventing that terrible tragedy that we all stood here and mourned about 30 days ago in Pennsylvania. 
amendment to increase funding for Amtrak so that they can better implement smart technology, the positive train control system. Like most investments in infrastructure, it is good for our constituents—in this case, public safety—and it is also a good investment for our country. I urge support of the Democratic motion to recommit. 
I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. 
this bill that is in front of us funds programs that are the backbone of our economy and the safety net of those who need it. These are issues that we must fund responsibly, adequately, and on time. This bill does precisely just that. It does so after a lengthy, open process. It does so while looking at the individual issues one by one. 
this Congress. This is not the Congress—this is not the Congress, however—that made ‘‘shovelready’’ a joke phrase. This is a Congress who wants to act responsibly, and this bill does just that. It makes the most of what we have. It makes the most of what we have in our coffers. It acknowledges that we can’t just simply have everything that everybody wants at a time when we do have to pick priorities, when we have to spend responsibly and wisely. This bill in front of us has no tax increases, Madam Speaker. 
economic growth has always been a top priority in our appropriations bills, and this one is no different. You see, our businesses and communities rely on 
safe and efficient roads and rails and waterways and airways to facilitate the billions and billions of dollars of commerce that our economy depends on. So we choose to prioritize transportation infrastructure projects that will help improve our Nation as a whole; that will make traveling across the country easier; and, make no mistake, that will also make traveling across country safer, a safer place to travel. Madam Speaker, from increasing 
funding for critical agencies like the FAA, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration to providing the Federal Railroad Administration with the resources it needs for its safety and research programs, this bill does not sacrifice safety in any way at all, in any shape or form. 
responsibility of this bill is to provide for important housing programs. It ensures that our veterans continue to have access to the VASH program. It takes care of our most vulnerable citizens, such as the elderly and people with disabilities. It does that. 
Let me just briefly address the specifics of this motion. 
floor to add $9 million to Amtrak for inwardfacing cameras to improve the safety of Amtrak’s operation, but let me say something else. We have spent literally hundreds of hours on this bill. We have done so in a bipartisan way, in an open way. We held six public hearings with agency and department heads—six public hearings. We considered amendments in committee, and we have spent, as all of you know, 3 days on the floor now and considered about 80 amendments on this bill after 3 days in an open, transparent process. It has been an open and transparent process. We have taken amendments on this floor from both sides of the aisle. 
So despite, obviously, budgetary constraints, this bill accomplishes all of what it should. We have worked hard at what we had to fund, and we got it done in a smart, purposeful, responsible way, yes. 
Congress is doing. We are making serious progress on our appropriations bills this year. We are moving ahead faster and through an open process faster than we have in many years, getting the necessary work done in a timely and open and responsible fashion. 
So now we have this motion to recommit. What is the purpose of this motion to recommit? Why wasn’t it done as an amendment during the 3 days when we were here? 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and let’s get this 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 244, not voting 8, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 2289, to correct section numbers, punctuation, and crossreferences, and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House including changing ‘‘14’’ to ‘‘13’’ in the ninth instruction on the third page of the amendment by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ). 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2383. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
things are happening in the small cow town of Medora, North Dakota. 
known as the Greatest Show in the West, is celebrating 50 years of entertaining and inspiring visitors while paying tribute to American values like family, patriotism, and faith in God, and, of course, the legacies of Theodore Roosevelt and Harold Schafer. 
Theodore Roosevelt National Park, named for the city slicker turned cowboy who ranched the Badlands of Dakota Territory before going back East, refreshed and restored, to accomplish big things. 
thankful that God gave us the Badlands and Theodore Roosevelt and that he gave a dream to Harold Schafer and that, today, the Theodore Roosevelt 
Medora Foundation keeps that dream alive in beautiful Medora, North Dakota. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 10, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: 
‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ 
has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Member of the 114th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1740. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation 
1749. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation 
1752. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a list of international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days, in accordance with the CaseZablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati 2014 management report, pursuant to the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka 2014 management report, pursuant to the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Commerce. H.R. 906. A bill to modify the efficiency standards for gridenabled water heaters; with an amendment (Rept. 114–142). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Commerce. H.R. 1734. A bill to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment (Rept. 114–143). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
on Intelligence. H.R. 2596. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–144, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 303. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 145). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2596 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 2688. A bill to block any action from 
being taken to finalize or give effect to a certain proposed rule governing the Federal child support enforcement program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2689. A bill to clarify the scope of eligible water resources projects under the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 and the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2690. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
H.R. 2691. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adjudicate and pay survivor’s benefits without requiring the filing of a formal claim, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
MEEKS , Mr. C LAY, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. V AN 
H.R. 2692. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the abovetheline deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers and to allow Head Start teachers the same abovetheline deduction for supplies as is allowed to elementary and secondary school teachers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
RIGELL , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
H.R. 2693. A bill to designate the arboretum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum‘‘; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
CAPPS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. S WALWELL  
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
MENG, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. VANHOLLEN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. 
Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to ensure that each individual who provides identifying information to the State motor vehicle authority is automatically registered to vote in elections for Federal office held in the State unless the individual does not meet the eligibility requirements for registering to vote in such elections or declines to be registered to vote in such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. 
H.R. 2695. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require that return information from taxexempt organizations be made available in a searchable format and to provide the disclosure of the identity of contributors to certain taxexempt organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2696. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to require certain health insurance premium increase information submitted to the Secretary of Health and Human Services be disclosed to Congress; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , and Ms. N ORTON): 
H.R. 2697. A bill to assist in the conservation of rare felids and rare canids by supporting and providing financial resources for the conservation programs of nations within the range of rare felid and rare canid populations and projects of persons with demonstrated expertise in the conservation of rare felid and rare canid populations; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
ROYCE , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W ALBERG , and 
H.R. 2698. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on indoor tanning services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of New York, Ms. E STY, Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. 
Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
vessels to have and post passenger capacity limits, to amend title 46, United States Code, to authorize States to enter into contracts for the provision of boating safety education services under State recreational boating safety programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2701. A bill to direct the President to 
impose duties on merchandise from the People’s Republic of China in an amount equivalent to the estimated annual loss of revenue to holders of United States intellectual property rights as a result of violations of such intellectual property rights in China, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2702. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to passenger motor vehicle crash avoidance information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2703. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the credit for employers establishing workplace child care facilities, to increase the child care credit to encourage greater use of quality child care services, to provide incentives for students to earn child carerelated degrees and to work in child care facilities, and to increase the exclusion for employerprovided dependent care assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California (for herself and Mr. MEEHAN ): 
Based Institutional Special Needs Plan demonstration program to target home and communitybased care to eligible Medicare beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2705. A bill to clarify the definition of 
navigable waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of Utah, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. S TEWART): 
H.R. 2706. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide priority for the establishment of new national cemeteries by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2707. A bill to ensure a legislative solution for those individuals who may be affected by ObamaCare’s unlawful implementation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2708. A bill to direct the Director of 
National Intelligence to conduct a study on cyber attack standards of measurement; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 89, urging the Congress of the United States to pass legislation that establishes a national, uniform, and scientificallybased label program for genetically modified food; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the State of Oregon, relative to Senate Joint Memorial 10, urging the Congress of the United States of America to pass legislation to create the Willamette Falls National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the Marketplace Fairness Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the State of Oregon, relative to Senate Joint Memorial 9, respectfully requesting that the Congress of the United States expedite appropriation of funds to enhance efforts to monitor and prevent the spread of aquatic invasive species and to implement the intent of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Concurrent Memorial 1008, urging the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to review the disability rating process; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
51. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Illinois, relative to House Resolution No. 0414, urging the United States Congress to take prompt action to reauthorize the James Zadroga 9/11 family of programs and to fully fund these programs; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and the Judiciary. 
the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Concurrent Memorial 1006, urging the United States Congress to vote to approve the Keystone XL oil pipeline; jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2688. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2689. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 2690. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2691. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution 
H.R. 2693. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 (related to 
the power of Congress to raise and support armies) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 (related to the power of Congress to exercise exclusive legislation over needful buildings). 
H.R. 2694. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2695. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2696. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2697. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2698. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, [. . .]’’ 
H.R. 2699. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2700. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to the Congress by Article I. Section 8, and Article I, Section 9 of the United States Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
with foreign Nations under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 2702. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 2703. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2704. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2705. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2706. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 2707. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution gives Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, which gives Congress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ This legislation puts forth measures relating to the treatment of existing commerce and the exchange of health care products, services, and transactions as regulated by the Affordable Care Act. 
H.R. 2708. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Ms. K USTER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
DENT, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. H UDSON, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. R OEof 
H.R. 136: Mr. C ALVERT and Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 232: Mr. R EED, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
H.R. 235: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
H.R. 303: Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. 
H.R. 413: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 511: Mr. N UNES , Mr. W ILSON of South 
H.R. 540: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 556: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. F LEMING , and 
H.R. 563: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 602: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
H.R. 625: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 692: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 702: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. W OMACK , and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 721: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R OGERS  
of Kentucky, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
BERA, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and 
DEGETTE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OLIS, and 
H.R. 772: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 775: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. 
H.R. 785: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 846: Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C OURTNEY , and 
H.R. 855: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B RADY  
H.R. 865: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. 
H.R. 921: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. 
H.R. 985: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
H.R. 986: Mr. F LEMING and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 990: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1013: Mr. B EYER and Mr. T EDLIEUof 
H.R. 1023: Ms. H AHN, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. 
H.R. 1151: Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 1153: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 1161: Mr. B UTTERFIELD and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
H.R. 1202: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1266: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1289: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. K USTER , 
H.R. 1301: Mr. F LORES , Mr. M CHENRY , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. C ARNEY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and 
H.R. 1356: Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
H.R. 1375: Mr. H IMES, Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. 
H.R. 1388: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. L EE, 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1401: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
H.R. 1424: Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C HABOT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. W ILSON of 
H.R. 1559: Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. B ERA, Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 1567: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. C ARSON of 
HENSARLING , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. C LEAVER , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
H.R. 1635: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 1671: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1748: Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. K USTER , and 
H.R. 1752: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 1760: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
KILMER , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1768: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1769: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
H.R. 1786: Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas and 
H.R. 1814: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
POLIS, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
H.R. 1902: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1933: Mr. S IRES and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
H.R. 2019: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. C OLE, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. 
H.R. 2026: Mrs. L OWEY and Ms. S INEMA . 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. L ONG, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
HARPER , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. F LORES , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. K LINE, 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2058: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. W HITFIELD , and 
H.R. 2061: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
H.R. 2132: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and 
H.R. 2295: Mr. T URNER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 2302: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. Car SONof 
Indiana, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Ms. P LASKETT . 
H.R. 2309: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
COHEN , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. F LEMING , and 
H.R. 2400: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
H.R. 2404: Ms. P INGREE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. Ellmers of 
North Carolina, Mr. H ULTGREN , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. G IBSON , and Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 2493: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. V AN 
H.R. 2494: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
H.R. 2606: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. R USSELL , and 
H.R. 2610: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2657: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2660: Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
GUTHRIE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R USH, Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Ms. E SHOO . 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T AKAI, and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. R OGERS of 
H. Res. 14: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H. Res. 107: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
H. Res. 145: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. 
H. Res. 233: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H. Res. 270: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. S CHIFF . 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO. 32: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used for highspeed rail in the State of California or for the California HighSpeed Rail Authority, nor may any be used by the Federal Railroad Administration to administer a grant agreement with the California HighSpeed Rail Authority that contains a tapered matching requirement. 
AMENDMENT NO. 33: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used for highspeed rail in the State of California or for the California HighSpeed Rail Authority. 
AMENDMENT NO. 34: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may used to carry out any enrichment as defined in Appendix A to Part 611 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for any New Start grant request. 
AMENDMENT NO. 35: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 36: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 37: At the end of the bill 
any other provision of law, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall— 
Election (MOE) Assignment for home equity conversion mortgages (as set forth in Mortgagee Letter 201503, dated January 29, 2015), allowing additional flexibility for nonborrowing spouses to meet its requirements; and 
in the case of any other home equity conversion mortgage that— 
died and who has a nonborrowing surviving spouse who does not qualify for the Mortgagee Optional Election and who, but for the death of such borrowing spouse, would be able to remain in the dwelling subject to the mortgage. 
AMENDMENT NO. 39: At the end of the bill, 
by this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to institute an administrative or civil action (as defined in section 47107 of title 49, United States Code) against the sponsor of the East Hampton Airport in East Hampton, NY. 
AMENDMENT NO. 40: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 11246 (relating to Equal Employment Opportunity). 
available by this Act may be used by the Federal Aviation Administration for the bio data assessment in the hiring of Air Traffic Control Specialists. 
AMENDMENT NO. 42: At the end of the bill 
by this Act for Amtrak capital grants may be used for projects off the Northeast Corridor until the level of capital spending by Amtrak for capital projects on the Northeast Corridor during fiscal year 2016 equals the amount of Amtrak’s profits from Northeast Corridor operations during fiscal year 2015. 
AMENDMENT NO. 1: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, add the following new section: 
or otherwise made available in this Act shall be used by the Department of Defense to process pursuant to the memorandum of the Secretary of Defense entitled ‘‘Military Accessions Vital to National Interest (MAVNI) Program Eligibility’’ and dated November 2014 any application wherein an individual relies on a granted deferred action by the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) process established pursuant to the 
memorandum of the Secretary of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children’’ and dated June 15, 2012. 
AMENDMENT NO. 2: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to carry out any of the following: 
7, 9, 12, 13, or 16 of Executive Order 13514. 
AMENDMENT NO. 5: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to divest or retire, or to prepare to divest or retire, KC–10 aircraft. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3889 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2015 No. 91 