there is a lot of talk of cliffs here in our Nation’s Capital. We have fiscal cliffs that we faced with the debt ceiling. There was the sequestration cliff. We had, obviously, the cliffs surrounding the government shutdown. 
This week, we face a Homeland Security cliff. Because our Republican friends have been unable to reach agreement and have held hostage the budget of the Department of Homeland 
Security, we face a situation where we will either shut down those operations or, hopefully, people will come to their senses and take action. But, again, it is government by cliff. 
cliff. If the government doesn’t move forward to deal with a meaningful solution to the sustainable growth rate, we are going to see a dramatic reduction in government reimbursement under Medicare to providers. 
something that we talked about last summer because Congress refused to deal meaningfully with transportation funding—there will be another cliff May 31 as the transportation fund loses its ability to fund. Already, there are programs around the country in local and State government that are trying to factor in reductions of important construction work that they aren’t certain they can do this summer. 
Well, we are putting in the background another cliff. It is one that will probably not get the attention that it 
deserves, but one that deserves people to focus on because it will impact 11 million of our most vulnerable citizens. 
have been opportunities within the trust fund that funds retirement and disability, which are basically, for most people, synonymous—they are paid for by the same tax on our earnings and that our employers pay, but they have been segregated into two accounts, one dealing with disability and one dealing with retirement. 
Over the history of these two programs they have spent at different rates. Eleven times in the past, under Republican and Democratic Presidents alike, Congress has moved to shift money from one trust fund to another to be able to even it out and not run out of the ability to pay benefits. The last adjustment was made in 1994, but the disability account was only adjusted for about 20 years. At the time, it was understood that 
there would be a need for more action dealing with disability because of a very fundamental demographic change: we have a lot more women in the workforce and the baby boom generation is moving into the years in their careers where they are more prone to disability claims. And, sure enough, that projection is right. Around December of next year, we will no longer be able to pay full disability payments unless there is an adjustment. 
times over the years, on a bipartisan basis, has been made infinitely more difficult because of a rule change that our friends on the Republican side have adopted for this Congress. Under what they have approved, it will be impossible to make that simple adjustment that we have done time and time again if a single Member of the House of Representatives objects. 
There is a need to adjust funding for both Social Security and disability because, combined, in about 2033 or 2034 they will not be able to pay out full benefits. That is why it is important for Congress to be able to step forward and deal with it meaningfully, but it is not something you do in a crisis, and it is not something that should be done by picking out the one area in which 11 million citizens rely on these for disability payments. It should be done thoughtfully and carefully. 
and misuse, I would suggest that my Republican friends look at what they did in the budget process. Over the last 3 years, they have cut 7 percent out of the budget for the Social Security Administration that could have gone to deal with enforcement and that could have gone to deal with fraud and abuse. It could have gone to make sure that the program is operating properly. 
Instead, we have set up a crisis to try 
is not the way we should go. We shouldn’t be having government by cliff, but we also ought to be dealing with it in a thoughtful and reasonable fashion to make the adjustments that make it sustainable. 
leadership ought to waive that rule— like they routinely do for things that they care about, like passing billions of dollars of unfunded tax cuts—to be able to allow the rebalancing to occur and the decisionmaking to be made in a thoughtful and reasonable fashion. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
week we learned that three British school girls between the ages of 15 and 16 left their families and have gone to fight with ISIS in Syria. 
Well, apparently through social media. And they are not alone. Terrorists have used Twitter to radicalize thousands of young impressionable minds throughout the world and recruit new jihadists. They have also used it as a way to fundraise millions of dollars for their reign of terror. ISIS also uses Twitter to broadcast its barbaric acts and propaganda to the world. 
of its evil, horrific burning of a captured Jordanian pilot. Last August, when ISIS released a gruesome beheading of American journalist James Foley, it did so on, yes, Twitter. There are many more examples. 
AQIM—are officially listed as designated Foreign Terrorist Organizations by our government. Federal law prohibits giving aid or helping a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization. These FTOs use Twitter, an American company, as a tool, and no one is stopping them. 
U.S. Government allowing social media platforms to be hijacked by terrorists? Some suggest that if the U.S. Government were to shut down terrorists’ social media accounts, such measures would be violating terrorists’ free speech rights. They are wrong. There are no constitutional protections to those who incite violence. No one supports the Bill of Rights more than I do, but free speech has its limitations, just 
as there are no constitutional protections for child pornography. 
an Americancontrolled social media platform so they can kill, rape, pillage, and burn. There is precedence for this position. The Supreme Court has already ruled and held in the case of Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project that if someone has aided a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, they do not have constitutional protections of free speech. Twitter has argued that the Feds do 
not want the terrorists’ Twitter accounts taken down because they, the Feds, want to track the bad guys. However, keeping these Twitter accounts up has neither stopped nor slowed the terrorists’ recruitment, propaganda, calls for violence, or fundraising efforts. Instead, allowing the terrorists to continue using Twitter has helped radicalize hundreds of foreign fighters and raised millions of dollars for them. 
are more terrorists using social media than ever before. Private American companies should not be operating as the propaganda mouthpiece of designated foreign terrorist organizations. 
never would have allowed America’s foreign enemies to take out ads in The New York Times recruiting Americans to join the Nazis and go abroad and fight and kill Americans. Today is no different. Social media companies need to do more. Private companies not only have a public responsibility but a legal obligation to be proactive. 
Nationality Act states that it is unlawful to provide a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization—like ISIS— with ‘‘material support or resources,’’ including ‘‘any property, tangible or intangible, or services.’’ That is about as comprehensive as you can get. You don’t need to be a law school professor to understand this law actually applies to Twitter. 
those who behead and burn others alive are able to use our own companies against us to further their cause. This is nutty. But that is exactly what is occurring. As a result, there are more than 15,000 foreign fighters, many of whom have been radicalized online, now fighting in Iraq and Syria. That is more than there were in the 14 years of war in Afghanistan. 
Designated Foreign Terrorist Organizations should not be allowed to use private American companies to reach billions of people with their violent hate propaganda and recruitment. It is time to put a stop to this. It is time for Twitter to take down terrorists’ accounts. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate what the gentleman has just said about those challenges and threats, along with the undermining of our national security, but it is further at risk this week by our own hand; that is, the Congress of the United States. 
The Department of Homeland Security will not be funded. There are 230,000 people who work at that Department, and 30,000 of them, mostly administrative personnel, will be laid off. The others, known as critically important—essential employees who are on 
the front line—will work, but they won’t get paid. 
done to undermine our national security and share—I think in a bipartisan way—the conclusion that we ought not to further those enterprises, but as I said, Mr. Speaker, by our own hand we are about to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. We have but 4 days to pass a bill continuing its funding. 
Speaker, to my friends on the other side of the aisle, shutting down the government is a strategy they have employed on a number of occasions. In 1995, we shut it down twice, for almost a month, maybe a little longer. 
down again as a strategy—not as a happenstance, but as a strategy. 
who are saying in this House: Well, it won’t matter if we shut down the Department of Homeland Security. Some of the folks are funded on fees, others will be required to work anyway, so let’s just keep playing this Russian roulette with America’s security and the safety of Americans. 
eleventh hour, and the House has not yet been given the opportunity to vote on a bill that, essentially, was agreed to by the Republican Appropriations Committee and reported to this floor, and we essentially passed it, but we passed it for a short period of time. 
There was no debate on funding levels, Mr. Speaker. There was no debate on whether this provision and that provision should or should not be in the bill. We passed it. 
to accomplish another objective, have done what they said in the pledge to America they would not do, and that is put two different issues in the same bill. Well, they have put a poison pill in this bill. 
If we fail to act and send the President a bill he can and will sign, a bill free from partisan policy riders, then thousands of our Homeland Security agents will be furloughed, and almost— as I said—200,000 others will be forced to work without pay. 
Surely not—the impact on our border security, law enforcement, and homeland security will be serious and make our country more vulnerable to threats. 
I came to the rostrum after a gentleman on the other side of the aisle correctly expressed concerns about the threats that confront us. I would hope he would join me in advocating and urging the Republican leadership to bring to the floor a clean—and by clean, I simply mean a bill on which both parties have essentially agreed. 
Chairman MIKEMCCAUL, the Republican who leads the House Committee 
Mr. Speaker, this is the Republican chairman of the Homeland Security Committee: ‘‘I fully believe we should not be playing politics with the national security agency like the Department of Homeland Security, particularly given the high threat environment that we’re in right now.’’ 
sense to play politics with Homeland Security in light of what the gentleman has just referenced and which all of us know to be the case? 
as a people and as a nation. Mr. Speaker, this body has a responsibility to the American people to do everything we can to make them as secure as we can and to make our country as secure as we can. 
whom I served in this body who now represents South Carolina and is a Republican Member of the Senate and an expert on national security, he told his Republican colleagues this—and, again, I quote: ‘‘The worst possible outcome for this Nation is to defund the Department of Homeland Security, given the multiple threats we face to our homeland, and I will not be part of it.’’ 
None of us ought to be part of it. 435 
of us ought to vote to fund the Homeland Security Department starting on Friday. I urge the Republican majority to heed this advice of Mr. MCCAUL, of 
other Republicans in the Senate and some in the House to do the responsible thing and let this House work its will on the single subject of our national security. 
If a clean Homeland Security appropriation bill were to come to the floor, I am confident—and I tell my friend and the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, every Democrat will vote for it. We are 188 strong. 
Surely, there are 30 responsible Republicans who care more about our national security than their politics who would join us in voting for that bill—I am confident of that—many more, I think, than 30, but at least 30 would be needed, with 188, to get to the 218, and we would fund the Department of Homeland Security, and we could do it tomorrow. 
unanimous consent—well, no, I don’t think we could do it by unanimous consent because there are some who continue to play politics with our national security. 
our immigration policy which they articulate and legitimately can have an alternative view to express and to try to enact, that is the democratic process. 
do not like, not hold hostage the Department of Homeland Security until hopefully, from their standpoint, the President is bludgeoned into signing a bill that he does not agree with and he does not believe is good for our country and believes is bad for our economy. If the majority is dissatisfied, bring a 
bill to the floor. Former Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge, also a Republican with whom I have served when he was a Representative from Pennsylvania, subsequently the Governor of Pennsylvania and then our first Secretary of Homeland Security, I want to quote him as well as I have quoted the other two Republicans that I have quoted. 
that is Tom Ridge, former Republican Governor and mentioned for President. He went on to say: ‘‘I think the political repercussions could be severe. And, on top of that, the men and women of Homeland Security deserve better.’’ 
that simply takes them hostage every few months and says to them: You may or may not get paid, you may or may not be able to come to work, you may or may not be able to do your job. It depends upon whether or not our political ends are served. 
pledge they made to the American people to consider issues one at a time. Bring a comprehensive immigration reform bill. If you don’t like what the President has done, bring a bill that changes that. We have the power to do that. Do it. 
change our immigration policies through legislation and fix what everybody in this body believes is a broken system. 
the floor to fund the Department of Homeland Security, and then, as well, bring a bill to the floor on comprehensive immigration reform or the bill 
that our Republican friends think is the appropriate bill to fix a broken system, and we will vote and debate on that. 
Security do its job for America, for Americans. Let’s exercise responsible, adult legislating this time. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
to honor an exceptional group of young men in Pinellas County, Florida, the honor guard at Fuguitt Elementary School in Largo. 
Last week, I had the pleasure of visiting with 21 young men of Fuguitt’s honor guard who have recognized the importance of respect, discipline, commitment, and speaking out against bullying. These are remarkable young men in third, fourth, and fifth grade. 
was started by former Principal Michael Moss; teacher Rhonda Correa; and her husband, Frank Correa, a Marine Corps veteran. The Correas have continued to lead the program today under the leadership of Fuguitt’s principal, Dr. Kathi Bentley. The purpose of the honor guard is to 
develop structure, discipline, and leadership in young students who otherwise might face academic or behavioral challenges. 
pledge, which reads: ‘‘As a Fuguitt honor guard member, I am a student leader of this school. As a member, I promise to be truthful, respectful, helpful, and hardworking. I will act like an honorable gentleman and respect and honor the flag of the United States of America. I understand my success is my Nation’s success.’’ 
school with the presentation of colors and the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. Speaker, the young men committed to this program represent future leaders both in Pinellas County and also in our Nation, and they deserve the recognition and encouragement of this body. 
Elementary School’s honor guard members today: in third grade—Romeo Greene, Sean Lange, Blake Logan, Levita Maafu, Troy Mason, George Mercado, Walit Morton, Daniel Mattrass, Micah Timberlake, and Bryce Young; in fourth grade— Domenic Barclay, Johnnie Chattman, Ari Davis, Matthew Kosinski, and Tyrek Tripp; and in fifth grade—Jon Dameron, Anthony Gonzalez, William Maafu, William Muscu, Steven Suero, and Andra Witchard. 
models to the rest of Fuguitt Elementary School and are held to a high standard, both academically and behaviorally. I rise today to recognize their efforts and commend the leadership at Fuguitt who are committed to the mission to help these students grow into future leaders. 
honor guard’s poem that they recited to me at the end of my visit with them. It is a fitting tribute from 21 young men to the exceptionalism of our Nation. 
of mankind, that shining city on a hill, the most beautiful, the most bountiful, the most generous people in the history of the world, the country that has birthed the great titans of science and industry, the country that put a man on the Moon, the country that has liberated tens of millions from the clutches of evil, the home of the brave, the undisputed champion of freedom, the great Republic, the United States of America.’’ 
serving as an inspiration to so many, including to this Member of Congress. 
in December of 2014, as leverage against the President’s immigration executive order, the Republican leadership irresponsibly decided to hold hostage the 2015 funding for the Department of Homeland Security. 
2015, just 4 days away from February 28, when the continuing resolution currently funding the Department will expire. The serious consequence of inaction by the Republican leadership is that it will leave the Department without the funds needed to effectively fulfill its mission of protecting our homeland. 
It is unbelievable that given the urgency of our national security, House Republicans continue failing to put forward a realistic plan to fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
Mistakenly, some Republicans believe the Department is doing just fine under the continuing resolution. Some even say it is okay to let DHS funding expire. Other Republicans suggest the preliminary Texas district court injunction, which blocks implementation of the President’s executive action on immigration, is reason enough to continue holding hostage the funding for Homeland Security. 
These are dangerously wrong conclusions. Secretary Johnson and agency heads have warned that if the CR is allowed to expire, national security operations will be disrupted, and essential personnel will be required to work without pay. They also warn passing another CR will not address the uncertainty of being able to meet our long term national security needs. 
the unrelated issue of the President’s executive actions on immigration to work its way through the judicial process which, at best, is likely to take several months. 
By contrast, Democrats have a responsible solution. Two weeks ago, Appropriations Committee Ranking Member NITALOWEY and I introduced H.R. 
861. It is a clean appropriations bill that funds the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of fiscal year 2015. It is not a Democratic bill. If it were, it would more closely reflect Democratic priorities. 
language of the November 2014 bipartisan bill negotiated in good faith by chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittees. 
be part of the 2015 omnibus legislation that funded the rest of the Federal Government. It is the bill that will enable the Department of Homeland Security to address our Nation’s current and most pressing security needs. 
I am pleased that H.R. 861 is cosponsored by every Democrat in the House, and we urge our Republican colleagues to join us. b1230 
pass the House, pass the Senate, and be signed into law by the President. All it needs is for the Republican leadership to bring the bill to the floor for a vote. 
Surely our Nation need not experience attacks like those in Paris and Copenhagen before we show our resolve to fund our Department of Homeland Security. Let us not wait around and hope Senate Republicans do the responsible thing. 
bringing H.R. 861 for a vote and making it clear to the American people that our Nation’s security takes priority over political and unrelated policy debates. Failure to do so and letting funding for Homeland Security expire or taking the easy way out by kicking a viable solution down the road with a continuing resolution represents a failure in fulfilling our most basic responsibility as Members of Congress: to protect the American people and our country from harm. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. 
to recognize a pioneering school in Wilkesboro, North Carolina. 
Established in 2009, Wilkes Early College High School is a partnership between Wilkes County Schools and Wilkes Community College. The school provides a small learning community of students the opportunity to earn both a high school diploma and an associate degree. It is a 5year school which enrolls approximately 60 ninth graders each year and is located on the campus of Wilkes Community College where students are enrolled in both honorslevel high school classes and college courses. 
High School is to provide a personalized program of study that will empower students to be lifelong, communityoriented learners who possess the technical and leadership skills needed for personal and professional success in a global community. 
textbooks and enrollment, is an extremely affordable way to help students reach their education goals, especially when you consider that the average tuition and fees was $2,305 for a public 2year institution in North Carolina this year and $6,677 for a public 4 year institution. And those costs have increased 30 percent over the last 5 years. 
Wilkes Early College High School are the first in their family to attend college. As a result, Principal Dion Stocks and his staff are working hard to outline expectations and guide students 
through the process of applying to a 4 year institution. Seminar classes are provided to assist students with understanding college expectations, the application process, and financial aid. 
associate degree in the school’s first official graduating class, and 20 students are expected to earn their degree this year. 
provides an advanced educational experience that equips students for success in college, career, and life. America needs more of this type of innovative learning. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI) for 5 minutes. 
marks 4 days until the Department of Homeland Security runs out of money. We all had the opportunity for the first time this session to go back home last week for our district workweek, and I had an opportunity to speak about this particular issue at the Honolulu International Airport, where many of our DHS officials and employees are very concerned about this lapse of funding. Although some DHS employees would continue to work in the event of a shutdown, they would be forced to do so without pay, creating a significant distraction and dealing a significant blow to morale. 
Every single House Democrat has cosponsored clean legislation to fund DHS, and it is clear that there are a sufficient amount of votes to pass this bill now. 
the first responsibility and priority of this Congress. We need to put aside the political gridlock that has plagued this House for too long and fund DHS now. An impasse in funding would close down the bulk of DHS’ management and support of Homeland Security infrastructure that was built following the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
of Homeland Security is no place for grandstanding against immigration reform that strengthens our economy and our country. Let’s remember: it was the inability of this House to act on the Senate’s comprehensive immigration reform bill that forced the President to take executive action on immigration in the first place. 
I came to Congress telling my constituents that I do not support government shutdowns, Federal furloughs, or sequestration, and now some in this body think they can fix this with further inaction, with further furloughs and further government shutdowns. I think not. 
FOXX). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D ENHAM ) 
today to acknowledge and honor the life of a beloved community leader and friend from Victor Valley College. Willie Davis Pringle, also known as Big Will, was a beloved father, grandfather, brother, uncle, and coach. He died at the age of 62 on Tuesday, January 6, of this year. 
Willie began his career at Victor Valley College, where he worked for 33 years. He was an active member of his community, and he advocated for students, the disabled, and the disadvantaged. While at VVC, Willie also met the woman and coworker who later became his wife, Mary. 
Valley Elementary School Board for 16 years. He assisted the disabled through job opportunities and benefits, served on the Hesperia Truancy Board, and was a member of the City of Victorville Advisory Board and Planning Commission. He also served as a member of the supervisory committee for the Victor Valley Federal Credit Union and was currently serving as president of the board of directors for Excelsior Charter School. 
serve meals to the homeless with the Salvation Army. Recently, he was recognized by the Los Angeles County Alliance, the California Alliance, and the National Alliance of Black School Educators for his service as a school board member. In 2009, Victor Valley Community College presented him with the Distinguished Service Award. 
many of us students. In the 33 years that he spent there, he was a friend; he was a mentor; he would talk to you as you walked through the campus; he would recognize if you weren’t in class that day. Many times, he would seek you out in the community to make sure that you were staying out of trouble. This mentor meant so much to so many of us, and he is going to be sorely missed. 
officials hosted a dedication ceremony in honor of the 33year college employee, naming the college’s athletic training room after him. Pringle served as the Rams’ head football coach and athletic director, and he later became the director of student services before retiring. 
He gave a lot of advice to many of us, 
encouraging us to seek out other opportunities. For me, I became student body president. And we had many other football players that followed in those same footsteps, at Willie’s request. He kept us busy. He mentored us. He got us involved and engaged. 
honoring and recognizing Willie Davis Pringle for his unwavering leadership and many accomplishments and contributions. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) for 5 minutes. 
short days, absent congressional action, funding for the Department of Homeland Security will lapse and the Department will be forced to shut down. Should this be allowed, the vast majority of the DHS workforce will be required to work without pay until a funding agreement is reached. The remainder—more than 30,000 dedicated individuals—will be furloughed with no guarantee of backpay. 
enact legislation that would fully fund the Department and allow these men and women who live and work in every district in every State to continue to carry out the critical message of keeping our Nation healthy, safe, and strong. 
with time running dangerously short, DHS employees, at the very least, must be assured that there is an agreement in Congress that they will receive their full pay in a fair and timely manner. That is why I, along with my friend and colleague from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN), have introduced the DHS Employee Retroactive Pay Fairness Act. This bipartisan proposal ensures that all Federal DHS employees receive retroactive pay for the duration of any shutdown, regardless of furlough status. 
Madam Speaker, as we wait for Congress to do its job, we should not stop the men and women of DHS from doing theirs. We must guarantee they receive pay and that they not become collateral damage of Congress’ refusal to reach an agreement. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) for 5 minutes. 
traveling throughout the district this past week, people shared with me their frustration at the ambiguous language from this administration in describing the evils of radical Islamist terrorism. 
the President, I too have grown weary at the timidity. While other world leaders have come to the forefront, our President continues to be defensive, at best. 
be passive or poor leadership. But I am inclined to believe that the President’s posture is not one of weakness but, rather, an intentional directive in both rhetoric and action. It appears that his promise to take our country in a fundamentally new direction is being played out in realtime. Instead of defending our liberty and our way of life, which is the most charitable in the world, our President seems to scoff at the belief that our country has been uniquely blessed by God. 
I would be remiss today if I did not 
pause and remember our Egyptian Christian brothers in the recent barbaric attacks in Libya. ISIS murdered innocent husbands and fathers who clearly died for their faith and their beliefs. 
reports out of Syria that Islamic State militants have abducted dozens of Christians, including women and children. Weeks prior, the President chastised the Christian community for getting on their judgmental high horses. Yet, in describing our martyred brothers from Egypt, the President refused to even utter the word, ‘‘Christian.’’ 
become an issue with this President. This very week, we face a constitutional crisis that was created solely by this administration. House Republicans have passed legislation to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security, yet this President is now asking me and my colleagues to do something that, for 6 years and on more than 20 occasions, he said was outside the law. 
have exhibited strength in times of crises. Recently, Tony Blair met with a few of us and gave a great speech on the concerns and the ills of extreme terrorism. He said this, and I haven’t forgotten it. He said: America, it is not your job to be loved; it is your job to lead. 
lead by clearly defining this expanding extremism that is ISIS, al Qaeda, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, and other radical Islamic fundamentalists. 
horse of justice is our only option. The American people are demanding strength. It is time to speak out. Defend our inalienable rights of liberty and life, be courageous, be a leader, Mr. President. The world is watching. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) for 5 minutes. 
iconic words uttered by legendary sportscaster Al Michaels with just 3 seconds left in the historic match between Team USA and the Soviet national hockey team in the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid. With the eyes of the world on the Lake Placid games, through sheer grit and determination, an amateur Team USA proudly did what many thought would be impossible by defeating the favored Soviet team. 
this event more than just an ordinary hockey game. For many, it was one more proud reminder of what a determined and united America can accomplish. I grew up hearing this story firsthand from my dad, who was in Lake Placid with his best friend, Doug Brownell, when the underdog Team USA won and the crowds erupted in cheers. It was an aweinspiring moment for our entire country and the world. 
the North Country still celebrate this incredible occasion. This past weekend Lake Placid was proud to host a reunion celebrating the 35th anniversary of this game and hosting the players from the 1980 Team USA men’s hockey team. Our North Country community is proud to be a home for this historic and inspiring event, and I am proud to stand on the House floor today to commemorate the 35th anniversary of the ‘‘miracle on ice.’’ 
WALKER ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMP SON) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, soon the House of Representatives is expected to vote on H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. H.R. 5 represents a long overdue rewrite of the current No Child Left Behind with new policies that aim to ensure that every student in this country has access to a quality public education. 
For years our Federal education policy has been failing our Nation’s students—the statistics do not lie. Today only 38 percent of seniors in high school can read at grade level, and just 26 percent are proficient in math. 
While I do not believe that any Member can be in total agreement with every aspect of the proposed bill, it is important to recognize the underlying goal of reducing the Federal Government’s role in education while empowering States and especially local school districts with discretion over academic standards and testing. 
While truly well intentioned, the current law places undue pressures upon young learners and has turned hardworking, compassionate teachers into test proctors. This is not fair to those who have worked tirelessly to ensure our children are receiving a quality education, nor is it fair to our children, who are not receiving a wellrounded education but memorizing answers to specific test questions. 
that the Washington bureaucrats don’t know how to educate our children. I can assure you that parents, administrators, and local school boards understand what is best for their children. It is time for our Federal Government to take a backseat and give power over education back to the States, the true laboratories of innovation. Mr. Speaker, we are not going to 
agree upon every issue when it comes to education. However, now is the time to act. Our children deserve as much, and our Nation’s future depends on it. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WALKER ) at 2 p.m. 
life, we especially pray for the blessing of peace in our lives and in our world. Our fervent prayer, O God, is that people will learn to live together in reconciliation and respect, so that the terrors of war now raging in Ukraine, Syria, and threatening to spread will be no more. 
the Members of this assembly in the important, often difficult work they do. Give them wisdom and charity that they might work together for the common good when issues on so many fronts present seemingly impossible roads to cooperation. 
May all that is done this day in the 
people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, during the Presidents’ Day break, I was grateful to chair a delegation to visit with President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, King Abdullah II of Jordan, and President Fuad Masum of Iraq, along with Defense Minister Khaled alObaidi of Iraq. Each leader clearly wants to protect their citizens from terrorism. 
veteran S ETH MOULTON of Massachusetts, and hardworking B RAD ASHFORD  
the Arab interpretation of ISIL, is a growing threat to the American people, and we must forcefully defeat the barbarian murderers with our courageous allies abroad. 
Americans and targets fellow Muslims, as evidenced during our visit. We have seen in the last 10 days the slaughter of 40 worshippers at a mosque in Pakistan, the burning of over 30 innocent civilians in Iraq, the beheadings of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians in Libya, and Jews murdered in Copenhagen. 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
the weekend, Minnesota’s Mall of America was the subject of threats from the terrorist organization, al Shabaab. 
The Department of Homeland Security is a vital partner with State and local law enforcement in protecting our Nation from terroristic threats; 
yet, in 72 hours, funding for the Department of Homeland Security will run out. 
DHS budget to pick a fight with the President is jeopardizing our national security. The Department of Homeland Security must have certainty in their budget to plan, prepare, and protect our country from threats like the one made against the Mall of America. 
proposed a clean budget for DHS that would provide the tools they need to protect the American people from very real harm. We must pass a DHS bill immediately. 
Then Congress can focus on our efforts on good jobs and strong wages to create even more economic growth for the American people. 
there are only 4 days left until the Department of Homeland Security shuts down, so I urge all my GOP colleagues to please take up a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security and take away the threat of another government shutdown. Take that threat off the table. 
Democratic side of the aisle, listen to some of your own colleagues. Listen to Senator RONJOHNSON who said: ‘‘The 
Committee on Homeland Security. He said: ‘‘We should not be playing politics with the national security agency like DHS, particularly given the high threat environment we’re in right now.’’ 
get back to governing the way the American people want us to. Bring a clean DHS funding bill to the floor. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, as we saw from the horrific terrorist attack in Paris, now is not the time to be cutting funding for programs that protect Americans from enemies intent on doing us harm. 
are supporting punitive and illinformed legislation to defund the Department of Homeland Security because they disagree with President Obama’s recent executive action on the deportation of undocumented immigrants. 
with something as sacred as our national security. Even if you disagree with the President’s immigration policy, it is irresponsible to withhold funding from the agencies that protect Americans from terrorists. 
I know from my experience as ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee that this is a dangerous world. We must fully fund Homeland Security priorities—including Secret Service, the Coast Guard, and border security—through a Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill, while separately debating comprehensive immigration reform. 
politics and do what the American people want us to do: protect our homeland, our communities, and our families. It is time to be constructive, not obstructive. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I think 
just about every one of us in Congress went through security at an airport in our home State this week, and like millions of Americans who fly every day, we are protected by 40,000 TSA officers that we depend on to keep us safe. 
But now, we are on the verge of stopping paychecks to all of those officers and 50,000 Border Patrol agents and 40,000 ActiveDuty Coast Guard members who are needed to protect our shores. In my State and many others this winter, they are being called upon to break up the ice and keep our harbors open. 
It is not just the people who keep us 
safe. It is FEMA. Just like much of the country, we have suffered from one of the hardest winters in memory in Maine, but if the Department of Homeland Security is shut down, then FEMA will not be able to process any new disaster relief applications from our States. 
my State and for many local governments. Let’s not add to that with a manufactured crisis of our own by forcing the Department of Homeland Security to shut down, just because some people don’t like President Obama’s immigration policies. 
House to pass a bill to fund DHS. Just let’s take a vote on it. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor Murray Kalish, a dear friend and constituent who, last week, celebrated his 97th birthday. 
dedication to public service, Murray established himself as one of the most committed community leaders in south Florida. He has served on the boards of the county planning and zoning commission, his synagogue board, and the Lake Worth Drainage District Board. 
acumen throughout his career, founding the important United South County Democratic Club, and possessing an uncanny ability to spot upandcoming leaders and direct them into elected office. 
the gatekeeper of the Palm Beach County political landscape. As an aspiring politician, you simply cannot hope to succeed without the guidance and insight that only Murray could provide. 
It is a privilege, Mr. Speaker, to represent a district with so many citizens who work tirelessly to make a difference every day, and Florida’s public servants have Murray Kalish to thank for their inspiration. 
Thank you, Murray, for your friendship. To you and your dear late wife, Roz, you have been a blessing to me, 
and I am so pleased to stand here representing our community on the House floor to say thank you for your remarkable achievements and our community that has been strengthened as a result. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ADMINISTRA TIVE OFFICER , H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for documents, issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Appointments: Commission on Care. Senate National Security Working Group 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 4 o’clock 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 212) to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of cyanotoxins in drinking water, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for assessing and managing risks associated with algal toxins in drinking water provided by public water systems. The strategic plan shall include steps and timelines to— 
from drinking water provided by public water systems contaminated with algal toxins; 
analytical methods to quantify the presence of algal toxins; and 
monitoring for the presence of harmful algal toxins in source water of, or drinking water provided by, public water systems; 
90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to Congress a report that includes— 
of fiscal years 2010 through 2014, to examine or analyze toxinproducing cyanobacteria and algae or address public health concerns related to harmful algal blooms; and 
which the funds were made available, the law under which the funds were authorized, and the Federal agency that received or spent the funds; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) and the gentleman 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 212, the Drinking Water Protection Act, which I reintroduced from last Congress in January. This important, bipartisan legislation requires the EPA to develop and submit a strategic plan to Congress for assessing and managing risks associated with algal toxins in drinking water provided by public water systems. 
to other surface freshwaters across the country, algal toxins, produced by harmful algal blooms, are presenting a serious concern to human health and safety. 
the Toledo, Ohio, area, including many of my constituents, weren’t able to utilize their public drinking water for over 2 days without risking potentially negative health effects due to a high level of algal toxins detected in the city’s public water supply. During that time, concerns and questions were and have since been raised about health effects data, testing protocols, treatment processes, and appropriate short and longterm responses. Furthermore, during hearings in the House Energy and Commerce Committee, witnesses testified about the further complexity of this issue due to the numerous other algal toxins and variants that may have potential negative health effects when present in public drinking water. 
EPA, the State of Ohio, and others have done since the Toledo water emergency to ensure public safety; however, the situation demonstrated the need for a more strategic, comprehensive, and strong scientific approach to protect our citizens’ public drinking water. I believe H.R. 212 does just this. 
the EPA’s strategic plan to include steps and timelines to: evaluate the risk to human health from drinking water provided by public water systems contaminated with algal toxins; establish, publish, and update a comprehensive list of algal toxins which the administrator determines may have an adverse effect on human health when present in public drinking water and provide a summary of those known adverse effects; publish health advisories 
and testing methods if the EPA determines it is warranted based on the published list; recommend feasible treatment options; enter into cooperative agreements and provide technical assistance to affected States and public water systems to manage risks associated with algal toxins; and identify gaps in the EPA’s understanding of algal toxins. 
all the other staff and stakeholders who have worked diligently on this important legislation. 
I urge the full support of my colleagues for H.R. 212. 
are a serious and growing threat to public health. The toxins they produce threaten communities that draw their water from coastal areas and the Great Lakes. They also pose risks to those who swim in contaminated waters or eat contaminated fish. 
irritation, gastrointestinal illness, cancer, paralysis, and even death. Economic impacts are also serious, adversely affecting fishing, recreation, and tourism. Estimates of annual costs of these algal blooms in the United States are in the billions of dollars. 
This summer, Toledo, Ohio, experienced a profound disruption when citizens woke to a ‘‘do not drink’’ order. The impacts were significant and widespread. But the problem is not limited to Ohio or Lake Erie. Harmful algal blooms have been a recurring problem in my home State of New Jersey for decades. So I appreciate that the majority is taking up this bipartisan legislation to begin to address this most important environmental problem. 
This bill is a good step. More needs to 
be done. I am happy to say that language reported from the Energy and Commerce Committee reflects several changes sought by Democratic members of the committee. The bill was broadened to ensure that EPA will look at all algal toxins that may have an adverse effect on human health and consider source water protection measures, which are the preferred and most effective approach to managing harmful algal blooms. 
staff for working with Ranking Member TONKO , myself, and the Democratic 
For too long, Republicans in Congress have been more interested in attacking the EPA than supporting the important work the Agency does to protect human health, and safe drinking water should be a bipartisan issue. Unfortunately, this bill does lack resources. 
water is very expensive for States and water utilities. If Congress doesn’t make funding available at the Federal level, the money will have to come out of already strained State budgets or out of consumers’ pockets. The cooperative agreements envisioned in the bill can address some of these costs, Mr. Speaker, but only if they are funded, and the strategic plan will have no impact if there are no resources to carry it out. 
So I hope this bill can be the start of 
broader drinking water work to address important threats like climate change, 
fracking, security, and aging infrastructure. As we continue our drinking water work this Congress, I hope the majority will recognize the importance of funding in addressing these needs. 
Resources are central to the conversation about safe drinking water. Much of our Nation’s drinking water infrastructure is well beyond its useful life and in desperate need of replacement. Algae and other emerging threats, spurred by climate change and other factors, add to the challenge. Investing in drinking water infrastructure protects public health, creates jobs, and boosts the economy, and this is something that we should all support. 
on the Energy and Commerce Committee, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ), and my good friend from Ohio 
(Ms. K APTUR ) for their hard work to address an important environmental threat. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
from all the members and the staff in putting this bill together and getting it on the floor, and also Chairman UPTON  
for his work on the legislation as well as Chairman SHIMKUS . 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of the Drinking Water Protection Act, to arm communities against the threats posed by toxic algae. 
The water emergency across the Toledo region for three days last August highlighted the need for a more robust federal response to harmful algal blooms in our Great Lakes and around the country. 
and hospitals were without fresh water from the city’s system. 
draws its sustenance from Lake Erie—has to guarantee our water is safe to drink. 
Our communities must be informed and prepared to respond, in the event of another emergency. 
This bill is an important step in the right direction. 
It is my hope that it expedites work at the 
U.S. EPA to publish longoverdue guidelines on safe consumption limits and testing protocols, in addition to treatment methods—information the EPA has been working on for more than a decade and a half. 
This is information that our mayors, our governor, and our citizens are clamoring for. 
Congress needs to pass this bill, and I hope 
our counterparts in the Senate will take up the measure quickly. 
Still, this bill only addresses one facet of the 
We must meet the larger challenge of stopping the growth of these blooms at their source—the nutrients flooding through our rivers, into Lake Erie. 
That imperative is not included in this particular bill, but we are working through programs like the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative to install conservation projects across our watershed. 
proposed cuts to the GLRI program and fully fund it. 
working to better protect our waterways through the Clean Water Act. 
and rivers and the communities that rely on them, Congress should stop opposing this important progress. 
the lake is stopped, the risk of further water emergencies will persist. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in this 
broader effort, and that starts by supporting the bill before us today. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 212, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 734) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
every evennumbered year, the Commission shall publish on its website and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the state of the communications marketplace. 
communications marketplace, including competition to deliver voice, video, audio, 
and data services among providers of telecommunications, providers of commercial mobile service (as defined in section 332), multichannel video programming distributors (as defined in section 602), broadcast stations, providers of satellite communications, Internet service providers, and other providers of communications services; 
regulatory practices (whether those of the Federal Government, States, political subdivisions of States, Indian tribes or tribal organizations (as such terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and 
Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), or foreign governments) pose a barrier to competitive entry into the communications marketplace or to the competitive expansion of existing providers of communications services; 
may use readily available data to draw appropriate comparisons between the United States communications marketplace and the international communications marketplace and to correlate its assessments with demographic information. 
Communications Satellite Act of 1962 (47 U.S.C. 765e; 114 Stat. 57) is repealed. 
ENTREPRENEURS AND OTHER SMALL BUSINESSES .—Section 257 of the Communications 
Telecommunications Act of 1996 (47 U.S.C. 1302) is amended— 
determines in its report under section 13 of the Communications Act of 1934, after considering the availability of advanced telecommunications capability to all Americans (including, in particular, elementary and secondary schools and classrooms), that advanced telecommunications capability is not being deployed to all Americans in a reasonable and timely fashion, the Commission shall take immediate action to accelerate deployment of such capability by removing barriers to infrastructure investment and by promoting competition in the telecommunications market.’’; 
‘‘and shall furnish notice of such action’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subject of the waiver’’; and 
‘‘shall be included’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The audit report’’; and 
all that follows through ‘‘on means of assuring’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission shall issue such regulations as are necessary to assure’’; and 
all that follows through ‘‘to assure such compatibility.’’; and 
made by this Act shall be construed to expand or contract the authority of the Federal Communications Commission. 
made by this Act shall be construed to prohibit or otherwise prevent the Federal Communications Commission from producing any additional reports otherwise within the authority of the Commission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman 
revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to update the Communications Act, one of the most common themes we have heard is the convergence of the telecommunications marketplace. No longer are companies just one service over just one medium. Both technology and consumer expectations have completely changed the game. However, the agency tasked with regulating the communications sector still exists in the outdated and siloed structure that reflects decadesold assumptions, even how they evaluate and report on the industry. 
a continued focus of our CommActUpdate process, this bill will take an important first step toward modernizing the way we look at this sector and its regulator. This legislation consolidates eight separate reports that require the FCC to evaluate the state of competition in various sectors and combines those eight reports into just a single biennial report to Congress on the communications marketplace as a whole. 
step of eliminating outdated reports that only serve to junk up the Communications Act and cause confusion. Reports like the ORBIT Act—which I have a copy of here—are aimed at ensuring that satellites that were long ago privatized are procompetitive, an examination that the FCC and the industry recognizes as both outdated, unnecessary, and burdensome. There are still laws on the books that address such outdated technologies as telegraphs. This is a small but significant step toward cleaning up the act and modernizing the laws and the agency that control this very dynamic marketplace. 
the books are both necessary and effective helps to reduce the burden on the agency. It also helps the regulatory agency make more informed decisions. 
thank my colleagues, Representative SCALISE , Ranking Member E SHOO , and 
the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. PALLONE , for their work to 
make this bill a bipartisan success both today and, frankly, in the last two sessions of Congress. I am hopeful that the first bill to pass out of our subcommittee this Congress is an indication of the work that we can get done when we collaborate. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 734, the FCC Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015. Congress has charged the Federal Communications Commission with overseeing industries that make up onesixth of our national economy. The communications and technology sectors are driving economic growth across the Nation, connecting businesses to markets large and small and delivering innovative new products and services to consumers. 
As part of this critical mission, Congress has tasked the FCC with compiling reports to provide the public with information about these dynamic markets. Democrats and Republicans agree that the FCC needs to collect good data. Consumers and businesses rely on this information, and we here in Congress need this information, too, in order to make sound policy decisions and conduct effective oversight of the FCC. 
Mr. Speaker, by consolidating certain reports and eliminating references to other outdated reports, this bill allows the FCC to use the agency’s limited resources more wisely and present a more holistic analysis of the communications marketplace. At the same time, we have worked together to ensure this effort to promote efficiency does not undermine important existing FCC obligations and authorities. We were able to come to agreement in the Energy and Commerce Committee on language that preserves the FCC’s duty to provide transparency to consumers about their cable bills and does not alter the FCC’s authority over broadband under section 706. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Communications and Technology Subcommittee Ranking Member ESHOO for 
her leadership on these issues and Chairman UPTON , Chairman W ALDEN , 
and Representative S CALISE for working with Democrats to address their concerns during the committee’s consideration of the bill. 
the progress we can make when we engage in a truly bipartisan process. The consideration of H.R. 734 should be a model for legislative efforts in our committee and the entire House. Working together through regular order, we crafted legislation that addressed concerns from both sides of the aisle, and I look forward to continuing to work with our Republican and Democratic colleagues in the Senate to help this bill become law. 
yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), our majority 
thank the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. WALDEN , for his leadership in bringing this forward and the ranking member, Mr. PALLONE , as well as Ms. E SHOO , the ranking member of 
the subcommittee, who has been working very closely I know with myself and others to bring a good, bipartisan bill that actually gets rid of outdated regulations and reports. 
actually reduces the workload that the FCC has placed for years and years that has been outdated. If you look at some of the reports that have been required for years that they are supposed to go and consolidate and accumulate, they have reports on competitiveness within the telegraph. Clearly, Mr. Speaker, it is long past time that we update these laws and get the FCC reform in place that will finally bring some consolidation so that industry can look at a full picture instead of a bunch of different silos and reports that are so outdated, like the telegraph, that they are not even being done, yet these laws are still on the books. 
a good bipartisan reform that shows that Congress can work to get these kinds of things done to actually make things simpler in the real world and make an agency like the FCC more efficient in their operations. 
urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
friend and colleague from New Jersey and ask our colleagues to support passage of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
the FCC Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015 (H.R. 734) is a reflection of what our Subcommittee can accomplish when we work together in a bipartisan manner. 
SCALISE and I introduced H.R. 734 as a way 
to streamline Congressionallymandated reporting requirements under a single, industry wide report. I’ve consistently supported this goal because it frees the FCC to focus on its ultimate mission: to protect the public interest and promote competition. These reports and the data collected serve a critical role in supporting the FCC’s decisionmaking and our work as policymakers on issues like 
broadband deployment and adoption, cable pricing and assessing the state of competition. 
734, two important clarifications were made. First, in our effort to consolidate reporting requirements, the legislation clarifies that the FCC’s ‘706’ Report does not in any way impact or alter the explicit grant of broadband authority that the court affirmed in the Verizon case last year. 
obligation to examine how retransmission consent fees impact a consumer’s monthly bill. 
question is will the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 734. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1020) to define STEM education to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘STEM Education Act of 2015’’. 
For purposes of carrying out STEM education activities at the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Environmental Protection Agency, the term ‘‘STEM education’’ means education in the subjects of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science. 
Science Foundation, through the Directorate for Education and Human Resources, shall continue to award competitive, meritreviewed grants to support— 
outofschool STEM learning and emerging STEM learning environments in order to improve STEM learning outcomes and engagement in STEM; and 
by grants under this section may encompass a single STEM discipline, multiple STEM disciplines, or integrative STEM initiatives and shall include— 
learning models, programs, and other resources for informal learning environments to improve STEM learning outcomes and increase engagement for K–12 students, K–12 teachers, and the general public, including design and testing of the scalability of models, programs, and other resources. 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
master’s degree and leadership training to prepare individuals to become master teachers in elementary and secondary schools; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E STY) 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
the STEM Education Act of 2015 is bipartisan legislation that includes computer science in the definition of STEM education for programs and activities at our Federal science agencies. The bill also supports and strengthens ongoing STEM education efforts at the National Science Foundation. Similar legislation passed the House last year by voice vote. 
this year. I also thank our new Research and Technology Subcommittee Chairwoman BARBARA COMSTOCK , Subcommittee Ranking Member D AN 
JOHNMOOLENAAR , and Representatives RANDY HULTGREN , L ARRY BUCSHON , 
and Technology Committee held several hearings on STEM education. Each hearing highlighted the importance of STEM education to keep America on the cutting edge of new products and ideas. Our hearings discussed the merits of ensuring computer science is included as a component of the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics that make up STEM education. Today a variety of jobs in industries from banking to engineering to medicine require familiarity with computer science. 
Statistics, computing and mathematics will be one of the top 10 fastest growing major occupational groups from 2010 to 2020, with a growth rate of 4 percent annually compared to 1 percent for all other industries. 
many other nations when it comes to STEM education. American students rank 21st in science and 26th in math. That must change for the better. 
youth have the scientific and mathematical skills to strive and thrive in a technologybased economy, but we have to capture and hold the desire of young adults to study STEM subjects so they will want to pursue these careers. 
STEM education programs and activities at the National Science Foundation. These activities reach students outside of the classroom and strengthen a student’s engagement in STEM subject areas. 
The STEM Education Act also ensures that teachers working towards a master’s degree program in STEM subjects can participate in the Robert Noyce Master Teacher Fellowship program. I thank Ms. ESTYfor this good 
for teachers who want to bolster their teaching skills. Through the Master Teaching fellowships, individuals receive training in order to become highly effective mathematics and science teachers. With this bill, the program now will encourage more teachers to pursue advanced degrees. 
A healthy and viable STEM workforce literate in all STEM subjects, including computer science, is critical to American industries. A welleducated and trained STEM workforce ensures our future economic prosperity. More graduates with STEM degrees means more advanced technologies and a more robust economy. 
Support for this bill from organizations like the STEM Education Coalition, STEM4US!, and Code.org illustrate the importance of aligning our 
Federal STEM programs with workforce needs. We must work to ensure that students continue to go into these fields so that their innovative ideas can lead to a more innovative and prosperous America. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
friend, Chairman SMITH, for his leadership on the Science Committee, particularly on STEM education. 
are considering the STEM Education Act on the House floor. I am grateful that we are advancing these important efforts in a bipartisan fashion, thanks in large part to the chairman’s willingness to work across the aisle. 
I would also like to thank and recognize the work of Representative LIPINSKIfor his diligent work on this and 
many other bills and my good friend EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON for her 
thoughtful leadership on STEM education and on all issues facing the Science Committee. 
The STEM Education Act of 2015 supports teachers who are preparing students to be the engineers, manufacturers, and scientists of tomorrow. We all know that students, particularly elementary school students, learn best when they are engaged and interested. 
can be difficult to spark a student’s passion for STEM subjects without innovative and creative learning environments. With more and more jobs of the 21st century requiring STEM skills, we need to better prepare our children for these goodpaying jobs. 
when my children had incredible teachers who made science and math accessible and fun. We should do all we can to support innovative, passionate teachers for every child in every school. 
my STEM Jobs Act, a bill expanding the Robert Noyce Master Teaching Fellowship program at the National Science Foundation. Currently, Master Teaching fellowships provide mentoring, training, and financial support to STEM professionals who want to enter the teaching profession. 
Noyce Teacher Scholarship programs. UConn’s Teachers for Tomorrow program prepares teachers throughout the State to teach math, biology, physics, and chemistry to students of all ages. At the University of Bridgeport, the Master Teacher Fellowship program places master physics teachers in high need high schools in southwestern Connecticut. 
Teaching Fellowship so that those who are working towards a master’s degree, not just those who already have a master’s degree, are also eligible to apply— supporting more passionate teachers 
and, in doing so, allowing more students to benefit from excellent STEM instructors. 
Our bill also promotes learning outside of the classroom. In Connecticut, we have the wonderful Connecticut Science Center, with incredibly creative exhibits like one called ‘‘Grossology,’’ where children can explore how to keep their bodies healthy by crawling through an enormous digestive system and experiencing a ‘‘larger than life sneeze,’’ perfect for inspiring our Nation’s future doctors and biomedical researchers. 
In addition to educating and inspiring our children, science centers, planetariums, and aquariums across the country also provide invaluable teacher training. Last year alone, the Connecticut Science Center trained nearly 1,200 teachers who then went on to teach and inspire tens of thousands of their students. 
Science Foundation to continue to award competitive grants for outof school STEM learning experiences for both students and teachers. 
step of expanding the definition of STEM for Federal programs and grants to include computer science. 
As a member of the Science Committee and Representative LIPINSKI ’s 
STEM Education Caucus, I have been a strong advocate for increasing literacy in computer science. This winter, I joined students from across the State and more than 100 million worldwide to participate in an hour of code. We learned basic computer programming skills and discovered it is a lot of fun. 
I also helped create the Congressional App Challenge and hosted this competition in my district where students created and built apps for their smartphones. The entries submitted by these high school students were incredibly innovative and useful, technologically advanced, as well as terrific examples of the problem solving we need all of our students to learn. 
keep teachers informed during a school emergency, a program to help students know if they are going to be able to catch their bus on time, an app I know that my children would have benefited from greatly on those cold Connecticut winter mornings—like this morning— and an app to help high school freshmen learn their way around a big new school. 
students experience for themselves how important and fun computer science can be; but, for example, in Connecticut, where only 65 schools across the State have dedicated computer science programs, it is critical that we continue to expand access to computer science education for all students. 
rising above partisan politics to advance the bipartisan STEM Education Act of 2015. This bill demonstrates that we can come together to help our children, to help them thrive, and to help ensure that they will be competitive in the 21st century global economy. 
their leadership and the committee staff for their hard work on the STEM Education Act. 
STEM champion, who is leading all of us on the Science Committee to truly recognize the importance of a robust and multidisciplinary STEM education and inspire us to do more across the board to support STEM. 
I look forward to working with Ranking Member JOHNSON and the rest of 
the committee to further advance our priorities in Congress. 
much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON ), my friend, the ranking member of the Science Committee. 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1020—although, reluctantly, I must qualify my support. I will begin with the parts of the bill that I strongly support. 
I want to thank Ms. ESTYfor her language to amend NSF’s Noyce Master Teacher Fellowship program. This is an important update to the program to ensure that we are tapping into our entire pool of talented math and science teachers who might serve as master teachers in their schools and districts. 
his language to authorize the National Science Foundation’s informal STEM education portfolio. While we know that informal STEM education learning holds great promise to increase engagement in STEM by diverse populations and to enhance learning of STEM content, there is still more R&D to be done to make sure we are developing and implementing the most effective programs. 
bill is unqualified. However, I must express my concern about the definition for STEM included in this legislation which differs in a significant way from the definition of STEM that Chairman SMITH proposed in last year’s version of 
would define STEM as ‘‘science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science.’’ Last year’s version, developed in collaboration with the STEM Education Coalition, read as ‘‘science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including other academic subjects that build on these disciplines such as computer science.’’ 
entire House agreed to last year, was agreed to because it left the door open 
for other critical fields such as statistics and geology that don’t cleanly fit into S, T, E, or M of STEM in K–12 teacher certifications and curricula. 
I think we can all agree to the importance of computer science education. The current disconnect between the high demand for information technology jobs and limited opportunities for students to be exposed to computer science at the K–12 level puts American students and American companies at a significant disadvantage. 
would implicitly devalue such fields as statistics and geology in order to highlight computer science. 
all fields of science. Without good statistics, the biomedical research results that we count on to develop new diagnostics and therapeutics for diseases would be meaningless. 
Without geology, oil and gas companies would not be able to locate and drill for new sources of energy. Without geology, we will never achieve early warning for earthquakes to save lives. Whether we are from Texas or California, we ought to place high value on geology. 
I am also baffled why this bill is so 
urgent that we had to skip regular order to bring it to the floor. I requested that the committee hold a hearing or a markup on this legislation so that we might settle the definition dispute in committee after an open and public debate, but my request was denied. 
today, but I hope that the Senate will be wiser than we are being today in defining STEM. This is not simply semantics. How and what science is taught in our Nation’s classrooms is essential to our future economic competitiveness, national security, and overall wellbeing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Is it too late for 
me to yield time to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ), who I 
had mentioned a while ago was on the way to the House floor to speak on this particular bill? 
gentleman from Texas ask unanimous consent to reclaim his time? 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ), who is a 
member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and is also vice chair of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology. 
and mathematics education is necessary to prepare today’s students for future job opportunities. H.R. 1020 will add computer science under the definition of STEM programs while providing STEM grants for the research of new, informal, outofschool methods for teaching STEM subjects. 
science competition, or an internship as a lab assistant, finding the best ways to teach these critical subjects outside of the classroom will help students who might not learn these subjects in a traditional setting. 
fill goodpaying jobs, STEM education has applications across the board, including skilled trades in construction, manufacturing, and welding. Every student who learns these skills will have the solid academic background to secure employment in a career field. 
This important legislation will benefit bright young minds outside of the classroom and help our country remain the world leader in research and innovation. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1020. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
National Engineers Week, I rise to recognize the importance of STEM education and training for our future engineers. 
will need almost 2 million engineers by 2018, and that some fields in engineering will experience a 30 to 70 percent growth during that timeframe. 
needs, a vast majority of schools do not offer K through 12 education that creates clear pathways into careers in engineering and STEMrelated feeds. 
School in Albany, New York, in the 20th District, to highlight this need and celebrate the good work being done in my congressional district to close the skills gap we see in this very vital discipline. 
economy of the future will be those that invest in the education of their next generation—particularly in engineering. I urge my colleagues to recognize this need and to work in their own communities to bolster engineering education nationwide and allow our Nation to become the kingpin of the future international economy. Let’s grow and cultivate those engineers. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
was only 37 years of age—a father, husband, community leader. He was Houston’s Fire Captain Dwight Bazile. 
fellow firefighters, was helping to put out a fire at a duplex when he suffered cardiac arrest. He collapsed in the street and was rushed to the hospital, where he died. He was doing his job. He was saving others when his life was taken. B.B. was described as having a gentle and caring personality. 
Mr. Speaker, firefighters are a special breed. They run into the flames that everyone else is trying to escape from. They work to restore order from chaos. That is why we call them first responders—because they are the first to help the people. 
Firefighters are a courageous and tenacious breed. They are uniquely American. 
people are created equal, but few become firefighters. Captain Bazile was one of those people. 
pray for his family. He was one of Houston’s finest. He died on duty—the 
duty of protecting and serving the people of Houston, Texas. He was quite a man, Mr. Speaker. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today as part of the growing chorus of Americans calling for Republicans to stop playing politics with the safety of the American people and to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
holding our national security hostage and compromising the government’s ability to guard our borders, patrol our waters, and protect our airports. 
force more than 40,000 Border Patrol agents and Customs and Border Protection officers out of work, but also 40,000 ActiveDuty Coast Guard military members and more than 50,000 TSA aviation security screeners, it would cause all of these folks either to be out of work or to work without pay indefinitely. 
more than 24,000 Homeland Security employees who could face similar impacts. 
they can lead Congress, they shouldn’t manufacture a bogus crisis. They should fund the agency responsible for protecting our Nation at once. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today, we commemorate the murder by the Cuban regime of three U.S. citizens and one U.S. resident: Carlos Costa, Armando Alejandre, Mario de la Pena, and Pablo Morales. 
brothers ordered the shootdown of the civilian Brothers to the Rescue plane and blew them out of the sky over international air space during an unarmed, humanitarian mission. 
searching the Straits of Florida to aid those who risked their lives on rafts to flee the oppressive yoke of the Castro regime that continues to rule over the island. 
that is responsible for killing these innocent heroes is now sitting across the table from U.S. Government officials 
and will be hosted by our own Department of State later this week—not a proud week for strong American values, Mr. Speaker. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise to salute a gentle giant by the name of Captain Brazile, a hero, a man who died in the line of fire, and a man who many of us got to know and love. 
He started in the Houston Fire Department at the age of 19, and he was called Baby Boy. That ultimately became B.B. Everyone who came in the distance of his heart and mind said that Captain Brazile was a mentor who taught men and women who were incoming firefighters. 
This past weekend, I flew into Houston and was able to go to his bedside on Saturday, to be able to see his family and his wonderful son, who he loves with deep and abiding love, and a wife who loved him without question. All of his fire brothers and sisters were all around. They had the opportunity to pray. 
He died in the line of duty, and on Saturday night into early morning on Sunday, I joined a throng of firefighters to proceed in the procession to take his body from the Memorial Hermann Medical Center to the medical examiners. 
we rode through those streets, through the neighborhoods that he fought for and fought fires, saved lives, and passed Fire Station 46 and all of his brothers and sisters, I felt a sense that his spirit had lifted up and that we had honored him by his travel and journey, that we will continue to honor him— Baby Boy, B.B., father, husband, great leader, hero, captain, firefighter—who died in the line of duty. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
question that families all across the country are asking themselves: How can we afford to send our children to college? 
The President’s plan to tax 529 college savings plans would have punished people who are saving for their children’s higher education. Instead of punishing families who are diligently saving for their children’s education, we should reward them, we should give them more certainty, and we should strengthen and improve these plans. 
valuable asset for millions of families who put aside money to help ensure 
that their children or their child will not be burdened with mountains of debt after they graduate from college. 
This week, I will be supporting legislation taken up in the House that will strengthen, that will expand, and that will modernize 529 college savings accounts so that more families have the opportunity to send their children to the higher education institution of their choice. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
ago yesterday, American Armed Forces fought their way to the summit of Mount Suribachi and raised the American flag on Iwo Jima. 
Franklin Borough, Pennsylvania, was one of six men in this iconic photo who helped to raise the flag. Sergeant Strank was part of the Greatest Generation, a generation that rolled back a dark totalitarian tide that broke upon the world in the first half of the 20th century. 
fought and is of great significance for the United States Marine Corps. More than 6,800 servicemen died in the battle, including Sergeant Strank, who was killed just 5 days after the flag was raised. 
the unfailing heroism and determination of those who fought. It reminds us that freedom is not free, that it has been hardwon, and that some—like Michael Strank—have made the ultimate sacrifice to protect it. 
of Sergeant Strank’s family this weekend, including his sister Mrs. Mary Pero. 
who served and their families who gave us such heroes. 
(Mr. BARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize a World War II icon, U.S. Marine Private First Class Franklin R. Sousley, of Fleming County, Kentucky. 
School, Sousley chose to enlist in the Marine Corps where he was assigned to Company E, 2nd Battalion, as a rifleman. 
Iwo Jima on February 19, 1945. During the intense fighting, American forces secured Mount Suribachi. Shortly thereafter, Sousley, alongside five other fellow servicemembers, raised a 
large U.S. flag, so it could be seen over the island. 
this raising of the U.S. flag led to an immortalized symbol of the American bravery, perseverance, and sacrifice endured by members of the U.S. Armed Forces during the intense battles of World War II. 
was taken, Sousley was killed in combat by a Japanese sniper. His remains were laid to rest in the Elizaville Cemetery in Fleming County, Kentucky, in my district. 
ultimate sacrifice defending freedom for generations; however, his memory lives on in the timeless photograph in the image depicted in the Iwo Jima Memorial outside of Washington, D.C., and through the gratitude of all Americans. 
ZELDIN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
about a month and a half ago, we heard the President speak to us about the economy, about his goals for America. He labeled his speech ‘‘middle class economics,’’ and tonight, I want to pick this issue up once again. 
We are here most every week discussing this issue, although last time we were up here, we took up another important issue, Alzheimer’s. But I want to come back to middle class economics, why it is important. Well, basically, it is important because it drives our economy. 
want to be in the middle class, and most of them are. Unfortunately, we have seen the decline of the middle class, their ability to own a home, a car, to provide for their family—but if the middle class is healthy, it will drive our economy, and it will create jobs, so the focus on the middle class becomes very, very important. 
their wages. If they are able to earn more money, then they will buy the home, the car, and the economy will grow, and other people will be able to enjoy the fruits of our economy. 
in a moment, but I just want to skip that over and go down to the other things. 
want to have a good health care program, so that if we get sick or injured, we will be able to get to a doctor, get to a hospital, get the care we need to get back on our feet, and to once again be productive or, in our old age, be able to enjoy our retirement? 
So the affordable health care becomes really important, and here, we 
to grow the middle class, and one such policy is infrastructure, which is the focus of tonight’s discussion. I want to just stay with this infrastructure issue for a few moments, and then I am going to invite my colleague from Minnesota, RICKNOLAN , to join us here. 
other theme, in addition to the middle class economics, is the Make It In America theme that we have been talking about for 4 years now. Trade, taxes, energy, labor, education, research, and infrastructure, these are the elements that we fold into our Make It In America agenda. 
to be a lot of discussion about that here in Congress over the next several months as the TransPacific Partnership comes up. Taxes, which we will pick up with the infrastructure issue in a few moments—energy is also part of the infrastructure issue. 
bringing the jobs back home, employing Americans, doing the things that we need to do in this country, whether it is the health care sector; the infrastructure; building the roads, the bridges, and the like; or education. That is the Make It In America agenda, and it is part of the middle class economics. In fact, it is the key to it. 
Well, there are certain things like this, a collapsed bridge. This is on Interstate 5 in the State of Washington. This is a bridge near the Canadian border. About 3 years ago, it went into the river, collapsed—one of about 163,000 deficient bridges here in the United States. 
we going to be able to address this problem? Well, we had better. 
The American Society of Civil Engineers, who build these things, have graded the American infrastructure, and I just want to go through it: aviation, our airports, which I believe the Vice President, in referring to LaGuardia, said even the developing countries have a better airport than LaGuardia in New York City, aviation, a D; bridges, Cplus—as I said, 156,000 deficient; dams, D; running water, D; energy, Dplus; hazardous waste, D; inland waterways, D; levees, to protect us from floods, D; our ports, a C; public parks and recreation, C; our railroads, Cplus—whoa, a Cplus; our highways, a D; our schools, that is where our kids are, a D; solid waste, we are doing pretty well, that is a B; our transit systems, D; wastewater, a D. 
the midst of a major drought, and it is perfectly clear that the wastewater systems are inadequate. If we were to also fund the recycling programs which could be connected to the wastewater, we could, in southern California, over the next half decade, create a million acre feet of new water as we recycle 
the water from the fifth biggest river on the west coast of the Western Hemisphere, the sanitation plants in southern California. 
Let me bring this home before I invite my colleague from the great State of Minnesota to join us on this issue. 
Earlier today, I was reading an article in The Sacramento Bee about the transportation systems in Sacramento. Let me just share some of these thoughts with you. 
In Sacramento, the average commuter spends 32 hours each year stuck in traffic. This amounts to $669 of lost productivity. That is literally wages that could have been earned if they weren’t stuck in traffic. For all of the commuters in the Sacramento area, which I represent, that is $834 million of commuting time. For the truckers in the area that are trying to pass through Sacramento on Interstate 5, on Interstate 80 or Highway 50, it is $199 million of lost productivity. 
in Riverside, a southern California city that I once represented when I was lieutenant governor, they want to build a 13mile streetcar system in the city of Riverside. It would cost about $300 million. The economic analysis that was done on that indicates that if they were to do it, there would be a 4 to1 return on investment. Now, you tell me which investment banker on Wall Street wouldn’t want to have a 4 to1 return on their investment. Well, the city of Riverside could have a 4to 1 return on their investment of $300 million to build that 13mile streetcar section. That is property values and economic development. 
This morning, The Wall Street Journal published an article in which the American Society of Civil Engineers was quoted that between 2012 and 2022, in America, because of the insufficient infrastructure—and remember, I just read you their GPA, mostly Ds—lost sales, $1 trillion of lost sales. For the United States, the delays will cost $3.1 trillion. And to bring it home to a single company—a big company but, nonetheless, just one company—United Parcel Service, UPS, all of those big brown trucks that are out there, $105 million in lost revenue. 
has put forward to us, the Members of Congress, a 6year, $478 billion transportation plan that will be paid for— fully paid for with the current gasoline and diesel tax not increased, keep it the same—and going out to those American corporations that are stiffing the American taxpayer by hiding their profits overseas. The President says: Bring those profits home; pay your fair share of the taxes. So there is a fully paidfor proposal before us here in the House of Representatives for a $478 billion, 6year transportation program. Now, I think our Speaker represents 
an area in Ohio near Kentucky, and I believe there is a bridge in that area called the Brent Spence Bridge. It crosses the Ohio River between Kentucky and Ohio. It was built for 80,000 cars a day, and now there are over 200,000 cars a day that pass over that bridge—or try to pass over that bridge—creating a monumental traffic jam and slowing down the entire economy in that region. 
underneath the bridge because the concrete in the bridge is falling off. They have a nice little safety net over the road beneath it, so perhaps, therefore, you won’t be hit by a falling piece of concrete. 
So the issue for us, the Representatives of the American public, is: Are we willing to put together a full transportation program so that these kinds of bridge collapses are pictures of yesterday, not the pictures of tomorrow’s future? 
us now. If you would come on down and join us, perhaps here on the floor, and take one of the microphones. 
history here in the House of Representatives. You were here in the early seventies as a Representative and then decided to go back to Minnesota and build a business, a lumber manufacturing, a timber manufacturing business. It was very successful. Then you came back to straighten us out, bringing all of that history to us. 
very much for joining us this evening as we talk about transportation and infrastructure in America. 
Mr. NOLAN. Well, thank you. The House historian tells me that my 
32year hiatus is the longest in the history of the House of Representatives. 
opportunity to learn about the private sector and learn about the necessity of transportation; and I think your business was dependent on that, both to get the materials to your lumber mill and then to export. 
Mr. NOLAN. Very much so. I also built an export trading company and did a little business all over the globe. People asked me what I sold. I like to tell them I sold, well, just about everything except guns and drugs, which is where all the real money was. 
It was really quite an eyeopening experience to see how the rest of the world does business, to get a better feel and understanding for the importance of agriculture and a better feel and understanding of agriculture as it relates to feeding a hungry world, but infrastructure and its importance to building the middle class here in the country, to laying the foundation for job growth and economic growth. And to come back here again after those years in business and in community service, I have got to be frank with you; I feel 
was to serve my district and to serve my Nation, and I am grateful to have the opportunity to be here. 
calling this to the attention of the American public, the importance of infrastructure, the importance of infrastructure to the middle class in this country, and the importance that it brings to the fulfillment of the American Dream. 
The American Dream is not everybody becoming a billionaire or a Pulitzer Prize winner. It is about contributing. It is about having a good job. It is about having a living wage. It is about having some money left over at the end of the week to take your family or your best friend and go out and have dinner or maybe wet a line and go fishing. And, quite frankly, that is what is getting away from us. 
the attention of people how transportation and infrastructure and its degradation that is taking place is related to, quite frankly, the demise and the decline of the middle class in this country. 
The simple truth is the rich are getting richer, the poor are getting poorer, the middle class is getting crushed, and, simultaneously, our infrastructure is falling apart. 
GARAMENDI ), you, too, have a background in business and public service and community service that gives you a good grasp and an understanding for the importance of all this. 
doubt about the importance of it. If you want to build good middle class jobs, a lot of those jobs are in the infrastructure. It may be a hardhat job out there putting up the steel and the concrete, the ironworkers or the cement masons or the operators of the heavy equipment. All of those are really good middle class jobs, no doubt about it, wherever they happen to be across the Nation. But also, in the back office, somebody has to do the accounting; somebody has to do the design work— the architects, the draftsmen and women that are involved. 
economy. And it is absolutely true that if we can fund—that is, pass—a 6year, robust transportation bill that is fully paid for, Americans would go to work in middle class jobs. That is the first effect: people will have jobs. And in building the infrastructure, you then lay the foundation for future economic growth. 
was thinking about your call for the family to be able to enjoy the fruits of life. And I am thinking about you have got some heavyduty hunting country up in your area. You are out in the backwoods of Minnesota, if I recall. 
Mr. NOLAN. I am. My nearest neighbor is a couple of miles away. 
are bear, deer, and fish. Mr. NOLAN. We have bear. We have 
duck. We have grouse. We have good hunting and darn good fishing, too. 
served many years ago, quite frankly, back in the seventies. I like to tell people I was only 10 years old at the time. 
When I first got back here, I said to 
a number of people: Perhaps you knew my father when he had served here back in the seventies. And there were always a couple of oldtimers in the back that would laugh. And everyone would say: Well, what is so funny about that? And they would say: Well, it wasn’t his father; it was him. 
But I have got to tell you, it was 
quite different. It was quite different than it is today. I had my staff do a little survey. We found that in the terms I served before, there was an average of about 8,000 subcommittee, full committee, and conference committee meetings here in the Congress. What that meant was that we got together 5 days a week in our committees. And all the diverse elements that make up America were all represented in those meetings, and that is how we found common ground; that is how we came together; that is how we fixed things; that is how we got things done. 
think, that process is important to good government. Because now we are faced with this gridlock; we are faced with this terrible partisanship, the seeming inability to be productive and to get things done. I think experts that study governance here in America are saying now that this immediate last Congress was the most unproductive in the history of the country. 
committee meetings in the past, yes, maybe around 1,000 of them were just formal hearings or, you know, you have got to give Jack Nicklaus a gold medal and do a reauthorization of Peanut Butter and Jelly Week. Well, guess what. This last session of Congress, we had about 1,000 of those meetings, and most of them were quite informal. 
we started the hearings about a year ago in the Transportation Committee because we knew that the transportation legislation needed to be reauthorized, we had everybody come in before that committee; and, boy, we were laying the foundation for a good reauthorization of a transportation and infrastructure bill. You were there every day. 
on that committee in so many areas, in so many ways. 
from the head of the national Chamber of Commerce to the heads of all the labor unions, the truckers, retail. Everybody came before that committee. 
asked every one of them, I said: I have three questions. And I remember the committee groaning, saying: Gee, NOLAN , you have only got 5 minutes. 
How are you going to do that? I said: Question number one, is there 
anyone here on this committee who disagrees with the notion that our infrastructure is badly in need of repair and is falling down and dilapidated? 
here—of all that group that was testifying—that disagrees with the notion that our ability to grow an economy and create good jobs is dependent upon a good, strong infrastructure? 
And then lastly, I said: Is there anybody on this committee who doubts that we need to find some new revenue to rebuild our infrastructure? 
And nobody disagreed. And I said: Make a note of it, Mr. 
Chairman, because we have got to write a bill here. And that is what we were there for. 
that the authorization for the Transportation Committee to write a bill was pulled away from the committee. Presumably, in the Speaker’s office or someplace else, it was decided that we should do a temporary reauthorization for 8 months; and, as you recall, we borrowed money from people’s private pension funds. 
people’s pension funds are short a little money potentially, and we still haven’t fixed the transportation problem. So one of the things I want to do here tonight, and I know you do as well, is to call upon the Speaker to let the committee do its work. We have got a good committee. You know it as well as I do and everybody else. There is a lot of goodwill in this Chamber among Democrats, Republicans, conservatives, and liberals, and if we are allowed to sit down in that committee and advance our ideas and argue the merits of them, we will find that common ground. We will find a way to get this country back on track with rebuilding our infrastructure. 
Someone said to me the other day here, and it almost broke my heart, when I was explaining this and they said: Well, isn’t it more efficient here by not using the committees? I said: Yeah, of course, it is. The Nazis and the Communists would love it. Democracy is a lot of hard work. There is so much goodwill in this Chamber, and there are so many good men and women. We get along fine. 
Let the committee do its job, and we will get a good transportation bill, and we will rebuild this middle class and rebuild our economy in a way that is fair to everyone. 
don’t have a choice. If we don’t pass a 
all public works, transportation programs, will come to a screeching halt. There will be no more Federal money, and it will simply stop. So we have got work to do. As you say, if the committee could have its way, we could put together a good bill. There has been a long history here of the transportation bill being a bipartisan bill. We can do that. 
through this. I get stacks and stacks of paper, and this one caught my eye. It is entitled, ‘‘Infrastructure Investment Creates American Jobs.’’ I said: Well, that is kind of a pretty good cover there. It has roads, bridges, ports, and so forth. It is the Duke Center on Globalization, Governance & Competitiveness. So it is the Duke University. Here they say: 
Old and broken transportation infrastructure makes the United States less competitive than 15 of our major trading partners and makes manufacturers less efficient in getting goods to market. 
over 900,000 jobs, including more than 97,000 American manufacturing jobs. 
when rebuilding infrastructure has the potential to create even more jobs. Relying on Americanmade inputs can also mitigate safety concerns related to largescale outsourcing. 
I am with you, Duke—Duke University. I am from the west coast, and I have problems with some of these east coast athletic teams, but, hey, I am with them on this one. Infrastructure creates American jobs. 
over and over again. This is from Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics. He is the former economics adviser for Senator JOHN MCCAINwhen 
the Senator ran for the United States Presidency. He put it this way: 
investment, $1.57 is pumped back into the American economy with well paying, middle class American jobs. 
This is just really critically important. The question for us, and the reason we are here on the floor and the reason we are talking about this issue of middle class economics and now transportation, is that we are up against another timeline here. We have got the transportation cliff, we have got a bridge that is collapsed, and the question is: Will this Congress provide a transportation bill that can bridge this collapsed bridge and rebuild it? I think we can. I know we must. 
we have become really, really good at something we used to play when I was a kid, and it is called kick the can. We have become really good at kicking the can down the road rather than just coming to grips with the reality that we have to have a longterm transportation bill. 
are longterm projects, and over the last I guess almost 7 years now we have not had a longterm bill. The longest 
one has been a 2year bill that passed 2 years ago, and that doesn’t give the planners enough time to plan these longterm projects or the assurance that the money, the Federal money, will be there; $478 billion, 6 years, fully paid for, doesn’t increase the gasoline or diesel tax but requires American 
corporations that have run away from their obligation to this Nation by hiding their profits overseas to bring those profits back and tax them accordingly. 
there for us. Can we do it? I don’t think we have any choice. I think we have to do it, Mr. NOLAN . I don’t know how you 
feel about it from Minnesota, but I know in California that we are in the midst of a major drought, and this is going to be the fourth year of a major drought in California, and it has been at least 30 years since there have been any major water infrastructure investments in California. Our economy in California is paying dearly for it. About onethird of the rice fields in my district are fallow. If you go further south into the San Joaquin Valley it is probably about the same percentage. Cantaloupes, cotton, and other kinds of row crops, tomatoes, are not being planted. 
We have to have in California investments in our water infrastructure. One of the things that my Republican colleague—and Mr. NOLAN , you spoke 
about bipartisanship—my Republican colleague from my area, Mr. LAMALFA , 
he and I are going to introduce tomorrow a piece of legislation to build a very large, offstream reservoir called Sites Reservoir. It is about 1.8, 1.9 million acrefeet of water. If that had been built a decade ago, the drought would still be very difficult. There would be a lot of trouble and a lot of lost opportunity. But at least we would have a very significant amount of water available stored in that reservoir to help us along. So we are going to do that. That is a major infrastructure program, and we will see if we can participate here at the Federal level with the participation that the State of California voters have already approved, a $7.6 billion bond act in which there is money for storage, both aquifer, underground, as well as surface storage, probably including the Sites Reservoir. 
this is a piece of legislation, we will present it to the Congress and the Senate and hopefully it will move along. Mr. NOLAN , I am sure that you have 
projects up in your area that are important, and perhaps you would like to pick up here. 
bridges are falling down could not be more evidenced than in Minnesota, where we had the catastrophic collapse of the I–35 bridge, which killed a number of people and did obviously irreparable damage to their lives and many others. Mr. GARAMENDI. This was the 
got several thousand bridges in my district alone, and several hundred of them have been certified as obsolete and in disrepair, in need of repair, and, of course, there are thousands and thousands of those bridges across the country. I held three transportation hearings back in Minnesota here recently, and the unanimity of agreement on what needs to be done is really quite unique. I mean, generally, if you get 50 people in a room in Minnesota you will have at least 40, 45 opinions. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, in California, you would have 150 opinions if you had 50 people. 
as you pointed out, we need a long term plan so that you can plan accordingly, and then do it responsibly in the most efficient and economical way. Everyone came up and said that we need it for our economic growth and our business, and they understand that, as you were pointing out earlier, good infrastructure is the foundation, it is the foundation for every single successful economy in this world. I have said to people on occasion: If you don’t want to pay any taxes, you can move to Zaire. I think they have about 2 miles of roads and no taxes, but you had better bring a little army with you to protect you. 
become real apparent—is the congestion. You must see that. We are seeing it in Minnesota. People are spending endless hours sitting in their cars trying to get to and from work, time that they could have used to sleep in an extra hour, get home in time for dinner with their family. 
Mr. NOLAN. Of course, you mentioned the collapse of the bridge. The other thing they want to see is some bipartisanship. I would like to remind our colleagues, as well as the folks back home, because you and I were there, and we were part of a couple of the few instances where, in the last session of Congress, the process was allowed to work. It was cumbersome, and it was contentious, but at the end of the day, we came together, and we passed a good, bipartisan farm bill. You and I were part of that. 
Mr. NOLAN. As well as our colleagues here on both sides of the aisle, and then we were allowed on the water 
resources bill, and we were able to put together a good bill. Not everybody got everything they wanted, but everybody was a part of it. They had a chance to advance their ideas. We had open rules. If you want to have an amendment or a good idea, you got a chance to advance it and get a vote on it. People want to see more of that as well. 
my folks back home brought it up. And that is—you mentioned the cost of not doing anything. Well, that would be devastating for America. It would be just devastating for our economy. I pray to God that would never happen. But our hope is, of course, it will be done in a responsible way that solves the problems and fixes these things. But there is a little factor. I have about a 5mile dirt road to my farm, and I went through two front ends on my new pickup truck until it became part of a local effort to pave the roads. My road got paved. That was 10 years ago. I am still driving the same pickup truck, and I haven’t lost any front ends. 
now or you pay me later. Boy, I tell you, these potholes and these washboard roads and bridges falling down, there is a heavy price to be paid for not fixing, maintaining, and upkeeping our roads and our bridges. 
about it—you can ruin your car real fast. That 5mile road was a county road, I assume, it was not your personal road? 
personal road. No, no, no. It was a combination county and township. But it helped to have been on the township planning committee. 
also important as we go about this infrastructure, and that is: Who is going to provide the material? I want to give you an example of why it is important that we honor the Buy America laws that exist today. We have had Buy America requirements in laws for almost 50 years now, and those requirements simply say that if it is our taxpayer money or your taxpayer money, then it should be used to buy Americanmade products and materials. 
San Francisco Bay Bridge. This is about a—what do we have here—$3.9 billion project. Excuse me—it is not $3.9 billion; it is about $6 billion. It is $3.9 billion over budget. This project replaces the old San FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge connecting the two cities across the bay that collapsed during the 1989 earthquake. The bridge went out to bid, and the contractor said: I can use Chinese steel, and it will be 10 percent cheaper if we use Chinese rather than Americanmade steel. So the State waived the Buy America requirements. They didn’t use them. They went out and bought Chinese steel. 
overbudget and poor material. In fact, today it is reported in the California newspapers that one of the major bolts, which is a 25foot bolt, and I don’t know, it must be several inches across, that holds down the main pier to the bridge is cracking. So we have a problem here. b2000 
bridge across the Hudson River. It is called the Tappan Zee Bridge, and it is made with American steel. American steel is being used. The total cost is $3.9 billion—notice, that is the cost of the overrun in California. There are 7,728 American jobs, and it is 100 percent made in America. 
When we go about this infrastructure, I want to make very, very sure that we maintain the Buy America requirements. We can do it. 
placard here. This is one of my favorites. This is a brandnew 100 percent Americanmade electric locomotive for the Washington, D.C., to Boston Northeast corridor. About 70 to 80 of these will be made. 
remember the stimulus bill—somebody wrote in $700 million for Amtrak to buy new locomotives, and they said: 100 percent Americanmade. 
companies looked at it, and a German company looked at this $700 million or so and 70 to 80 locomotives, 100 percent Americanmade, and they go: We can do that. 
German company, had a manufacturing plant in Sacramento, and they set about to make 100 percent American made locomotives. They built double the size of their factory, hired several hundred new workers, and they went out across the United States to find all the parts. 
Americanmade locomotives, a major infrastructure project, great for American jobs, great for the future. This is one of the first ones that came off the lot. 
to turn this back to my colleague from Minnesota. Today, on the east coast, Amtrak is going out to bid for 28 new highspeed train sets to travel between Washington, D.C., and Boston at maybe half again as fast as the current trains, so you can zip between the two cities— Washington, D.C., and New York—in, I don’t know, 2 hours or less. They want—Amtrak—wants a waiver from the Buy America provisions, and I am saying: No way, period. 
that is going to be used. You are going to buy America, we are going to make those train sets in America, and we can do it. Yes, we can—si se puede. 
things in America and create good middle class jobs in America, just like Siemens is doing in Sacramento when they are making 100 percent American made locomotives in Sacramento. 
build our infrastructure, as we put together the surface transportation plan, as we take the Water Resources Reform and Development Act. Keep in mind and always keep in place the Buy America provisions, so that your tax money is used on Americanmade 
your area, as well as it is in Sacramento, California, on the edge of my district, Mr. NOLAN . I know it is important to me, and I think it is important to Americans, that we use our tax money to buy Americanmade products that are employing Americans. 
Mr. NOLAN. Well, indeed, it is. I represent Minnesota’s Iron Range, the largest iron mines anywhere in the United States. We are dependent upon a good, strong market for U.S. steel and for Minnesotamade taconite and processed iron ore. 
others recently in petitioning the U.S. Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission to curtail the importation of cheap Korean steel. 
very, very good. The problem is that American steel is only providing about 70 to 75 percent of it. Close to over 30 percent of it is being foreign steel that is brought in. Foreign steel that, by the way, is subsidized by the foreign governments. 
can compete with anybody in the world, anybody in America, quite frankly, we can compete with anybody, but it has got to be fair trade. If they have governmentsubsidized, below market cheap steel coming in here, that is unfair trade. 
steel mills left here in America, and there is about 50,000 workers here. If we don’t find a way to curtail the importation of this cheap, subsidized steel, we are going to put all 12 of those steel companies out of business, we are going to put 50,000 steelworkers out of business and countless thousands of mining processors and workers in this country. 
class, we better start insisting on fair trade in this country, insisting—as you have so eloquently pointed out here— the significance and the importance of making it in America with U.S. steel when we are talking roads, bridges, railroads, pipelines, and all the rest. 
the San Francisco Bay Bridge built with Chinese steel. They built a brand new, one of the most advanced steel mills, making one of the most advanced types of steel in China—3,000 Chinese jobs, zero American. 
York, American steel—probably some of that iron ore from your district goes into making that steel. 
Mr. NOLAN. Oh, it did, no doubt. Mr. GARAMENDI. No doubt about it. Mr. NOLAN. And do you know what, 
John, I found in international trade, when it comes to quality, American steel is considered to be the best quality. 
Well, it might be the difference between a bridge falling down or standing; it might mean the difference between a pipeline breaking and polluting a wetland versus not doing that. 
there is a reason for the middle class, there is a reason for our economy, there is a reason for safety, there is a reason for health, there is a reason for environment, there are so many good reasons to make it in America, JOHN. 
Bridge, why was it $3.9 billion over? Because the steel was unsatisfactory. It was low quality, it had cracks in it, it didn’t meet the requirements, they had to go back and redo the welds—many, many issues. You are absolutely correct about quality, as well as about the jobs in America. 
Can I take up one more issue? Mr. NOLAN. Well, I am going to depart, but I really want to thank you for this session here and bringing it to the attention of our colleagues and people all across this country that care about America, care about goodpaying middle class jobs, and want to see us do what we have got to do here to come together, fix this thing, and continue the great progress that America has enjoyed. 
paying it forward, and now, it is time for us to step up and do what we have to do for the next generation. 
thank you so very much. The folks in the northern Minnesota area are blessed to have you return after a 32 year hiatus. You came back with a fire in your belly, and you are ready to go. 
issue, and then we will call it a night. America is blessed with a lot of energy. We have seen a resurgence of American energy here in the United States. We have seen us go from an importing Nation—we can be an exporting Nation. 
gas industry wants to do is to export a strategic national asset, that is our natural gas. It has allowed us to have one of the lower energy prices in the world. 
manufacturing in the United States. There are other factors. Clearly, the ability to have lowpriced natural gas is one of the ingredients in the resurgence of American manufacturing. 
Now, the gas industry wants to import a lot of gas so they can get two or three times more for the gas overseas. I want to be really careful here, I don’t want to drive up the price of natural gas, but if we are going to export this strategic national asset, then we ought to consider two other strategic issues for the United States. One of them is the merchant marines. These are the American sailors and American ships. Our military is absolutely dependent on the merchant marines. We ship a lot of things through the air on the big C–5As and the C–17s, but it is a small percentage of what we need if we go to Iraq or any other part of the world with our military. The merchant marines have historically, from the very earliest days of this Nation, been one of the key strategic assets in the United States. 
Navy and the shipyards that build the naval ships. Those shipyards are absolutely critical. If we didn’t have them, would we go to China to have them build our aircraft carriers and our submarines? I don’t think so. The shipyards are a strategic asset, absolutely essential for American defense. 
natural gas, a strategic asset; the merchant marines; and the shipbuilding. 
that is, if we are ever to export natural gas, it will be done in liquefied natural gas. You take the natural gas, you compress it into a liquid, and you put it on an LNG—liquefied natural gas— ship. This is an example of one liquefied natural gas ship. 
Cheniere—located in Texas will begin exporting LNG from a facility in Texas. They will need about 100 ships to export the full capacity of that LNG export facility. My sense of this is let us use that export of a strategic national asset to build and to grow the other two strategics. 
shipped from the United States be shipped on Americanmade tankers with American crews, thereby lifting up the ability of our Nation to grow its economy and to maintain its strategic defense industries—shipbuilding and the merchant marines—at the same time we ship and export a strategic asset. 
shipyards in America in the next two decades would be busy. American workers would be in those shipyards, they would be making the ships, so it would be the shipbuilders. 
in the ports around the United States— in Baltimore, in the south coast, along the gulf coast, and in California, San Diego, up in Washington, and even San Francisco—an opportunity to build our economy with, once again, infrastructure, a different kind of infrastructure, this is moving infrastructure, the great ships that will be all across the oceans of this Nation and in the harbors around the United States, American ships, Americanbuilt ships, American sailors, exporting American liquefied natural gas. 
make it in America. We can rebuild the American economy. We can focus on middle class economics with the infrastructure systems that we must build, the foundation for future economic 
build our ports, our water systems, our highways, our bridges, our airports, our sanitation systems. Let us have the American Society of Civil Engineers come back with an Aplus rating when they look at our airports, an Aplus rating when they look at our rail lines, our transit lines, when they look at our transit systems, when they look at our waste disposal systems. We don’t want to be a backwater. 
takes is the Senate and the House to pass a 6year surface transportation bill and infrastructure bills that are fully funded, that provide the foundation for middle class jobs, middle class economics, putting Americans back to work, and building this Nation’s future. 
GROTHMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
was in the cold, dark, damp, moldy walls of a beatup old Spanish mission that was already 100 years old at the time. He was a 27yearold lawyer from South Carolina and also from Alabama. He was the commander of 187 volunteers from 13 countries and most of the States in then the United States. His men were surrounded by several thousand of the enemy. It was the Alamo. It had been turned into a makeshift fort, and the commander was William Barret Travis. 
letter 179 years ago this very night, February 24, 1836. It is entitled Commander of the Alamo, February 24, 1836: 
To all the people of Texas and all Americans in the world, fellow citizens and compatriots: 
I am besieged by a thousand or more of the 
Mexicans under Santa Anna. I have sustained a continual bombardment and cannon fire for over 24 hours, but I have not lost a man. The enemy has demanded surrender at its discretion; otherwise, the fort will be put to the sword. I have answered that demand with a cannon shot, and the flag still waves proudly over the north wall. I shall never surrender or retreat. 
I call upon you in the name of liberty and 
patriotism and everything dear to our character to come to my aid with all dispatch. The enemy is receiving reinforcements daily and will no doubt increase to 3 or 4,000 in 4 or 5 days. 
If this call is neglected, I am determined to 
sustain myself for as long as possible and die like a soldier that never forgets his honor and that of his country. Victory or death. 
Besides Travis, there were other famous people: Davy Crockett, Jim Bowie, Jim Bonham, and many others. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting that all of these people were volunteers. They came from most States, 13 foreign countries. They were black, they were brown, and they were white. 
who were at the Alamo and died on March 6, 1836. 
?, John, Unknown, A Black Freedman, Unknown; Abamillo, Juan, Unknown, Garrison Member, Texas; Allen, James L., 21, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Andross, Miles DeForest, 27, Garrison Member, Vermont; Autry, Micajah, 43, Garrison Member, North Carolina; Badillo, Juan Antonio, Unknown, Garrison Member, Texas; Bailey, Peter James, 24, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Baker, Isaac G., 32, Garrison Member, Arkansas; Baker, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Missouri; Ballentine, John J., Unknown, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Ballentine, Richard W., 22, Garrison Member, Scotland; Baugh, John J., 33, Captain, Virginia; Bayliss, Joseph, 28, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Blair, John, 33, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Blair, Samuel, 29, Captain, Tennessee; Blazeby, William, 41, Captain, England; Bonham, James, 29, Second Lieutenant, South Carolina; Bourne, Daniel, 26, Garrison Member, England; Bowie, James, 40, Colonel, Kentucky; Bowman, Jesse, 51, Garrison Member, Tennessee. 
Brown, George, 35, Garrison Member, England; Brown, James Murry, 36, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Brown, Robert, 18, Garrison Member, Unknown; Buchanan, James, 23, Garrison Member, Unknown; Burns, Samuel E., 26, Garrison Member, Ireland; Butler, George D., 23, Garrison Member, Missouri; Cain, John, 34, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Campbell, Robert, 26, Lieutenant, Tennessee; Carey, William R., 30, Captain, Virginia; Clark, Charles Henry, Unknown, Garrison Member, Missouri; Clark, M. B., Unknown, Garrison Member, Mississippi; Cloud, Daniel William, 22, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Cochran, Robert E., 26, Garrison Member, New Hampshire; Cottle, George Washington, 25, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Courtman, Henry, 28, Garrison Member, Germany; Crawford, Lemuel, 22, Garrison Member, South Carolina; Crockett, David (Davy), 50, Colonel, Tennessee; Crossman, Robert, 26, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Cummings, David P., 27, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Cunningham, Robert W., 32, Private, New York. 
Darst, Jacob C., 43, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Davis, John, 25, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Day, Freeman, 30, Garrison Member, Unknown; Day, Jerry C., 18, Garrison Member, Missouri; Daymon, Squire, 28, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Dearduff, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Dennison, Stephen, 24, Garrison Member, England or Ireland; Despallier, Charles, 24, Garrison Member, Louisiana; Dewall, Lewis, 24, Garrison Member, New York; Dickinson, Almaron, 36 Captain, Pennsylvania; Dillar, John Henry, 31, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Dimpkins, James R., Unknown, Sergeant, England; Duvalt, Andrew, 32, Garrison Member, Ireland; Espalier, Carlos, 17, Garrison Member, Texas; Esparza, Gregorio, 34, Garrison Member, Texas; Evans, Robert, 36, Garrison Member, Ireland; Evans, Samuel B., 24, Garrison Member, New York; Ewing, James L., 24, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Fauntleroy, William H., 22, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Fishbaugh, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Unknown. Flanders, John, 36, Garrison Member, Massachusetts; Floyd, Dolphine Ward, 32, Garrison Member, North Carolina; Forsyth, John Hubbard, 38, Captain, New York; Fuentes, Antonio, 23, Garrison Member, Texas; Fuqua, Galba, 16, Garrison Member, Alabama; Garnett, William, 24, Garrison Member, Virginia; Garrand, James W., 23, Garrison Member, Louisiana; Garrett, James Girard, 30, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Garvin, John E., 27, Garrison Member, Unknown; Gaston, John E., 17, Garrison Member, Kentucky; George, James, 34, Garrison Member, Unknown; Goodrich, John C., 27, Garrison Member, Virginia; Grimes, Albert Calvin, 19, Orderly Sergeant, Georgia; Guerrero, Jose ´ 
Gwynne, James C., 32, Garrison Member, England; Hannum, James, 21, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Harris, John, 23, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Harrison, Andrew Jackson, 27, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Harrison, William B., 25, Commanding Officer, Ohio; Haskell, Charles M., 23, Garrison Member, Tennessee. 
Ireland; Hays, John M., 22, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Herndon, Patrick Henry, 32, Garrison Member, Virginia; Hersee, William Daniel, 31, Sergeant, England; Holland, Tapley, 26, Garrison Member, Ohio; Holloway, Samuel, 28, Garrison Member, Philadelphia; Howell, William D., 39, Garrison Member, Massachusetts; Jackson, Thomas, Unknown, Garrison Member, Ireland; Jackson, William Daniel, 29, Lieutenant, Ireland; Jameson, Green B., 27, Lieutenant, Kentucky or Tennessee; Jennings, Gordon C., 56, Corporal, Connecticut; Jime ´nez, Damacio, Unknown, Garrison Member, Unknown; Johnson, Lewis, 23, Private, Virginia; Johnson, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Jones, John, 26, Lieutenant, New York; Kellogg, John Benjamin, 19, Lieutenant, Kentucky; Kenny, James, 22, Garrison Member, Virginia; Kent, Andrew, Unknown, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Kerr, Joseph, 22, Garrison Member, Louisiana; Kimbell, George C., 33, Lieutenant, Pennsylvania. 
Mississippi; Lewis, William Irvine, 30, Garrison Member, Virginia; Lightfoot, William John, 31, Third Corporal, Kentucky; Lindley, Jonathan, 22, Garrison Member, Illinois; Linn, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Massachusetts; Losoya, Jose ´Toribio, 27, Private, Texas; Main, George Washington, 29, Second Lieutenant, Virginia; Malone, William T., 18, Garrison Member, Virginia or Alabama; Marshall, William, 28, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Martin, Albert, 28, Garrison Member, Rhode Island; McCafferty, Edward, Unknown, Lieutenant, Unknown; McCoy, Jesse, 32, Garrison Member, Tennessee; McDowell, William, 42, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; McGee, James, Unknown, Garrison Member, Ireland; McGregor, John, Unknown, Second Sergeant, Scotland; McKinney, Robert, 27, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Melton, Eliel, 38, Lieutenant, Georgia; Miller, Thomas Redd, 31, Garrison Member, Virginia; Mills, William, 20, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Millsaps, Isaac, 41, Private, Tennessee. 
Mitchasson, Edward F., 30, Private, Virginia; Mitchell, Edwin T., 30, Private, Unknown; Mitchell, Napoleon B., 32, Private, Tennessee; Moore, Robert B., 30, Garrison Member, Virginia; Moore, Willis A., 28, Garrison Member, North Carolina; Musselman, Robert, 31, Sergeant, Ohio; Nava, Andre ´s, 26, 
Sergeant, Texas; Neggan, George, 28, Garrison Member, South Carolina; Nelson, Andrew M., 27, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Nelson, Edward, 20, Garrison Member, South Carolina; Nelson, George, 31, Garrison Member, South Carolina; Northcross, James, 32, Garrison Member, Virginia; Nowlan, James, 27, Garrison Member, England or Ireland; 
Pagan, George, 26, Garrison Member, Unknown; Parker, Christopher Adams, 22, Garrison Member, Unknown; Parks, William, 31, Garrison Member, North Carolina; Perry, Richardson, 19, Garrison Member, Texas or Mississippi; Pollard, Amos, 32, Garrison Member, Massachusetts; Reynolds, John Purdy, 29, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Roberts, Thomas H., Unknown, Garrison Member, Unknown. 
Member, Tennessee; Robinson, Isaac, 28, Fourth Sergeant, Scotland; Rose, James M., 31, Garrison Member, Ohio; Rusk. Jackson J., Unknown, Garrison Member, Ireland; Rutherford, Joseph, 38, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Ryan, Isaac, 31, Garrison Member, Louisiana; Scurlock, Mial, 26, Garrison Member, North Carolina; Sewell, Marcus L., 31, Garrison Member, England; Shied, Manson, 25, Garrison Member, Georgia; Simmons, Cleveland Kinloch, 20, Lieutenant, South Carolina; Smith, Andrew H., 21, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Smith, Charles S., 30, Garrison Member, Maryland; Smith, Joshua G., 28, Sergeant, North Carolina; Smith, William, 25, Garrison Member, Unknown; Starr, Richard, 25, Garrison Member, England; Stewart, James E., 28, Garrison Member, England; Stockton, Richard Lucius, 19, Garrison Member, New Jersey; Summerlin, A. Spain, 19, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Summers, William E., 24, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Sutherland, William DePriest, 17, Garrison Member, Unknown. 
Taylor, Edward, 24, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Taylor, George, 20, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Taylor, James, 22, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Taylor, William, 37, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Thomas, B. Archer M., 18, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Thomas, Henry, 25, Garrison Member, Germany; 
Thompson, Jesse G., 38, Garrison Member, Arkansas; Thomson, John W., 29, Garrison Member, Virginia; Thurston, John M., 23, Second Lieutenant, Pennsylvania; Trammel, Burke, 26, Garrison Member, Ireland; Travis, Wlliam Barret, 26, Lieutenant Colonel, South Carolina; Tumlinson, George W., 22, Garrison Member, Missouri; Tylee, James, 41, Garrison Member, New York; Walker, Asa, 23, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Walker, Jacob, 36, Garrison Member, Tennessee; Ward, William B., Unknown, Sergeant, Ireland; Warnell, Henry, 24, Garrison Member, Unknown; Washington, Joseph G., 28, Garrison Member, Kentucky; Waters, Thomas, 24, Garrison Member, England; Wells, William, 47, Garrison Member, Georgia; White, Isaac, Unknown, Sergeant, Alabama or Kentucky. 
Williamson, Hiram James, 26, Sergeant Major, Pennsylvania; Wills, William, Unknown, Garrison Member, Unknown; Wilson, David L., 29, Garrison Member, Scotland; Wilson, John, 32, Garrison Member, Pennsylvania; Wolf, Anthony, 54, Garrison Member, Spain; Wright, Claiborne, 26, Garrison Member, North Carolina; Zanco, Charles, 28, Garrison Member, Unknown. 
hardy band of frontiersmen and patriots, shopkeepers, lawyers were a frightful sight to see. They did not wear uniforms. They wore what they worked in. They entered the Alamo, and they stood there for 13 days, fought here at this place, and all died for Texas freedom. 
dictator by the name of Santa Anna. He had abolished the Constitution of Mexico. Texas was a part of Mexico at the time. He had abolished the Constitution and set up a dictatorship. 
You notice that the flag that is flying over the Alamo is the Mexican flag. The Mexican eagle has been removed, and it has the date 1824 on it. That is the date that the Republic of Mexico established a Constitution. The defenders of the Alamo were hoping to reestablish a democracy in Mexico, which Texas was a part of. 
and all 187 of the Texans were killed, other Texans went ahead and rallied for Texas independence from Mexico. As I said, the defenders of the Alamo were from all races. Nine, maybe 11 were Tejanos. Tejano is a uniquely Texas name. Those are individuals of Mexican or Spanish descent that were born in Texas, thus the name Tejano. 
reasons, but, one, it stopped Santa Anna’s invasion of Texas. Texas was one of several states in Mexico that had rebelled against Santa Anna’s dictatorship. 
numerous states in Mexico that were established, but several of those, including Texas, Coahuila y Tejas, Tamaulipas, Nuevo Leon, Yucatan, all of them rebelled about the same time against Mexico, in 1835, 1836, because Santa Anna established a dictatorship and abolished the democracy. 
None of these other states that rebelled were successful in creating independence except Texas. Santa Anna used his army and went through his own country, destroying and defeating any resistance to his dictatorship, and he had taken all of these states back, so to speak, when he invaded what is now the State of Texas. So he had well seasoned troops when he came into the State of Texas in 1836. 
1835. In October of 1835, the Mexican Army had come upon a small town in Gonzales, Texas, and had demanded that the townspeople turn over to the Mexican Army a small cannon that they had to defend themselves from Indians in the area. The locals, the Texans, refused to turn over the cannon. 
called it the Come and Take It flag, that had a white background and then painted in a cannon that said, ‘‘Come and Take It.’’ That is the famous Come and Take It flag that was used, the first flag that was used in the Texas war of independence. 
were fired by both sides—I don’t think anybody was hurt very bad—the Mexican Army left, but most importantly they left without taking the arms, the cannon from the Texas people who lived in Gonzales. That was the spark that started the Texas war of independence and revolution. 
and by February of 1836, Travis and his band of volunteers had found themselves in the Alamo to thwart the invasion of the larger army of Santa Anna that was coming from the south. Their 
defense of the Alamo for 13 days gave the rest of Texas time to build another army to eventually fight Santa Anna. That army was, of course, led by General Sam Houston at the time. 
reasons, but the primary reason was to fight for liberty for Texas and Texas independence. When Travis realized that he wasn’t getting any aid except for a small band of individuals from Gonzales, Texas, that came and volunteered when Travis sent out that first letter, he penned this letter on March 3, 1836. Travis addressed his last letter to the Council at Washingtononthe Brazos that was not far from the Alamo or San Antonio, Bexar—what it was called at that time—in hopes that they would understand his plight. 
Fehrenbach, the noted Texas historian, were still show defenses, still flew the flag. His men were on duty and in combat that day and every day and night. They were exhausted. Travis expected no rescue, and he wrote, according to Fehrenbach, apparently to stir his countrymen into action that the country might be saved. He was speaking of Texas. 
Here is what he said in that last letter: 
I shall have to fight the enemy on its own 
terms. I will do the best I can. The victory will cost the enemy so dear that it will be worse for him than defeat. I hope your honorable body will hasten reinforcements. Our supply of ammunition is limited. God and Texas. Victory or death. 
later, they were all killed in the Alamo, even though they inflicted tremendous losses against the invasion by Santa Anna. But Travis was right, victory would cost the enemy more than defeat. It did give Sam Houston and other Texas volunteers enough time to assemble another army. Not a large army, it was only 600 individuals. 
met Sam Houston and his 600 volunteers, which once again included men from several countries, included men from several States, and had numerous Tejanos involved fighting from the side of the Republic of Texas, including Juan Seguin, Captain Seguin and his volunteers, his cavalry that was there. 
the battle took place on April 21, 1836, on the plains of San Jacinto—you have never heard of that, Mr. Speaker, but it is near what is now Houston, Texas, down on the gulf coast, in the marsh area—Juan Seguin made sure that he had all of his Tejanos, the cavalry, put playing cards in the hatbands of their hats so that they wouldn’t be mistaken for the enemy. In those days, apparently, the playing cards that were used to gamble were much larger than the small ones we have. So they placed these playing cards in their hatbands so they could be recognized as fighting on the side of the Texas volunteers because, once again, they didn’t wear 
The battle that took place that Travis was able to delay the army of Santa Anna in reaching this battle was an interesting military feat. Most battles take place, have taken place throughout history, in the early hours of the day. At sunrise, two armies get together and fight it out. They have done that for thousands of years. Even still today in World War II, Vietnam, battles were fought at dawn. 
Jacinto—did not take place at dawn; it took place in the middle of the afternoon on April 21 because Santa Anna and his army were taking a siesta in the middle of the day. They didn’t expect the battle until the next morning. 
Sam Houston and his other commanders didn’t want to wait until the next day—the troops were getting restless, as they say—so they decided to have that battle in the afternoon. They lined up in a single column across the high ground and marched in broad daylight. 
so he had no one to warn him that the Texans were charging. They came down the hill, and the battle began. 
over. Santa Anna had been completely defeated. More of the enemy were killed than were in the Texas Army. The rest were captured. Only a handful—13 Texans—were killed, and the battle lasted 18 minutes. Santa Anna was captured. He was pretending to change clothes, and he put on the uniform of a Mexican private. He was captured and held. 
23, 1836, and writes this famous letter. He and the defenders were killed on March 6. In between that, on March 2, 1836, Texas had declared independence. Then, just a few weeks later, on April 21, about 200 miles or so from the Alamo, the Battle of San Jacinto took place. Sam Houston won that battle, and Texas became a free and independent country. 
You may not have seen something like this. This is what Texas claimed when Texas became an independent country—what is now modernday Texas— and you see that here on this map; but it also had claimed parts of Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, Colorado, and parts of Wyoming. Texas claimed all of this area when Texas became the Republic of Texas. 
of the Republic of Texas. Texas was an independent country for 9 years, and then it decided to request to join the United States. Even how Texas joined the United States was an interesting phenomena. 
become a part of the United States. Finally, after several tries and failures to become a State in the United States, 
Texas became a State in the United States by one vote when, apparently, a Louisiana Senator changed his mind and voted to annex Texas and make it the next State in the United States. 
then, Texas gave up its sovereignty as a republic and became a State. Some say that we still act like we are a foreign country, a sovereign country. 
become a part of the U.S., the Texas flag always is supposed to fly level with the American flag, since we were a republic. Texas can divide into five states. I don’t ever see that happening, but Texans can make that decision and split the State up to make it five different states. 
America has a unique history, and it goes back to the fact that Texans did not want to live under a dictatorship no matter who it was. 
at the Alamo. All races fought for Texas independence, for freedom, and for liberty—very similar to the actions that took place with the Thirteen Colonies in how they were being oppressed by Great Britain. 
Great Britain—the most powerful empire that had ever existed at the time— and very few people thought that Texas could defeat Mexico. After all, Santa Anna had defeated all of these other parts of Mexico that were in rebellion. He had not lost any battles when he came and invaded Texas. 
could defeat them, but it did because some things are worth fighting for and giving their lives for. That is why those 187 individuals from all walks of life, from different parts of the world— Brown, Black, and White—stood together as volunteers to defend the Alamo and help freedom ring in a part of the world that we call Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I think you are probably old enough to have heard of Marty Robbins. Maybe you haven’t. Marty Robbins, years ago, the singer, wrote a ballad in honor of the people who stayed and defied tyranny and gave their lives fighting for freedom, for Texas. 
In the southern part of Texas in the town of 
There’s a fortress all in ruin, and the weeds 
You may look in vain for crosses, and you’ll 
never see a one, but sometime between the setting and the rising of the Sun, 
You can hear a ghostly bugle as men go 
You can hear them as they answer to that 
Colonel Travis, Davy Crockett, and 180 more; Captain Dickinson, Jim Bowie stand present 
‘‘Get some volunteers, and go and fortify the Alamo.’’ 
Well, the men came from Texas and from old 
They joined up with Travis just to fight for 
the right to be free. Indian scouts with squirrel guns and men 
So, in the sand, he drew a line with his army 
Out of 185, not a soldier crossed the line. With his banners adancin’ in the dawn’s 
He sent an officer to tell Travis to surrender. Travis answered with a shell and a rousin’ 
Santa Anna said, ‘‘I will show them no quarter. Everyone will be put to our sword.’’ 
185 holding back 5,000. 5 days, 6 days, 8 days, 10 days, Travis kept 
breached the wall, and he killed them one and all. 
Now the bugles are silent, and there is rust 
And the small band of soldiers lies asleep in 
In the southern part of Texas, near the town 
Like a statue on his pinto rides a cowboy all 
Santa Anna’s guns were blazin’ and the cannons used to roar. 
His eyes turn a little misty, and his heart begins to glow, 
And he takes his hat off slowly to those men 
To the 13 days of glory at the siege of the 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise today to speak about a very special seventhgrader from Hamburg, Iowa, in Fremont County, located in the Third Congressional District, which I represent. 
Autumn Gadoua is the statewide winner in the Iowa League of Cities’ Fifth Annual ‘‘If I Were Mayor’’ contest. This annual essay contest allows students to form and express ideas regarding citizenship and leadership. Autumn and the other district winners are being recognized at a ceremony at the Iowa State Capitol building in Des Moines. 
she were mayor of her hometown, she would pursue policies that would preserve the town’s history and the historical brick buildings for current and new businesses. She notes that this policy would connect the past to the present and would promote growth for 
opportunities to help businesses thrive, bring new businesses and families to the town, promote green solutions, recycling, and support police officers and firefighters to keep them and the citizens of the community safe. 
to teach children the responsibilities of a mayor and give examples of good citizenship. To help children grow and learn, I would establish an afterschool youth club. Being mayor is a big responsibility but one that is rewarding and important to me. 
for her awardwinning essay and for proving that the next generation of leaders in Iowa and this Nation is already preparing for its time of service. 
her family and her teachers and fellow students in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Autumn Gadoua and in wishing her continued success in the future. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 25, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Communications and Information, Department of Commerce, transmitting a report on the Transition of the Stewardship of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) Functions through January 31, 2015, pursuant to Public Law 113235; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Illinois; VOM Definition [EPAR05OAR2014 
528. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Commerce. H.R. 212. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of cyanotoxins in drinking water, and for other purposes, with amendments (Rept. 114–26). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Commerce. H.R. 734. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens (Rept. 114–27). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 121. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 529) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–28). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N EAL, Mr. S AM 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. N UNES , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
REICHERT , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OSKAM, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
REED, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M EEHAN, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. H OLDING, and Mr. C ARNEY ): 
H.R. 1021. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve the integrity of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, 
and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
Security Act of 2002 to authorize the use of Urban Area Security Initiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding to counter violent extremism; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
HANNA , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. J UDY 
H.R. 1023. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to provide for increased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. WITTMAN, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
RIGELL , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. E DWARDS ): 
H.R. 1024. A bill to provide for the compensation of furloughed Department of Homeland Security employees in the event of a lapse in Department of Homeland Security appropriations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1025. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to modify the exception to the work requirement; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 1026. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the release of information regarding the status of certain investigations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. L EE, 
H.R. 1027. A bill to cap the emissions of 
greenhouse gases through a requirement to purchase carbon permits, to distribute the proceeds of such purchases to eligible individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1028. A bill to provide for the implementation of the negotiated property division regarding Former Fort Wingate Depot Activity in McKinley County, New Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LUCAS (for himself, Mr. PETER SON, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. L UMMIS, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
H.R. 1029. A bill to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. H ARRIS, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P EARCE , 
H.R. 1030. A bill to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Ms. M OORE , and Mr. H OYER ): 
Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
PETERS , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. B ERA): 
H.R. 1032. A bill to withhold the pay of 
Members of Congress in the event of a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on House Administration. 
RYANof Ohio, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. N ORTON, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. 
H.R. 1033. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the John P. Parker House in Ripley, Ohio, as a unit of the National Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for himself, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
H.R. 1034. A bill to provide for an accounting of total United States contributions to the United Nations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 1035. A bill to amend chapter 81 of 
title 5, United States Code, to create a presumption that a disability or death of a Federal employee in fire protection activities caused by any of certain diseases is the result of the performance of such employee’s duty; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1036. A bill to provide for the repayment of amounts borrowed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from the Treasury of the United States, together with interest, over a 30year period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1037. A bill to require all Members, officers, and employees of the House of Representatives to complete annual ethics training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 1038. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to retain a copy of any reprimand or admonishment received by an employee of the Department in the permanent 
record of the employee; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. P AYNE , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. S ERRANO ): 
H.R. 1039. A bill to provide for the establishment of a global affairs strategy and assistance for people of African descent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 1040. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide taxpayers a flat tax alternative to the current income tax system; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1041. A bill to make payments by the 
Department of Homeland Security to a State contingent on a State providing the Federal Bureau of Investigation with certain statistics, to require Federal agencies, departments, and courts to provide such statistics to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and to require the Federal Bureau of Investigation to publish such statistics; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to improve 21st Century Community Learning Centers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1044. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act to modify the application of certain provisions regarding the inclusion of entire metropolitan statistical areas within nonattainment areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1045. A bill to assign the responsibility for conducting prosecutions for violations of the laws of the District of Columbia to the head of a local prosecutor’s office designated under local law of the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1046. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the rule providing parity for the exclusion from income for employerprovided mass transit and parking benefits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. M CNERNEY): 
H.R. 1047. A bill to authorize private nonprofit organizations to administer permanent housing rental assistance provided 
under the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1048. A bill to clarify that funding for 
H.R. 1049. A bill to clarify that funding for 
the Securities Investor Protection Corporation is not subject to the sequester; to the Committee on the Budget. 
H.R. 1050. A bill to clarify that funding for 
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board is not subject to the sequester; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California (for herself, Mr. ROHRABACHER , 
H.R. 1051. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to designate John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California, as a U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) port of entry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1052. A bill to amend the Wild and 
Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Molalla River in the State of Oregon as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
framework for the comprehensive protection of personal data for individuals under the aegis of the Federal Trade Commission, to amend the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 to improve provisions relating to collection, use, and disclosure of personal information of children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M ULVANEY , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. R IBBLE , 
H.R. 1054. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to extend the basis for the denial of retirement credit, for service as a Member of Congress, to include conviction of any felony under Federal or State law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. L ONG, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, Mr. T URNER , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C OOK, Mr. J ORDAN, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. B ARTON, Ms. K USTER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K IND, Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. F LORES , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. B YRNE , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. R OSKAM, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. F RELING HUYSEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Ms. F OXX, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 17. Concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Georgia, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. R USH, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
H. Con. Res. 18. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States Postal Service should issue a commemorative postage stamp honoring civil rights workers Andrew Goodman, James Chaney, and Michael Schwerner, and the ‘‘Freedom Summer’’ of 1964, and that the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee should recommend to the Postmaster General that such a stamp be issued; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. B ASS, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
PAYNE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. A LGREEN of 
goals and ideals of the designation of January 1, 2015, to December 31, 2024, as the ‘‘International Decade for People of African Descent‘‘; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
KAPTUR , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H. Res. 122. A resolution providing assistance to Ukraine for fulfillment of the economic, social, and government reform requirements necessary for membership eligibility to the European Union, in keeping with the will of a majority of the people of Ukraine and their Government; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
TAKAI, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L EVIN, 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and 
for designation of August 6 as National Voting Rights Day; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the House of Representatives of the State of Ohio, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 54, urging the Congress to continue the full funding and production of the F35; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
9. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Ohio, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 54, urging the Congress to continue the full funding and production of the F35; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
10. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Ohio, relative to House Resolution No. 283, urging the Congress and the Department of Defense to protect and uphold the religious and free speech rights of military service members; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Veterans’ Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1021. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1022. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 1023. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 1024. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power) 
H.R. 1025. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1026. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 1027. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1028. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the power to enact this law. 
H.R. 1029. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Power vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1030. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Power vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1031. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1032. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1033. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1034. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with 
the Indian tribes; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1035. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1036. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
H.R. 1037. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1038. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1039. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1040. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
constitutionally enumerated power to enact legislation pertaining to an income tax pursuant to Article I, Section VIII, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect Taxes.’’ 
Moreover, Congress was given the authority to tax income at the federal level pursuant to Amendment XVI, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ 
H.R. 1041. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 4, section 4 of the United States Constitution: The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against domestic violence. 
H.R. 1042. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1043. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To. . .provide for the. . .general Welfare of the United 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
Because the federal government has extended Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Commerce Clause) beyond its intended boundaries, it follows that efforts to rein in excessive federal government encroachment in this area can be justified by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and the other relevant constitutional authorities. 
H.R. 1045. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1046. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1047. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1048. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 1049. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 1050. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the 
H.R. 1051. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1052. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1053. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1054. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which states that ‘‘The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States.’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. L ABRADOR , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 197: Mr. A SHFORD and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 204: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina and 
H.R. 231: Mr. R OSS, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. C LAWSON  
H.R. 235: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. N UNES , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. 
CRAMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. P OMPEO , and Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 284: Mr. B LUM, Mr. R USH, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 288: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 292: Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
LANCE , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 297: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P ALLONE , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 314: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 333: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. T URNER , Ms. 
H.R. 358: Mr. C OLE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. 
H.R. 402: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. H URTof Virginia, and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 452: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 456: Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 461: Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 572: Mr. L ATTA and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 577: Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 578: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 590: Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 592: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
H.R. 600: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 602: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. Buchanan, Ms. 
H.R. 612: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. C ARTER  
H.R. 638: Mr. B LUM, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. F RELING HUYSEN . 
H.R. 650: Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. H ARPER, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 653: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 658: Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. 
HIGGINS , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . 
H.R. 663: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. K ELLY  
H.R. 667: Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. B ORDALLO , and 
H.R. 685: Mr. P AULSEN and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 699: Mr. D OGGETT and Mr. G ENEGREEN  
H.R. 711: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. M ARCH ANT. 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
York, and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 722: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 746: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. 
H.R. 752: Mr. T AKANO and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 768: Mr. B EYER and Ms. W ILSON of 
H.R. 775: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. L EVIN and Mr. 
H.R. 776: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 793: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
H.R. 814: Mr. B OST, Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. 
H.R. 815: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
H.R. 816: Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. H URTof 
Virginia, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. F ORBES  
H.R. 818: Mr. R OYCE and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 823: Ms. M ENG, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. 
H.R. 825: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
COOK, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. 
H.R. 836: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 845: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 846: Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. 
BERA, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. H AHN, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. L EE, Mr. V ELA, Ms. L OFGREN , 
H.R. 855: Mr. T URNER and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 863: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. K USTER , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
H.R. 868: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. J ONES , Ms. E STY, Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. 
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
H.R. 876: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 902: Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C ONYERS , and 
H.R. 911: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 913: Ms. L EE, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. R USH, Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. 
H.R. 920: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
H.R. 923: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
H.R. 927: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C RENSHAW , and Ms. 
H.R. 928: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
H.R. 931: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 932: Mr. B EYER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
H.R. 938: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 969: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. K ATKO , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K IND, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
MATSUI , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 977: Mr. L ONG, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. T IBERI , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. 
H.R. 978: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. F OXX, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. F LEMING, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 982: Mr. C LAYand Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 993: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 997: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. G IBSON, and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 1020: Mr. M CKINLEY and Ms. H ERRERA  
H. Res. 12: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Ms. L ORETTA  
Illinois, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. R OYCE , Ms. H AHN, Mr. B ERA, 
H. Res. 28: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. W ELCH , 
H. Res. 56: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Mr. 
H. Res. 89: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
HAHN, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. 
H. Res. 108: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. G IBSON , 
H. Res. 109: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CCAUL, and 
H. Res. 112: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. G RAVES of 
H. Res. 117: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1037 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2015 No. 31 