today to pay tribute to a dear friend of mine and an outstanding Member of this House who passed away on November 3. 
honor, always concerned first and foremost with how the policies it enacted would affect those he served in North Carolina’s Sixth Congressional District. Howard Coble was a son of Greensboro, a Coast Guard veteran of the Korean war, a prosecutor, and a dedicated public servant. Howard believed strongly in this House and its role in our democracy. 
stood on opposite sides of debate far more than we were on the same side, but we had a close friendship that transcended politics or policy. Howard Coble was one of the kindest and most 
warmhearted individuals I have encountered in my years of service in this Capitol. 
North Carolina roots. He tried his best to make it to every parade and event in his district that he could. He was a champion of our Nation’s first responders. 
We served together in the Congressional Fire Services Caucus. Howard was steadfast in advocating for firefighter safety and for our Nation to meet its responsibility to those who fell in service to their communities. 
together in ceremonies to honor the families of the fallen, and we met with those families as well. Howard’s compassion and his devotion to these families were unparalleled. 
He was also chair of the Congressional Trademark Caucus. We worked together on intellectual property issues over the years, an area critical to our economic competitiveness. 
Mr. Speaker, like so many of our colleagues, I will miss Howard Coble very much. 
There was a great incident that happened here on the floor of this House. In 1994 or 1993, Howard Coble came over to me. His chief of staff was a University of Maryland graduate. Howard Coble came over to me. Howard Coble was sort of a curmudgeon soul with a wonderful gravelly voice. He came over to me and said: STENY , you need to hire 
Debbie Yow at the University of Maryland as your athletic director. Mr. Speaker, frankly, I didn’t know 
what to think of this gravelly voiced, hardnosed North Carolinian because 
he was not necessarily a Maryland fan himself, of course, there being four extraordinary teams in North Carolina. 
know Debbie Yow, but she was from North Carolina. As a matter of fact, her sister was the great coach at North Carolina State of the women’s basketball team. 
When I got back to my office, I called 
up Brit Kirwan, Mr. Speaker, who was the president of the University of Maryland at College Park at that point in time. I said: Brit, I don’t know Debbie Yow, but Howard Coble believes she would be a good athletic director. If she can convince Howard Coble that one of the few women to head up an NCAA Division I athletic program would be a good athletic director, she must be really something. 
and Howard Coble was right. She was extraordinary. She is now back in North Carolina. 
had with Howard Coble, as did so many Members on this floor. He loved the House and served it with distinction and humor. He believed that working together across party lines was in the best interest of America. 
serve with Howard will always remember his geniality, his intellect, his abiding love of country, and, of course, his State of North Carolina. He left a lasting imprint on his community, his State, his country, and this House. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend, Jonny Wade, an 8yearold from Jerseyville, Illinois, who is battling a rare form of brain and spinal cancer. 
Christmas Day of 2014, Jonny has undergone several surgeries as well as multiple rounds of radiation and chemotherapy. Despite the diagnosis, Jonny continues to think of others, and his rallying cry remains, ‘‘I don’t want any other kid to have cancer.’’ 
Washington, as I invited him to do just a few short months ago, to come here to advocate for cancer research, I want to take this time, Mr. Speaker, to speak out on his behalf. 
death for children, yet only 4 percent of cancer research funds go to children. Jonny and his twin brother Jacky have a special place in my heart because I am the parent of twin boys, too. While Jonny and Jacky may not be here with me today, they brought their cause to the Capitol. 
Pediatric cancer is a relentless disease, and we cannot waver in our efforts to eradicate it. For Jonny and the thousands of children who are diagnosed with cancer each year, we must all work together to fully fund pediatric cancer research. 
Jacky is baseball. These two guys right here like to go to baseball games and football games. Unfortunately for both of them, they are St. Louis Cardinals fans. Being an Atlanta Braves fan, I like to joke with them about their choice in teams. 
Mr. Speaker, and I want to thank all the colleagues who signed this baseball for me. I wanted everybody to sign, but as you can see, there is no room left. 
want to thank you for being the fighter that you are. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. 
Chuck Rosenberg, the acting administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, recently called the notion of smoking medical marijuana a joke. 
What is a joke is the job Rosenberg is 
doing as acting DEA administrator. He is an example of an inept, misinformed zealot who has mismanaged America’s failed policy of marijuana prohibition. 
change in direction to legalize, regulate, and tax marijuana. Fiftyeight percent now support legalization, continuing an upward trend in public opinion polls and at the ballot box. 
Over 75 percent of the American public supports medical marijuana, as do a majority of American physicians. Rosenberg claims medical marijuana is 
a joke, but the proven therapeutic value of cannabis has prompted 23 States, Guam, and the District of Columbia to approve its medical application and an additional 17 States have authorized its more limited use. 
Rosenberg’s claim that more research is necessary is true, but it reeks of hypocrisy because the DEA, under his leadership, has made badly needed cannabis research difficult, and often impossible. If Rosenberg was doing his job, he would have visited with some of the hundreds of thousands who have found medical marijuana has had a profound effect on their lives and that of their families. 
President to tell the truth about cannabis. His administration has not acted to shut down the adult or medical marijuana reforms sweeping the country. Sadly, it isn’t just his DEA administrator who is undercutting his policy. 
Justice took an outrageously flawed position on the RohrabacherFarr amendment that passed with strong bipartisan support, which clearly specified that the Federal Government should not interfere with State legal medical marijuana operations. 
DEA contend that it only prevents action against States, not individuals. This is a ridiculous interpretation of the law and caused a Federal court in California to rule this interpretation ‘‘defies language and logic’’ in deciding against them. 
MILCONVA appropriations bill, which included an amendment offered by my colleague in Oregon, Senator MERKLEY , 
mirroring my legislation to allow VA doctors to recommend medical marijuana to their patients in accordance with State law. 
of Veterans Affairs indicated they won’t allow doctors and patients to participate in State legal marijuana laws, even if this bill becomes law. 
Sadly, these actions by administration officials are indicative of a throwback ideology rooted in the failed war on drugs, which needs to stop. 
body of evidence about the effects of medical marijuana, the reforms happening at the State level and in Congress, or the opinion of the American people. 
the President himself and the official policy promulgated by former Deputy Attorney General Cole outlining the administration’s commitment to stay out of the way of State marijuana laws. 
marijuana offers relief when nothing else has helped, including as a more effective pain management tool than highly addictive narcotics. Opioid overdoses are skyrocketing, and we have an epidemic of heroin abuse and overdose. Sadly, the culture of opposition in 
the Federal Government continues. On one level, we have this amazing progress at the State and local level. We have made significant progress here in Congress with the introduction of over 20 bills in both Chambers dealing with the Federal treatment of cannabis and hemp, and the successful votes on three amendments in the House and three in Senate committees in this Congress. 
This culture needs to change. Leadership needs to change. Rosenberg is clearly not the right fit for the DEA in this administration. 
I would hope that the President directs the heads of all relevant agencies to adjust their policies, clarify regulations that deal with marijuana laws, establish policies that reflect changing State laws, and, most importantly, reflect the President’s own position. 
He has said that he has bigger fish to 
fry than interfere with State legalization efforts. It is time that the rest of his administration gets on board, and it should start with a new head of the Drug Enforcement Administration. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, last week’s gruesome terrorist attacks in Paris were a disturbing reminder that the war on terror is ongoing and that radical Islamic extremism represents a clear and present danger to all freedomloving civilized people. 
until today has been difficult for our Nation. We have seen our young men and women engaged in endless wars. We have lost thousands of American lives and spent a significant portion of our national treasure fighting in the Middle East. Costly mistakes were made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Libya. We are understandably a warweary people. 
However, last Friday we were reminded that the consequences of inaction or of weak actions are far greater than any risks associated with making a serious and unwavering commitment to confronting and defeating radical terrorists. 
or contained. This ambitious terrorist organization is a dangerous enemy of the United States and our allies that must be eradicated. If we refuse to fight ISIS on their home turf, we will have to fight them in the streets of Paris and maybe in our own communities. 
recognized that its Iraq strategy was failing and needed a jolt, it is now time for President Obama and his national security team to show that they are serious about destroying this dangerous threat to the stability of the world and to our own very lives. 
resolution authorizing the use of military force introduced by the gentleman from Illinois, my friend ADAM 
President and our military every tool necessary to defeat ISIS. This resolution deserves a vote so that we can fight to win a war that we cannot afford to lose. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, since the announcement of the President’s engagement policy with the Cuban dictatorship in December of last year, we have witnessed a 78 percent spike in the number of Cubans arriving into our country. An untold number have been lost to the sea. 
Thousands of Cubans are illegally entering Central American nations, making the long trek north through Mexico and entering via our southern border. Too many are at the mercy of reprehensible human trafficking rings. 
the number of Cubans entering their country illegally has grown from 5,400 last year to 12,166 so far this year. This problem has become so severe that the Costa Rican Government had to temporarily close its borders this past weekend. 
up, and I am concerned about another migrant crisis overwhelming our Nation, particularly south Florida. This is a matter of our national security and requires the President’s immediate attention. 
Cubans on the island seem to be reacting to the administration’s new policy with desperation and fear, risking their lives and their safety to escape the prison that is Castro’s Cuba. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the administration’s proposal to provide an alternative to accreditation for providers who develop partnerships with accredited institutions. The introduction of a regulator to judge programs like computer coding boot camps can help challenge traditional accreditors to put more focus on the success of students after graduation. 
true alternative to accreditation that would not replace the traditional system. Rather, it would enhance and allow other successful models to access funding resources to replicate and extend their reach. 
role within higher education; however, alternative models can help deal with segments that traditional accreditors may not be able to address effectively. As a large number of students enroll in noninstitutional programs, we should encourage the growth of successful models that are providing students with a path to successful and rewarding careers. Emphasizing outputs is an important 
step forward in helping the system of higher education in the United States evolve. As we continue our work toward reauthorizing the Higher Education Act here in the House, I look forward to collaborating with my colleagues to ensure that we are helping prepare students for success. 
This step by the administration is one in the right direction. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Mr. Reginald ‘‘Hats’’ Adams, a dear friend whom I have known and worked with since the late 1960s. 
youth worker at the Mile Square Health Center. He had previously worked with the Boys and Girls Clubs of Chicago. After having the titles of community liaison and employee relations coordinator, he was named director of community affairs at RushPresbyterianSt. Luke’s Medical Center in 1974 and held that position which he defined and redefined several times to coincide with what he was doing. 
RushPresbyterianSt. Luke’s Medical Center is a large, complex, and diverse corporate entity which trains thousands of doctors, nurses, and other medical personnel and has an excellent record of patient care. 
outreach to the broad community on the medical center’s behalf. Over the years, he has worked with municipal, county, and State entities, while at the same time developing and maintaining close ties to grassroots organizations, social service agencies, and faith institutions. 
interested in and involved with young people. His youth development work is legendary. He has paid special attention to the educational concerns of minority students. As a result, Rush sponsors summer work study programs for minority college students, summer internships for high school students, and math and science enrichment programs for students at more than 60 elementary and high schools. 
Science and Math Excellence Network was launched in 1991. The network is a coalition of public and private organizations working directly with the local schools to improve science and math education for elementary students. 
Rush and its corporate partners sponsor afterschool science clubs, provide judging at local science fairs, offer summer training programs for teachers, and sponsor a mobile science lab that visits schools without laboratory facilities. Each year, the network hosts an 
awards dinner to recognize the top science and math students at participating schools. Since 1991, the network also has coordinated the construction of 10 science laboratories in local schools, including several specially designed facilities for preschoolage children. Mr. Adams served as president of the network. 
Notwithstanding his outstanding professional work and civic involvement, Mr. Adams has always been endeared to his personal family, church, and friends. He was passionate about his family, and at times was known to have his own seat staked out at church. 
in the affirmative action activities of the medical center and helped assure that minority vendors, contractors, and business interests had access to business opportunities at the medical center. 
courage, and determination, always protecting the interests of the medical center but never forgetting the community from which he came and was a part of. 
If you can walk with Kings and Queens and 
not lose the common touch; if neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you; if all men matter with you, but none too much; and finally, if you can give the unforgiven moment with 60 seconds’ worth of distance run; yours will be the Earth and all that is in it; and what is more, you will be a man, my son. 
His life is gone, but his legacy lives on. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. 
rise today to discuss the issue of the Syrian refugees and the Islamic State terrorists who are coming across our southern border and, in relation to this, the Office of Refugee Resettlement loophole that exists there. 
Also, Mr. Speaker, as I begin my remarks, I commend the House and our Speaker for speaking out and taking an action to condemn the Paris attacks. 
its intention to resettle 10,000 Syrian refugees within the United States in fiscal year 2016. Now, I want you to think about that number, 10,000 in the year 2016. They will go to resettlement communities all across the country, if the administration has its way. 
It is important to note that the Office of Refugee Resettlement, or the ORR as it is called, does not simply resettle refugees from overseas. In fact, the ORR has been resettling thousands of illegal aliens that are coming across our southern border. 
I want to read to you from their 2013 
the U.S. or granted status under other immigration categories also are eligible for refugee benefits.’’ 
to be victims of a severe form of trafficking, though not legally admitted as refugees, are eligible for ORR benefits to the same extent as refugees. 
That is correct; the ORR resettles illegal aliens not classified as refugees, providing another potential gateway for the Islamic State terrorists. 
wrote Secretary Burwell twice last year about resettlement activities at the ORR and have been investigating them since July 2014, when Congressman BRIDENSTINE and I traveled to a 
It is important that ORR operate transparently given its role in resettling thousands of illegal aliens who crossed our Southern border last summer. ORR has released more than 45,000 Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) into our country to adult sponsors through September 30th of this year. My home state of Tennessee has had over 1,000 UACs released within its borders alone. I expect a thorough update on these activities. 
I would also note that ORR’s budget appears to have grown exponentially. ORR received over $750,000,000 million in funding in FY2012. However, HHS requested almost $1.5 billion for ORR in its FY2015 ‘‘Justification of Estimates for Appropriations Committees’’. Without annual reports being provided to Congress as part of the oversight process, it becomes increasingly difficult to approve requested funding. 
I look forward to your immediate submission of ORR’s FY2013 report to Congress. Also, I expect ORR’s FY2014 report no later 
DEAR SECRETARY BURWELL : An article titled ‘‘Crossing alone: Children fleeing to U.S. land in shadowy system’’ was published in 
the Houston Chronicle on May 24th, 2014. The Chronicle’s investigation revealed that over onehundred ‘‘significant incident reports’’ were obtained from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) through a Freedom of Information Act Request (FOIA) and detailed instances where children were abused by Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) staff members between March 2011 and March 2013. The article contains several troubling statements: 
under a 2008 federal provision that makes sexual contact with a detainee in ORR’s care a felony.’’ 
molested as they slept, sexually harassed and seduced by staff members during the past decade, records from state childcare licensing investigators and law enforcement show. They were shoved, kicked, punched and threatened with deportation if they reported abuses, investigators found.’’ 
3) ‘‘The Office of Refugee Resettlement relies on state childcare licensing and local police to investigate abuses of the children in its care, instead of notifying the FBI of serious allegations. In the hands of local police and prosecutors, criminal cases have crumbled because of sloppy detective work, communication gaps with officials and jurisdiction confusion.’’ 
memorandum regarding implementation of the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (PREA). The memo stated that ‘‘Each agency is responsible for, and must be accountable for, the operations of its own confinement facilities, and each agency has extensive expertise regarding its own facilities, particularly those housing unique populations.’’ 
Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) into law. Section 1101 of VAWA amended PREA as follows: ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall publish a final rule adopting national standards for the detection, prevention, reduction and punishment of rape and sexual assault in facilities that maintain custody of unaccompanied alien children.’’ 
and a letter you received from fiftynine House Democrats this week, your department has still not published a final rule. This delay directly violates Section 1101 of VAWA. Your failure to act timely is unacceptable given the seriousness of these issues. As a result, please provide responses and document production, as requested, relating to the following inquiries: 
final standards for the detection, prevention, reduction and punishment of rape and sexual assault in facilities that maintain custody of unaccompanied children? If so, when did this occur? 
2) Please explain why HHS delayed, or continues to delay, publishing a final rule, as required by law. 
3) In FY2014, ORR released 53,518 unaccompanied alien children to sponsors within the United States. Please produce any significant incident reports filed by, or on behalf of, unaccompanied alien children against ORR employees in FY2014, regardless of the format in which they are stored. If you redact information, or are unable to produce said reports, outline any legal privileges or exemptions the department is relying upon. 
4) Please disclose the number of ORR employees currently being investigated by law enforcement for sexual misconduct or abuse involving unaccompanied alien children. 5) Please disclose the number of ORR employees disciplined or investigated by HHS for sexual misconduct or abuse of unaccompanied alien children in FY2014. 
work with federal law enforcement to prosecute employees accused of child abuse within its facilities since 2011? 
its own to protect children from abuse within its facilities since 2011? Please include any internal rules or memorandums that were drafted to address this issue. 
law is unacceptable and not in keeping with the Administration’s pledges of transparency. Please provide responses to the above inquiries, along with requested documentation, within fifteen days of receipt of this correspondence. 
there are more than Mexicans and Central Americans coming across that southern border, and we know that once they are here, the ORR has no way of tracking them and keeping up with them. 
cited a Mexican army officer and police inspector who advised that ISIS was operating training bases in close proximity to the U.S. southern border. Another report from August 2014 advised that social media traffic indicated ISIS was planning to infiltrate the southern border in order to carry out a terrorist attack. 
Due to these findings, all of our resettlement services must be temporarily suspended. I am currently working on a solution with several of my colleagues to address the loophole that allows nonrefugees to be resettled. 
terrorists have bombed a Russian jetliner, committed suicide bombings in Beirut, and massacred French citizens in Paris. They are now exporting their terror. There is simply no method that will allow us to determine with 100 percent accuracy whether Syrians or illegal aliens that we resettle into the U.S. are really ISIS jihadists. 
Can we guarantee that Syrian refugees who are resettled into the U.S. will not commit acts of terror against Americans? No. 
Are they properly vetted? No. Would it be responsible to bring Syrian refugees into this country after the attacks in Paris? No. 
want the administration to resettle Syrian refugees into the U.S.? No. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ) for 5 minutes. 
like to join with the millions of Americans that feel heartbased sympathy for the loss of our friends in Europe and France, particularly Paris, and, of course, to give sympathy to those people that are absolutely hysterical on this issue as relates to refugees, even though there is no evidence at all that it was refugees that were responsible for the attacks. 
do cause fear and, many times, irresponsible behavior on behalf of people, as they attempt to instill fear in all people to such an extent that it shatters the principles which this country was built on. 
to be concerned about. There is enough for us to be fearful about, and there has to be concern as to what are we going to do about it. 
Those that read in the media and listen to it—and even Members of Congress—will find that we have people that are now saying that we can’t win this war against ISIS unless we have more of our military on the ground fighting against the Assad government. 
We talk about sending troops overseas to put their lives in harm’s way as though it is just another foreign policy decision that Members of Congress can make without any regard at all to the constitutional responsibility we have to ourselves and to be an example for the world. 
Whenever this great Nation is threatened, whenever our national security is threatened, the President should be coming to this House of Representatives and the Senate and sharing with us what are the threats to our national security. And when it becomes abundantly clear that we have to call upon our military in any way, we should have a declaration of war for the reasons that the President has given to us. 
Our responsibility to our constituents is to share as much information as we can to tell them that war means sacrifice, loss of life. 
Yet, today, we haven’t had a declaration of war since Franklin Roosevelt. Tens of thousands of Americans have died. 
In this recent crisis, less than 1 percent of eligible Americans have actually put themselves in harm’s way because of executive mandate and the allowance of the Congress to allow this to happen. And we have lost, just in Afghanistan and Iraq, 7,000 American lives that some of us have to go to the funerals and explain the best that we can that, even though we are not at war, there would be American lives lost in foreign countries. 
that our national security is threatened, we should have a declaration of war, we should have a draft, and we should have a way to pay for these wars, so that we would know that it is not easy sending your loved ones abroad and not even know the reasons 
It would seem to me that, as everyone heard, the President of France says they are at war against ISIS, that if we are at war against ISIS, whatever country they are representing, it should be brought to the American people. It should be brought to the Congress, and the President should ask us to declare war. 
But it is just totally not fair for people in the House of Representatives to come here and to say that Americans should be sent overseas to fight an unknown enemy, to put their lives in jeopardy and, perhaps, their families in jeopardy, without being able to say that they are fighting a war to preserve democracy in this country. 
call them no feet on the ground, but boots on the ground, that if someone’s coming back here with a flagdraped coffin, that we should be able to say they fought for America, they died for America, and that we are fighting for peace and to end a war that has yet to be declared. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for 5 minutes. 
in strong support of our allies, the people of France, and in strong condemnation of the terrorist attacks in Paris, France, carried out by the Islamic State this past Friday. 
allies since the American Revolution, and having traveled to Normandy and seeing the American flag over Omaha Beach, it underscores the important alliance that we have had with the people of France throughout our history. 
Ever since the founding of our country, we have been united with the people of France by our shared values of freedom and civil society and democracy. The attack on Friday was an attack on these values by barbaric terrorists who want to impose their brutal and twisted version of Islam and authoritarian rule across the world. 
not just for the French people, but also for the victims and their families around the globe, including Nohemi Gonzalez, an American student from El Monte, California. 
world to condemn these attacks, but condemnation is not enough. 
and Afghanistan last month, the President’s strategy of withdrawal and containment is clearly not working. 
By underestimating the threat, referring to ISIL as the JV team, declaring that ISIL has been contained just hours before the brutal attacks in Paris, President Obama has allowed this radical Islamic cancer on humanity to fester and grow. Indeed, the key lesson of my trip to 
the Middle East is that American retreat has made the world a much less stable and a much more dangerous place. The weakness of the President’s foreign policy and U.S. withdrawal from the Middle East has allowed our adversaries, ISIL, Russia, Iran, the Taliban, al Qaeda, Jabhat AlNusra, to fill the vacuum, to grow stronger and become a much greater threat to our homeland and our interests. 
Jordanians, the government of Iraq, the Kurdish regional government, the unity government in Afghanistan, they have all become more threatened and more vulnerable. 
world which is safer or more stable today or where our adversaries are weaker or where our allies are stronger than on the day President Obama took office. 
lectured his critics to come up with their own plan and regurgitated his tired old attacks on his predecessor’s successful national security policy. 
learned from the Obama policy in Iraq, as contrasted with U.S. policy after World War II in Japan and Germany, it is that once you win a war, do not leave. A residual security force and continued diplomatic engagement to prevent sectarian divisions would have reassured moderate Sunnis and prevented the rise of ISIL. 
would lead us into another unpopular ground war in the Middle East, but we do not need to fight the Iraq war again. We have already won that war. 
But we do need to do more to combat 
ISIL. What about authorizing use of military force that doesn’t constrain the Commander in Chief, which is what the President sent us? 
Prime Minister alAbadi, in Baghdad, wants and has asked us for, which is more U.S. air power, more U.S. special operators on the ground for better coordination of the air campaign, more funding for the Iraqi train and equip fund? 
We must do more to help the moderate forces, the indigenous forces on the ground, such as the Kurdish Peshmerga, to take back territory controlled by ISIL. 
We must address the surge of refugees pouring out of Syria and other wartorn countries across the Middle East. These people are in desperate need of help, but the answer is not to resettle them halfway around the world here in the United States. 
is, in fact, an admission of defeat, that their homes will never be safe for them to return to, so we had better assimilate them to new lands with new languages and new cultures. 
these refugees. And because we know that at least one of these terrorists involved in the Paris attacks entered Europe by blending in with those trying 
to flee ISIL, it could pose a national security risk to the United States. 
fighters away from the antiISIL campaign through an openended refugee program. Instead, let’s actively protect them in their home country by helping them defeat ISIL and win the war. 
people is to defeat the enemy and to end their reign of terror, rape and oppression. We need a new strategy, not to contain ISIL, but to eliminate them. 
of common sense, but the problem is larger than the refugees. As we were reminded so tragically on Friday in Paris, failure to confront terrorists and radical ideologies abroad gives them an opportunity to grow and spread and attack us here at home. 
So let’s grieve and pray for the people of France, but let’s do more. Let’s rise up with them, with new resolve, to defend our shared commitment to liberty, security, and freedom. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to applaud the 3M Company, a great Minnesota business, for recently being named one of the top 100 innovative organizations for the fifth consecutive year by Thomson Reuters in their fifth annual list of Top 100 Global Innovators. 
Originally known as Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, 3M started out as a smallscale mining company in northern Minnesota. However, mining turned out to be an unsuccessful venture, causing the company to suffer. Instead of accepting defeat, the company embraced a pioneering spirit and began to invent and produce other products. 
evolved into a multinational company that produces more than 65,000 products which are used all over the world. Among the many products created, the Postit Note and Scotch Tape remain among the most wellknown. 
come from products that were invented within the past 5 years, making it clear that this company defines American creativity and innovation. 
Speaker, I rise today to celebrate one of Minnesota’s finest educators, Dr. Daniel Bittman. Dr. Bittman has been the superintendent of Sauk Rapids Rice Public Schools since 2010 and this year has been named Superintendent of the Year by the Minnesota Association of School Administrators. 
and doctorate of education from the University of Nevada, and has been working in education in Minnesota for 
and leadership, the students of Sauk RapidsRice schools are now performing at a higher level than ever before and thriving within a more engaged and supportive community. 
country, and Dr. Bittman’s dedication to his students shows that our future is bright. 
have done for our children and our communities and for all you will do in the future. Congratulations on being named Superintendent of the Year. You deserve it. 
Speaker, in honor of National Diabetes Month, I rise today to voice my concern for this disease that is plaguing our Nation. 
Statistics show that nearly 30 million children and adults in the United States are currently living with diabetes. In my home State of Minnesota, more than 8 percent of adults have been diagnosed with this difficult and dangerous disease. 
not concerning enough, studies show that type 2 diabetes will continue to grow at widespread rates and that the future cost of diabetes will increase. In other words, our diabetes problem and the associated costs are going to get worse. 
While genetics play a role in developing diabetes, diet and exercise play a role in the development as well. If we eat better and exercise—in short, if we live healthy lifestyles—many of us can prevent the onset of diabetes. 
So I urge my colleagues here in Congress to join me in raising awareness for diabetes. If we all put in the effort, I believe that our country can overcome this epidemic. 
Speaker, in honor of Alzheimer’s Awareness Month, I would like to bring attention to a disease that is all too prevalent in our country. 
form of dementia, and today, approximately 5.3 million Americans are living with this disease. To put it in perspective, that is the same as the population of the State of Minnesota. 
knows no limits. From the 30yearold mother of three young ones who is suffering from early onset Alzheimer’s to the elderly grandfather who fails to recognize his loved ones, this is a disease that is devastating families across our country. 
Alzheimer’s rates are rapidly increasing. In fact, by 2050, the number of people age 65 years or older with Alzheimer’s is estimated to triple. 
Alzheimer’s cannot be prevented or cured, which is why we must work 
harder to ensure that one day life without the risk of Alzheimer’s can become a reality. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, approximately 5.3 million Americans are currently suffering from Alzheimer’s. This disease is the sixth leading killer in the United States, yet there is currently no treatment or cure for this horrible disease. 
Medicare and Medicaid approximately $150 billion in 2015 alone. It also places an incredible burden on caregivers. Oftentimes these caregivers are family members who sacrifice their own well being to care for their loved ones. 
Speaker. This is one of the reasons why I was proud to be a cosponsor of the 21st Century Cures Act earlier this summer. The bill would provide an additional $8.75 billion in additional funding for the National Institutes of Health. Think about that for a second, Mr. Speaker. An opportunity for us to be able to invest in research so that we can actually have a breakthrough in some of the diseases that are the biggest drivers of our healthcare costs. For instance, we spend $330 billion each and every year treating diabetes; Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s again will significantly eclipse that as we go forward. 
best way to honor those who are impacted by Alzheimer’s disease is by dedicating time and resources to finding that very cure. I will continue to do just that, and I urge my colleagues here in the Chamber, across the aisle, and over in the Senate to be able to join me so that we can, once and for all, find a cure for this horrible disease. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 
America has a long tradition of opening its arms to oppressed people from around the globe. While the human rights of those fleeing terror and destruction must be respected, it is vital that we work to ensure that our Nation’s safety is in place in this time of turmoil and unrest. 
The United States cannot indefinitely close itself to the stark realities of the world, nor should we hastily accept tens of thousands of people without proper screening. That is why I 
Tom Wolf to suspend efforts to bring Syrian refugees to Pennsylvania until there are verifiable and robust mechanisms in place to properly screen all participants for potential security risks. 
needed, I am supporting legislation prompting the Department of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence and the FBI, to provide new security assurances before admitting refugees into the country and for the Government Accountability Office to conduct a sweeping review of security gaps in the current refugee review process. This measure addresses both shortcomings in our existing programs and ensures a role for congressional oversight. 
world faces is a symptom of a larger problem: militant Islam and the efforts of groups like ISIS to destabilize and destroy others. We need a longterm solution to this problem, and that includes defeating ISIS. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Luke Lutheran Church, Gilbertsville, Pennsylvania, offered the following prayer: 
O God, You are our help in ages past, 
who have come before us, speaking light out of darkness, fashioning order out of chaos, and, mindful of the voiceless, daring decision and deploying power for the life of our Nation and the care of the Earth. 
guide us by Your wisdom in every opportunity that comes before us now. 
untraveled, or unclear, when failure or fatigue drive us apart, restore our footing, reconnect us, by the gravity of Your grace. 
of this one House, faithful in our one service. 
Give us courage, inspire our imagination, nudge us to dare the possible in Your gift of today with our gifts for tomorrow, in Your holy name, we pray. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ASHFORD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise to welcome and introduce our guest chaplain for today, Pastor Christopher L. Weidner, the pastor of St. Luke Lutheran Church in Gilbertsville, Pennsylvania. 
a minister of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. For 30 years, he has played an active and important role in our local community, engaging in programs such as the companionship ministries of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Tanzania, the Southeastern Pennsylvania Synod Council Finance Committee, the Bear Creek Lutheran Camp board of directors, and he has helped provide affordable housing for seniors through the St. Luke Knolls program. Additionally, he volunteers his time as a hospital chaplain. 
Pastor Chris will serve his final worship service at St. Luke’s. We wish him blessings on the next chapter in his ministry. 
It is with great pleasure that I welcome Pastor Christopher L. Weidner to the people’s House today and offer our most heartfelt thanks for leading us in prayer this morning as our guest chaplain. 
today in honor of Dr. Robert Heaney on the occasion of his 87th birthday. It is an honor to share a birthday, November 10, with such a distinguished member of our community. 
Dr. Heaney is a worldrenowned researcher in vitamin D deficiency. He is one of the most published researchers in the United States. He has published 
reviews on science and education. His accomplishments speak to his perseverance and commitment to innovation in his field. 
as Professor Emeritus and VicePresident of Health Sciences for my law school alma mater, Creighton University, in Omaha. 
in his own field, he is no stranger to nutrition policy. Dr. Heaney helped redefine nutritional requirements by providing the link between malnutrition and longterm health problems. Most recently, he served as research director of Grassroots Health, a nonprofit organization committed to solving global vitamin D deficiency. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I am grateful this morning that General John Keane testified before a joint hearing of the Foreign Affairs and Homeland Security Committees. General Keane provided an overview: 
‘‘ISIS is part of the multigenerational struggle against radical Islam that will likely dominate the first half of the 21st century similar to the fight against communism, which dominated the second half of the 20th century. Fourteen years after 9/11, the U.S. has no comprehensive strategy or a global alliance to defeat radical Islam.’’ 
He explained further: ‘‘What ISIS has accomplished in the 
last few weeks is unprecedented. While conducting a conventional war in Iraq and Syria, ISIS has staged terrorist attacks on a global scale against the people from countries who are fighting ISIS. The result is almost 900 casualties in 12 days, both killed and wounded, who are Russian, Lebanese, and mostly French in Paris.’’ 
and accept the positive counsel of General Keane to defeat ISIS. Actions should be taken to prevent further attacks, since in the last 48 hours ISIS has threatened to attack Washington and Rome. 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to remember Nohemi Gonzalez, a 23 yearold Cal State Long Beach student whose life was cut short Friday night 
State Long Beach design department. She was in Paris for the semester, studying at the Strate School of Design and traveling Europe. It was her first time abroad. Nohemi has been described as a cheerful soul and a self driven young woman who had everything at her feet. 
Beatriz; her longtime boyfriend, Tim; and all of her family and friends. I cannot imagine the pain they are feeling. 
devastation of terrorism, which often seems isolated and worlds away. Her murder has stunned all Americans, but it is particularly painful for the southern California delegation in Congress and the Long Beach and El Monte communities that lost one of their own. 
stand in solidarity with Paris and with the families of 129 victims killed in Friday’s attacks. As French authorities continue raids to bring the perpetrators of this ungodly violence to justice, our hearts are with the people of France, our loyal friend and our earliest ally. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the contributions of Centre County, Pennsylvania, Sheriff Denny Nau, who will retire at the end of this year. 
more than two decades after being elected in 1991. Before being elected sheriff, he served as a Pennsylvania State Police trooper. Sheriff Nau is also a marine, joining after graduating high school. 
Sheriff, Denny has influenced countless law enforcement officers. In fact, more than 40 of his former deputies are police officers in areas ranging from Altoona to Pittsburgh or are serving as State troopers. 
Centre County Sheriff’s Office along with transitions to new technology, from typewriters to the use of stateof theart software to track cases, to a videoconference system to conduct hearings. 
provided a wonderful example of public service as a marine, a Pennsylvania State trooper, and high sheriff of Centre County. I wish my friend the best of luck in his retirement. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize the work of the Alzheimer’s Association of Western New York. 
their families living with Alzheimer’s. That number is expected to triple by 2050. Twothirds of Americans with Alzheimer’s are women, and 200,000 are under the age of 65. 
have Alzheimer’s or a related dementia. Last year, the Alzheimer’s Association of Western New York provided 10,000 service contacts for these patients and is an invaluable resource to western New York families. 
is unknown but whose end is absolutely certain. This House must work together to increase funding for Alzheimer’s research, and we must support the caregivers and volunteers who make a difference for millions of Americans and their families. 
(Mr. BOST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, the most important obligation we have is to keep Americans safe. 
is evil in the world. We know that our seas and our borders alone will not protect us. We must act swiftly and smartly in the face of this evil. 
people suffering in Syria, our priority must be in keeping Americans safe. That is why I oppose the President’s effort to bring refugees to our shores without a real plan to vet them. That is not leadership. That is sticking your head in the sand. And in matters of life and death, we must do better. 
(Mr. HIMES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
is scared today. You hear it in the voices of my colleagues, and you hear it because the American people are scared as they come to learn the capabilities of these evil psychopaths at ISIS. 
we are scared, we do dumb things. We spend time forcing the cafeteria to rename french fries freedom fries. We invade Iraq because we are angry at what comes out of the Middle East. 
from Germany with almost 1,000 souls aboard, all Jews seeking to flee the murderous wrath of Adolf Hitler. This ship went to Cuba with the idea that it would come to the United States, but it was denied entry into the United States. 
Communists and anarchists, and we were scared of them—Jewish refugees fleeing Hitler. 
quarter of the 1,000 souls lost their lives in Hitler’s Holocaust. It was not a good moment for the United States. It is a moral stain on our history. 
the greatest country in the world. We can do that while not trading our moral values. 
Mr. Speaker, we are exceptional because we are good and because we are moral. Let’s not lose the moral part of that equation. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Athens Area Emergency Food Bank on the exemplary service that they provide to our community. This incredible organization cares for the lives of thousands of families in Georgia’s 10th District and beyond. 
Area Emergency Food Bank has put food on the table of more than 175,000 citizens who were facing economic hardship. This organization has delivered more than 3.25 million pounds of food to more than 65,000 families in northeast Georgia, and they have done so on a budget of $80,000. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding the service and commitment of the Athens Area Emergency Food Bank. Their steadfast commitment to the community is, indeed, inspiring. We are blessed to have such a dedicated organization as the Athens Area Emergency Food Bank serving our folks at home. I wish them the best in the years to come. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
know now that one of the terrorists who participated in the attack on Paris last Friday entered Europe by posing as a refugee. Unfortunately, we have no assurances that a similar tactic would not be successful here in the United States. 
before Congress that there is simply no way to vet many of the Syrian refugees. We cannot allow ISIS or any terrorist group to exploit the refugee resettlement program to sneak terrorists into our country by having lax background standards. 
This is a real threat. ISIS has promised more attacks, and we must take that seriously. We need to, at the very 
least, pause and assess allowing Syrian refugees into the U.S. until we have a better screening procedure in place and focus on those that are persecuted, or even threatened with genocide, simply because of their being a religious minority. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Living 
Vine Christian Maternity Home in Savannah, Georgia. For 20 years, Living Vine has been a safe haven for over 350 women who are experiencing an unexpected pregnancy and have nowhere to turn for help. 
Once at Living Vine, they are provided with food, shelter, education, medical care, and a chance to learn about child care, financial management, how to find a job, and much more. 
teaches a perspective that embodies true success. No matter what has happened in the past, Living Vine teaches women that they are valuable as a human being, they are valuable as a woman, and they are something to be treasured. 
Home fulfills their purpose solely through private donations and through its new thrift store called Blessingdales. 
I am honored to have this organization located in the First Congressional District of Georgia. I salute them for 20 years of success and wish them continued success for years to come. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
tribute today to the extraordinary life of one of America’s finest women who recently passed on to be with our Creator. Mrs. Dorothy Helms, also known to many of us as ‘‘Dot,’’ was the long time best friend and wife of the late U.S. Senator Jesse Helms. 
family, I grew to know both of them very well. 
said: ‘‘David, do you know where I get all my good ideas?’’ Without giving me a second to respond, he said, ‘‘Dot, you know.’’ 
well, Dot was, in fact, the conservative of the family, and a strident and forceful communicator of her opinion on all matters. 
own right. She was one of the first women to graduate from the University of North Carolina with a degree in journalism and later went on to work for the News & Observer as a society page editor. 
working as a sports reporter. The rest, of course, is history, and the two of them helped change history. 
by all of us, something tells me the tall, lanky fellow from Monroe, North Carolina, is delighted to have her back at his side. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
is not contained. It is not enough to try and contain terrorists in the Middle East. They have proven capable of a global reach. 
is sporadic, shortterm planning. American leadership and an international coalition are required. 
suspend resettling Syrian refugees here. The records simply do not exist in a wartorn Syria to properly vet individuals with needed confidence. 
with an established safe haven in the Middle East and addressing the root cause that provides a motive for people to leave their own homeland. 
our Nation. No one wants to fight this war here. The world must defeat this ideology and its evildoers at their doorstep, not ours. 
short and a longterm strategy, a smart use of force, and a greater commitment to victory. Eliminating the threat we face from the enemies of freedom is the challenge of this generation of Americans. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Kenneth George Massrey, a dear friend who passed away on Sunday, October 25, 2015, at the age of 66. 
brother and grandfather. He lived in San Juan Capistrano, California, where he was a successful entrepreneur, an avid sports fan, and a generous contributor to charity. 
born in Warwick, Rhode Island, and, at the age of six, his family moved to California. 
California video security products firm, and in 1989, Ken launched his own company in Irvine, California, where he served as CEO for 26 years. 
his daughters, Katie and Chrissie; his grandson, Griffin; his soninlaw, Ryan Downey; and his four siblings. 
I am honored to have had the privilege of calling Ken a friend. I have very fond memories of our political discussions, and they were dynamic. 
who knew him, and his memory will live on. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, this past Friday, the world watched in horror the unfolding of the deadliest attack on French soil since World War II. 
from 26 countries, including one American, a young student from California. To all those affected by these terrible acts, I offer my deepest sympathies. 
scale have become distressingly familiar, but to see one happen in a country at peace, a country with which the United States has shared such a special relationship since our founding days, hits particularly hard. 
attacks want us to react with divisiveness and hate; in fact, they depend on it. They know they cannot survive in a world that stands united against them. 
threat with strength. But we cannot forget our compassion toward those in France and those in the Middle East fleeing the very same dangers. 
said: ‘‘Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.’’ 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of lifesaving research at the National Institutes of Health. 
upcoming omnibus appropriations act, one of our top initiatives must be an increase in support for research to cure and prevent disease. Cancer, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, and more than 10,000 known diseases in our world affect millions of families throughout our country and in each and every one of our districts. 
of cancer. The best defense to saving those lives is enhancing and supporting 
Century Cures Act, which increased funding for the NIH by over $3 billion in FY 2016. Passing with 344 votes, it also had the support of both parties, including 170 Republican votes. 
and to increase NIH by $3 billion in the upcoming appropriations act. 
Now is also the time to send a message of hope to each and every patient waiting for a cure, that Congress hears you, and Congress is going to do everything we can to find innovative cures and treatments that can ease suffering and save lives. 
(Mr. BLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
on behalf of small businesses in the United States and especially those in the First District of Iowa that I represent. As a career small businessman myself, I understand firsthand the difficulties our entrepreneurs face when starting and running a business. 
economy and a place where the American Dream happens every day. In fact, 2 million of the roughly 3 million private sector jobs generated in 2014 were created by small businesses. 
As I visit small businesses throughout the First District, I am amazed at their innovation, determination, and optimism, often in the face of government policies that make doing business most difficult. 
our support. I encourage my colleagues in Congress, as well as my constituents, to shop local on Small Business Saturday, November 28. 
in cosponsoring the Small Business Saturday Resolution to highlight the contribution small businesses make to our economy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate agreed to S.J. Res. 24. That the Senate agreed to S.J. Res. 23. With best wishes, I am 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate disagrees to the Amendment of the House S. 1177. 
OF H.R. 1210, PORTFOLIO LENDING AND MORTGAGE ACCESS ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3189, FED OVERSIGHT REFORM AND MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 20, 2015, THROUGH NOVEMBER 27, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 529 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1210) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institution’s portfolio, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature 
of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules 
Committee Print 11435, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the fiveminute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and any further amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
period from November 20, 2015, through November 27, 2015— 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for H.R. 1210, the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, and H.R. 3189, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015. House Resolution 529 provides a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 1210 and H.R. 3189. 
The resolution provides 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services for H.R. 1210 and for H.R. 3189. The resolution provides for the consideration of one amendment to H.R. 1210 and consideration of six amendments to H.R. 3189. The resolution also provides a motion to recommit for each bill. In addition, the rule provides the normal recess authorities to allow the chair to manage pro forma sessions during next week’s district work period. 
Mr. Speaker, as you know, the 2008 financial crisis was caused, in part, by the subprime lending meltdown. Financial institutions would originate loans. They would sell off 100 percent of those loans with no skin in the game to some investment party, a third party, and they would keep their fee. But they wouldn’t keep any of the risk. 
This led to a lot of loans to individuals and families that had an inability to repay those loans, and that resulted in our crisis. The bottom line was these institutions had no skin in the game. 
that, at one point, there was a term in the industry called a NINJA loan. 
NINJA stood for no income, no job, no assets. 
being given loans by loan originators. Those originators knew they were impossible to repay, but the originators didn’t care because they took their fee and had no skin in the game. 
on these loans, banks and others holding these mortgages began to lose tremendous amounts of assets, which precipitated the financial collapse. 
DoddFrank Act, which reforms mortgage lending and makes a lot of changes. One of those is around the ability to repay. 
category of loans called qualified mortgages that are deemed to comply with the law’s abilitytorepay requirements. It provided a safe harbor from lawsuits, and it made sure that that safe harbor also covered regulatory action, provided that those loans met certain characteristics and underwriting criteria. 
the creditworthiness of potential homeowners and home buyers to avoid repeating our past mistakes, the current regulatory environment has unnecessarily restrained mortgage lending and has made it difficult for some creditworthy borrowers to obtain a loan. The bottom line of this crisis was that it was created by no skin in the game. 
Access Act would provide muchneeded regulatory relief and allow consumers to buy a home and ensure not only that there is some skin in the game—there is 100 percent skin in the game. The banks and institutions that make these portfolio loans have 100 percent skin in the game. They lose dollar one when the loans go bad. 
This bill provides that, when residential mortgages are held by that originator, the bank, if they hold them in their portfolio as opposed to being sold into the secondary market, they will be considered a qualified mortgage for the purpose of ability to repay. 
institutions have an incentive to make loans to individuals and the requirement for making those loans will be to take the entire risk, not pass that risk on to some unnamed thirdparty investor, but keep that risk in their portfolio. 
Lending Act. They will have 100 percent of the skin in the game. This legislation will also help borrowers gain access to mortgages that they badly need. 
and Modernization Act, pulls back the curtain at the Federal Reserve and makes it more accountable and transparent to the American people. The Federal Reserve has more power and responsibility today than ever before, 
and that is precisely why this law is so 
important. The institution needs to be modernized, and the decisions they make need to be transparent and predictable to the marketplace. 
The FORM Act, as it is called, requires the Federal Reserve to transparently communicate its monetary policy decisions to the American people. It does not require them to choose any one method. 
called Taylor rule. This bill does not require the Federal Reserve to use the Taylor rule or any other process. It just requires that, when they make decisions, they need to make that decision and the reasons behind it transparent to the American people and explain how they make their decisions. Whether they use a rule or whether they use some other process, it needs to be transparent. 
Reserve to conduct a costbenefit analysis that every other Federal agency already has to comply with so that we know whether the costs of complying with the regulations exceed or are less than the benefits of those regulations. It is simple common sense. Other agencies use this costbenefit analysis today. 
Reserve’s independence, as it requires the Federal Reserve to generate a monetary strategy of their own choosing, but requires them to give more accounting of their actions and transparency to their actions. The bill ensures that the American people understand how the Federal Reserve makes the decisions they make and why they make the decisions they make. 
with many of our colleagues in the House, have believed for a long time that we should audit the Federal Reserve. I am pleased to inform my colleagues that this legislation requires an audit of the Fed, and it contains provisions that remove restrictions placed on the GAO’s ability to conduct an audit of the Federal Reserve. It directs the GAO, in fact, to conduct an audit of the Federal Reserve within 12 months of enactment and requires the GAO to report to Congress within 90 days of completion of that audit. 
As the Federal Reserve plays an outsized role in the health of our Nation’s economy, it is imperative that we make sure that their opaque structure is made transparent so the American people understand the decisions the Federal Reserve makes and why they make them because it has such an incredible impact on our economy. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to debating these bills with our colleagues in the House as well as the amendments yet to come, and I would ask adoption of both the underlying bills and support of the underlying bills. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman, my friend 
from Ohio, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. 
I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in opposition to this rule, which provides for consideration of both H.R. 1210, the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, and H.R. 3189, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015. 
would like to recognize that yesterday’s rule, H. Res. 526, marked the 45th closed rule of this congressional session, making it the most closed session in history. 
in their distaste for this closed and exclusive process and echo their calls to Speaker RYAN to maintain his pledge 
to usher in a more transparent and open debate process that includes input from Members of both parties. 
I first came to Congress in 1993. The radio at that time was hammering those who were perpetrating closed rules. My party was in the majority and was being rightly, in my opinion, accused in that regard. I didn’t know what a closed rule was. I didn’t come here and start on this committee. But now that I have had a considerable amount of experience on this committee, I have come to believe that it is wrong for either party in the majority to conduct a process that disallows Members in this body from having an opportunity to participate in refining the underlying bills that come here for our consideration. 
amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide that depository institution creditors be subject to a legal safe harbor for mortgage loans meeting specified limitations that, since origination, have been held on the institution’s balance sheet. The bill would extend this legal safe harbor to mortgage originators that steer borrowers to a nonqualified mortgage loan if the originator and borrower are notified that the lender intends to hold the loan in its portfolio. 
We have seen firsthand the consequences that ensue when underwriting standards are virtually abandoned by both large and small lenders. This phenomenon, which contributed to the financial crisis and a bank bailout to the tune of $700 billion in taxpayer money, enabled predatory lenders to offer loans, the terms of which individuals could not afford or, worse, incentivize their brokers to steer families into more expensive loans, even when they qualified for lower rates and a standard mortgage product. African American and Latino borrowers and single persons were disproportionately affected by these bad loans. 
This legislation would eliminate effective reforms that require lenders to verify a consumer’s ability to repay and would allow lenders to once again steer families into the same risky mortgage products with the same predatory practices that destroyed the savings and investments of American families a few short years ago. 
Today’s rule also allows for consideration of H.R. 3189, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act. This bill will fundamentally change the way the Federal Reserve implements monetary policy. In doing so, this bill will change the current proven nonpartisan approach to monetary policy the Fed currently embraces and will replace it with a rulebased and politically partisan regime. 
Federal Reserve whose objective with regard to monetary policy is to maximize employment, stabilize prices, and moderate longterm interest rates. This legislation will require the Fed to engage in a rulemaking to provide a ridged mathematical formula for setting the interest rate. This notion is not only bad policy that will prevent the Fed from acting swiftly and nimbly to address a potential financial crisis, but Fed Chair Janet Yellen has stated that it ‘‘would be a grave mistake for the Federal Reserve to commit to conduct monetary policy according to a mathematical rule.’’ 
partisan commission, with twice as many Republican Members as Democrats, to review the Federal Reserve monetary policy and make changes to its current vital role in determining that policy. The objectives of the Fed and the policy behind our money supply are much too important to be subjected to political pressure from a partisan commission. 
to the Federal Reserve, leading us down a path of politicizing monetary policy and hamstringing the agency with onerous and unnecessary rulemakings. 
a couple of the gentleman from Florida’s points about the process. 
five rules. Four have been structured, and let’s look at today’s rule. 
made in order. In fact, to H.R. 1210, there is one amendment, and it is a Democratic amendment; to H.R. 3189, there are six amendments, and four are Democratic amendments. That is 75 percent of the amendments are Democratic amendments. That is a pretty open process. I am leaving out the fact that we also allow for a motion to recommit to each of the bills. 
Mr. STIVERS. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. 
is, even though the germane amendments were made in order, under the structured rule, am I correct that 
other Members of the House of Representatives who did not, at the time, file an amendment before the Rules Committee that you and I serve, that they are precluded? That is basically what I am arguing. 
gentleman from Florida’s point, it is true that, with a structured rule, somebody can’t walk in off the street, a Member of Congress, that didn’t come to the Rules Committee, and come up with an amendment right now that they are writing on a napkin and bring it in here. 
published the deadline, and we accepted not only ones that met the deadline, but late amendments. In fact, I think, of the amendments that we made in order, five of the seven amendments made in order today were actually filed late, so we did allow late amendments. That is off the top of my head. We will doublecheck the facts on five, but it was several of the amendments that were even filed late, we allowed. 
can’t just walk right in here. It is not an open rule. It is a structured rule. So you can’t just walk in the day of the floor hearing in about 45 minutes and offer an amendment that nobody has ever seen before. So I understand the gentleman’s point. 
year, we have had 45 closed rules and, clearly, Members are precluded. That 45, I might add, has been achieved in this year, and that is more than in the previous session of Congress. That is the point I wish to make. 
Mr. STIVERS. I appreciate the gentleman making his point. 
new Speaker, we have only had one closed rule. 
rule? Yes. When the other party was in charge, they had closed rules all the time, too. Closed rules will happen occasionally, but we will have an open process. I think having four out of five as structured rules is a pretty good measurement for the brandnew Speaker in our new day that we are experiencing. 
but the point is we are making the process more open. It may not be to the gentleman’s liking, Mr. Speaker, but we are attempting to make the process more open and will continue to work on that. 
I do want to make a couple of points, 
and then I will reserve the balance of my time. 
With regard to the charge that somehow in H.R. 1210 this will result in risky mortgage loans—and that is why I went through the history of the crisis where people took a fee, securitized the loan. They privatized gains and socialized losses for the taxpayers to cover. The only way this portfolio lending bill works is if these lenders hold these loans in their own portfolio and take 100 percent of the downside risk. That is not placing it on anybody else. That was one of the reforms that was put in place, and DoddFrank was skin in the game. I can’t think of anything more than 100 percent skin in the game. We think that will ensure that nobody privatizes the gains and socializes the losses, and we think it is a reasonable step to allow people to get access to mortgages where somebody is willing to put their own money at risk. 
going to somehow tie the Federal Reserve’s hands in H.R. 3189, this bill is about transparency and accountability. It is making sure the Federal Reserve communicates whatever they use. If they want to use a Magic 8 Ball, they just have to tell everybody, ‘‘Hey, we are using a Magic 8 Ball.’’ 
transparency. Transparency is great for the American economy, and it is great for the American people. The gentleman was just making the argument about how we need to be more open and transparent, and I think we need to demand it of the Federal Reserve. 
issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, pursuant to the Truth in Lending Act, American consumers are protected against harmful mortgage products and abusive lending practices that were common in the runup to the 2008 financial crisis. Among other protections, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Qualified Mortgage (QM) rule requires a lender to make a good faith effort to determine that a borrower has the ability to repay a mortgage, and that the loan does not include excessive upfront points and fees. The final rule also contains special provisions and exemptions that are available only to small lenders or to small lenders that operate predominantly in rural or underserved areas. 
qualified mortgages—those that qualify for the safe harbor—to include all mortgages held on a lender’s balance sheet. Under the bill, depository institutions that hold a loan in portfolio would receive a legal safe harbor even if the loan contains terms and features that are abusive and harmful to consumers. The bill would limit the right of borrowers to file claims against holders of such loans and against mortgage originators who directed them to the loans. H.R. 1210 also would open the door to risky lending by allowing balloon loans made in any geographic area to qualify for the safe harbor as long as they are held in portfolio. 
bill because it would undermine critical consumer protections by exempting all depository financial institutions, large and small, 
from QM standards—including very basic standards like verifying a consumer’s income—as long as the mortgage loans in question are held in portfolio by the institution. This bill would undermine the essential protections provided under the Qualified Mortgage rule. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the mortgages offered legal protections under the bill would likely default at a greater rate than the qualified mortgages with current legal protections. 
presented with H.R. 1210, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
policy rules, codify blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, establish a costbenefit requirement for other rulemakings by the Federal Reserve Board, and establish numerous, burdensome reporting requirements for the Federal Reserve Board and its members. The Administration therefore strongly opposes H.R. 3189. 
The Federal Reserve is an independent entity designed to be free from political pressures, and its independence is key to its credibility and its ability to act in the long term interest of the Nation’s economic health. One of the most problematic provisions in the bill would require the Comptroller General to audit the conduct of monetary policy by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Open Market Committee. The operations of the Federal Reserve are already subject to numerous audit requirements that ensure it is accountable to the Congress and the American people. The only aspect of the Federal Reserve’s operations not subject to audit is its monetary policy decisionmaking, and for good reason. Subjecting the Federal Reserve’s exercise of monetary policy authority to audits based on political whims of members of the Congress—of either party—threatens one of the central pillars of the Nation’s financial system and economy, and would almost certainly have negative impacts on the Federal Reserve’s work to promote price stability and full employment. 
H.R. 3189 also would impose numerous, burdensome requirements for the Federal Reserve Board rulemaking authorities, including the imposition of a duplicative requirement that the Federal Reserve Board undertake a proscriptive costbenefit analysis and a postadoption impact assessment when promulgating rules. When a Federal agency, including an independent agency such as the Federal Reserve, promulgates a regulation, the agency must adhere to the robust substantive and procedural requirements of Federal law, including the Administrative Procedure Act, the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the Paperwork Reduction Act, and the Congressional Review Act, among other statutes. Additionally, Executive Order 13579 encourages independent regulatory agencies to conduct reasoned costbenefit analysis, engage in public participation to the extent feasible, and conduct a systematic retrospective review of regulations. The provisions in this bill, therefore, would create unnecessary, duplicative, and onerous requirements for an entity tasked with ensuring the financial safety and soundness of the Nation’s financial system. 
In addition, the bill would add a number of 
procedural hurdles that would impede the Federal Reserve’s ability to engage with international regulatory bodies and divert its resources to unnecessary reporting requirements. These provisions, along with 
consultation requirements on several other Executive Branch entities, could impair the President’s exercise of his exclusive constitutional authority to conduct the Nation’s diplomatic relations. 
3189, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
trying to help us to get to a time constraint and, unfortunately, on either side we don’t have a lot of speakers. Therefore, I would not ordinarily have done anything other than include in the RECORD Statements of Administration Policy. But to try to help us meet our deadline, what is said in the Statement of Administration Policy, H.R. 1210, Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, is: 
rules issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, pursuant to the Truth in Lending Act, American consumers are protected against harmful mortgage products and abusive lending practices that were common in the runup to the 2008 financial crisis. Among other protections, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s qualified mortgage rule requires a lender to make a good faith effort to determine that a borrower has the ability to repay a mortgage, and that the loan does not include excessive upfront points and fees. The final rule also contains special provisions and exemptions that are available only to small lenders or to small lenders that operate predominantly in rural and underserved areas.’’ 
‘‘The Administration strongly opposes this bill because it would undermine critical consumer protections by exempting all depository financial institutions, large and small, from QM standards—including very basic standards like verifying a consumer’s income—as long as the mortgage loans in question are held in portfolio by the institution. This bill would undermine the essential protections provided under the qualified mortgage rule. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the mortgages offered legal protections under the bill would likely default at a greater rate than the qualified mortgages with current legal protections. 
were presented with H.R. 1210, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill.’’ 
that my good friend from Ohio and I were speaking about with reference to rules, I join him in saying that the new Speaker at least has had only one closed rule. But I would remind him, of the 45 closed rules that we had previously, the new Speaker voted for every one of those closed rules. So if it is a precursor of what is to come, we will have to judge that in the future. Now, as to H.R. 3189, the administration says—and I will cut to the heart of the matter: 
‘‘H.R. 3189 also would impose numerous, burdensome requirements for the Federal Reserve Board rulemaking authorities, including the imposition of a duplicative requirement that the Federal Reserve Board undertake a proscriptive costbenefit analysis and a postadoption impact assessment when promulgating rules.’’ 
independent agency such as the Federal Reserve, promulgates a regulation, the agency must adhere to the robust act—the Regulatory Flexibility Act— the Paperwork Reduction Act, and the Congressional Review Act, among 
other statutes. Additionally, Executive Order No. 13579 encourages independent regulatory agencies to conduct reasoned costbenefit analyses, to engage in public participation to the extent feasible, and to conduct a systematic, retrospective review of regulations. 
to H.R. 3189, would therefore create unnecessary, duplicative, and onerous requirements for an entity tasked with ensuring the financial safety and soundness of the Nation’s financial system. In addition, the bill would add a number of procedural hurdles that would impede the Federal Reserve’s ability to engage within our national regulatory bodies and divert its resources to unnecessary reporting requirements. 
matter, the bill would add a number of procedural hurdles that are too numerous for me to mention at this time. These provisions, along with provisions imposing parallel notification and consultation requirements on several other executive branch entities, could impair the President’s exercise of his exclusive constitutional authority to conduct the Nation’s diplomatic relations. 
Again, if the President were presented with H.R. 3189, his senior advisers would recommend that he veto the bill. 
As I have said time and again, far too 
much important work still remains. In fact, Congress has only 9 legislative days before the December 11 deadline to avert yet another Republican government shutdown and pass an omnibus spending bill. The clock is ticking. Quite frankly, this Nation cannot afford to shut down once again due to my friends’—the House Republicans—continued manufactured crisis. 
The American people need and deserve better; so I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
these two bills are about reform and transparency. H.R. 1210 is reform that 
will give more people access to mortgages and, at the same time, will require that these lenders have 100 percent skin in the game. H.R. 3189 is about transparency and accountability for the Federal Reserve to make sure they tell the American people how they make the decisions that they make. These are reasonable bills, important bills. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 184, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
ON RULES REGARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
be sending around a Dear Colleague later this afternoon outlining the amendment process for H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. The amendment deadline will be Tuesday, November 24, 2015, at 12 p.m. Amendments should be drafted to the text posted on the Committee on Rules Web site. Please feel free to contact me or my staff if we may be of further assistance. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending. 
Davis of Illinois). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 526 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1737. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending, with Mr. POEof 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. W ATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 1737, the Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act. It is an important, bipartisan bill cosponsored by 166 Members of the House, including 65 Democratic Members. It was approved by the Financial Services Committee that I chair with strong bipartisan support, including more than half of the committee’s Democratic members who voted. 
we write a law, then the CFPB cannot be allowed to willfully ignore the law. Without this bill, the CFPB would have done a blatant end run around the DoddFrank Act as well as the Administrative Procedure Act. 
GUINTA of New Hampshire and Representative P ERLMUTTER of Colorado 
for their leadership in providing the CFPB with an opportunity to live up to its claim of transparency and accountability. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) as well for 
The CFPB’s flawed bulletin on indirect auto lending attempts to regulate compensation paid to auto dealers despite the fact that auto dealers were specifically exempted in the Dodd Frank Act from CFPB rulemaking. 
went far beyond merely clarifying existing law and instead, in trying to make new policy through this guidance, did this without using the normal rulemaking process and without public input. 
due process. This is an affront to the rule of law and to basic fairness. Furthermore, the CFPB has not been transparent in revealing the methodology it used to determine whether fair lending violations existed in the auto finance market. 
from Members of Congress and 13 different letters from 90 Democrat and Republican Members to get the CFPB to finally provide documentation regarding its disparate impacts. 
In the white paper ultimately provided by the CFPB, they admitted that their own proxy methodology for determining racial disparities is flawed and overestimates the number of African Americans by perhaps as much as 20 percent. Outside statisticians at the wellrespected Charles River Associates found the figure could be off by as much as 41 percent. 
published this past September in the American Banker, internal agency documents show the CFPB was aware that their disparate impact methodology significantly overstates racial impact. In other words, Mr. Chairman, they knowingly used junk science and may have no evidence of unintentional discrimination based on the disparate impact theory. 
American Banker newspaper also found that unaccountable CFPB bureaucrats 
chose to disregard the explicit exemption of auto dealers that Democrats, when they had a supermajority in both the Senate and the House and controlled the White House, put into Dodd Frank. 
rulemaking requirement set out by the Administrative Procedure Act and instead used highprofile enforcement actions against large auto lenders to pressure them to lower the caps they set on dealer reserve. 
question the CFPB’s attempts to police the fairness of auto loans, its preferred outcomes will obviously increase costs for consumers. 
pressured finance companies to lower the caps they set on dealer reserve or eliminate this discretion altogether. However, under this pricing model, The Wall Street Journal recently revealed that interest payments for some consumers could increase by as much as $580 over the life of the loan. 
CFPB to follow a transparent process when issuing any subsequent auto finance guidance. That is what H.R. 1737 will ensure. 
the Bureau to, number one, provide notice and an opportunity for public comment. Number two, it says the CFPB must make any studies, data, or analysis used in writing the bulletin public. Number three, it must consult with other relevant regulators. Four, it must study the impact of the guidance on consumers as well as womenowned businesses, minorityowned businesses, and small businesses. 
undermines the CFPB’S antidiscrimination efforts, let me quote from the views the Democrat members stated in our report: 
H.R. 1737 does not alter the CFPB’s examination or enforcement activity pursuant to ECOA. That is simply a red herring. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 1737. 
today in opposition to H.R. 1737, which would impede the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s important work of regulating discriminatory auto lending practices and protecting minority borrowers. 
what he didn’t tell you is that was a study that was done by the automobile industry, who is supporting this bill. 
H.R. 1737 would cancel important policy guidance the CFPB provided to lenders to help them comply with Federal fair lending laws. 
The bill also imposes burdensome restrictions on the issuance of any future auto lending guidance by requiring that the CFPB undergo a public notice 
and comment period and conduct cost benefit studies before issuing guidance, requirements that have historically only been applied to agency rulemakings. 
These restrictions are clearly designed to substantially delay or effectively prevent the Bureau from issuing future antidiscrimination guidance to auto lenders, action that would undermine a lender’s ability to comply with the law at the expense of minority borrowers. The long shadow of discrimination is still alive and well in some corners of the auto lending marketplace. 
million in relief to minority borrowers since December 2013 in landmark settlements against Ally Financial, Fifth Third Bank, and American Honda Finance Corporation, finding in each case that undisclosed dealer markups caused minority borrowers to overpay for their auto loans by an average of $200 over the life of the loan compared to similarly situated White borrowers, even when considering the borrower’s creditworthiness. 
Mike Jackson, the CEO of the Nation’s largest auto retailer, AutoNation, commended the CFPB’s approach in its settlement with Honda, noting that other lenders should take a close look at the Honda settlement as a template for a solution. 
the CFPB is doing a commendable job of tackling a decadesold problem of minority borrowers not getting a fair deal when they obtain financing from dealerships. 
should be supported, but instead, we are faced with H.R. 1737, yet another legislative proposal that would attempt to tie the Bureau’s hands as it attempts to inform lenders of the steps that they can take to comply with Federal fair lending laws and to protect minority borrowers. 
treated the same way—you charge everybody too much—but, when you single out a certain segment of our society that happens to be minorities and you charge them more than other borrowers, it is a problem. 
industrydriven attempts to undermine the CFPB. Costbenefit analysis, public notice and comment periods, outside rulemakings, unnecessary interagency consultation requirements are all designed to do the same thing, delay and undermine the important work of the CFPB. 
discrimination in indirect auto lending that the CFPB is seeking to address, H.R. 1737 takes away an important tool for lenders seeking to follow the law who have been relying on the guidance for almost 3 years to develop their compliance policies. 
This is not a modest proposal designed to bring about transparency in the CFPB’s oversight of auto lenders. Since issuing its guidance in March 
models for identifying potential fair lending violations. Its supervisory manual describes exactly what the Bureau is seeking when conducting fair lending exams and supervisory highlights that clearly set forth the kinds of business practices that the Bureau will focus on when it examines an indirect auto lender. 
agreements all follow a similar template that give lenders a glimpse into the kind of remediation that the Bureau will pursue should there be potential fair lending violations within a lender’s portfolio. 
identify what information any additional transparency would yield or what additional information lenders need to comply with Federal fair lending laws. 
place lenders at a disadvantage, just as scrutiny for fair lending violations from the CFPB and the DOJ intensifies. We should be working to support efforts to give industry as much information as possible so that they can comply with the law. H.R. 1737 does just the opposite, creating unnecessary uncertainty for lenders. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ), the author of H.R. 1737, a real champion for due process and auto buyers. 
Mr. GUINTA. I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership on this very, 
years since the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued flawed auto financing guidance that created much uncertainty in the auto lending market. 
their purchase when they acquire an automobile. These consumers have the ability to receive great auto rates through dealerassisted financing. 
guidance threatens to eliminate auto dealers’ flexibility to discount the interest rates offered to their consumers, the customers. 
PERLMUTTER of Colorado, and I have introduced H.R. 1737, along with 166 of our colleagues, both Republican and Democrat, to give the CFPB a chance to fix this faulty guidance. This bill was carefully written by Republicans and Democrats very simply and narrowly to provide clarity, fairness, and, most importantly, due process. 
No Federal agency can set new policies through guidance. However, in March of 2013, the CFPB attempted to go outside the formal rulemaking process by blatantly disregarding consumers and small businesses, blatantly disregarding their ability and their 
the CFPB rescind their flawed guidance and reissue it under a more transparent process by consulting other regulators and allowing the public notice and comment. 
I want to be clear. This bill does not 
strip the CFPB of any rulemaking authority it currently has. H.R. 1737 gives the CFPB the golden opportunity to correct and reissue their guidance that would take into account consumers and bring clarity to the market. 
Mr. Chairman, again, I want to reiterate that my colleagues and I are merely trying to promote transparency, accountability, and due process. 
that believe this bill is unnecessary because the CFPB already has the tools to correct their auto guidance. Well, the CFPB could have fixed this issue without legislation over 2 years ago, but they disregarded 13 bipartisan letters that were sent urging them to correct the fallacies in their guidance. 
is supposed to protect the consumer is, in fact, harming them with this guidance. In fact, this guidance impacts much more than car buyers. It harms auto dealers, RV dealers, motorcycle dealers, international dealers, and even manufacturers. 
Congress created the CFPB to protect consumers, not hurt them by silencing the voices of thousands of consumers and small businesses. 
Street Journal reported: ‘‘Some automakers have responded by overhauling their loan pricing in ways that will likely mean higher costs for some borrowers.’’ 
If the CFPB really cares about developing policies that are truly in the best interest of consumers, they should amend their guidance to be more transparent and allow public participation. 
and narrow, and, quite frankly, it is common sense. It only asks for five things: public notice and comment; make the data available to the public; consult with the Federal Reserve Board, the FTC, and the DOJ; create a consumer impact report; and conduct a study on women and minorityowned businesses. That is the crux of the bill. 
RECORD letters of support from the National Automobile Dealers Association, the National Independent Automobile Dealers Association, the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association, American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Auto Auction Association, Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, the National RV Dealers Association, the Motorcycle Industry Council, American Financial Services Association, New Hampshire Automobile Dealers Association, and the Small Business and 
Entrepreneurship Council, the U.S. Chamber, and the U.S. Consumer Coalition. 
TO THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  
Commerce, the world’s largest business federation representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations, and dedicated to promoting, protecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, strongly supports H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act,’’ and H.R. 1210, the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act.’’ 
H.R. 1737 would change the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) approach to the indirect auto lending market, and bring muchneeded transparency. The CFPB has created enormous uncertainty in this market by issuing guidance without notice and comment, and undertaking enforcement and supervisory actions based upon post hoc statistical models—but has failed to share its analysis and assumptions, thus depriving lenders of the ability to anticipate the CFPB’s analysis and to comply accordingly. H.R. 1737 would establish clear rules and put any guidance regarding indirect auto lending on a solid footing by eliminating any legal effect of the CFPB’s 2013 guidance, and then imposing reasonable conditions on any future guidance on this topic. 
would provide regulatory certainty to lenders—particularly small lenders such as community banks and credit unions—by allowing loans held on the books of a lender to be eligible for the safe harbor provided under the Qualified Mortgage (QM) rule. It would also correct the CFPB’s ‘‘onesizefitsall’’ approach for the mortgage market. H.R. 1210 would facilitate a robust underwriting process by lenders and would also help qualified borrowers obtain mortgages by alleviating some of the uncertainty that currently exists under the QM rule. 
clear rules and establish certainty in the marketplace benefiting consumers and businesses. The Chamber urges the House of Representatives to pass these bills as expeditiously as possible. 
Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) strongly supports H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act.’’ We urge you to vote for this bipartisan legislation when it is acted upon by the full House this week. 
This important piece of legislation rescinds the problematic guidance issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) on indirect auto financing. The guidance is based on assumptions and analysis the CFPB has not made public. In the end, CFPB’s action would prevent consumers from negotiating and selecting a financing method that makes the most sense for them. This guidance would also raise costs. Small firms and selfemployed individuals who purchase vehicles to conduct businesses would 
be impacted by this unnecessary autofinancing rule. To compete and survive, small businesses need flexibility in choosing their best financing arrangement. 
transparent on future rules or guidance by making those proposed actions available for public review and comment. The CFPB would also be required to study the impact of its actions on consumers. 
your support of America’s entrepreneurs and small business owners. 
of the Motorcycle Industry Council (MIC), I write in support of H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act.’’ This important legislation was voted out of Committee with overwhelming support and currently has 166 cosponsors. We are encouraged that this bipartisan legislative measure will be considered by the full House of Representatives this week and look forward to continuing to work with you as the bill moves through the legislative process and ultimate enactment. 
The MIC is a notforprofit national industry association with offices in Irvine, California and metropolitan Washington, D.C. The MIC seeks to support motorcyclists by representing manufacturers, distributors, dealers and retailers of motorcycles, scooters, ATVs, ROVs, motorcycle/ATV/ROV parts, accessories and related goods and services, and members of allied trades such as insurance, finance and others with a commercial interest in the industry. 
H.R. 1737 is necessary as a result of 2013 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) guidance that threatens the ability of dealers to discount the annual percentage rate offered to consumers to finance vehicle purchases. The guidance was issued without adequate public input, consultation with sister agencies or study of the impacts of the guidance on consumers. Your legislation would address these issues by requiring the CFPB to provide notice and a period for public comment; make public any studies, data, and analyses upon which the guidance is based; consult with the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice; and study the cost and impact of the guidance on consumers as well as womenowned, minority owned, and small businesses. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We, the undersigned organizations who represent businesses that make, sell, finance, auction and service motor vehicles are writing to express our strong support for H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act.’’ This bipartisan bill, introduced by Reps. Guinta (R–NH) and Perlmutter (D–CO), would rescind the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) flawed 2013 auto finance guidance and allow the CFPB to reissue it under a more transparent and better informed process. 
Financial Services Committee on a bipartisan basis, has 166 bipartisan cosponsors. On 
July 29, the House Financial Services Committee passed H.R. 1737 by a vote of 47–10. In addition to rescinding the 2013 guidance, H.R. 1737 would require that, prior to issuing any new guidance related to indirect auto financing, the CFPB: 
make public any studies, data, and analyses upon which the guidance is based; 
the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice; and 
on consumers as well as womenowned, minority—owned, and small businesses. 
This is the entire scope of the bill. By design, H.R. 1737 does not impinge on the CFPB’s structure, jurisdiction, or authorities. 
not be used as a means to make sweeping policy and market changes, the CFPB auto guidance does not effectively manage fair credit risk in the showroom, which is its purported goal. The Department of Justice (DOJ), however, has created a better approach to address fair credit risk without decreasing competition and harming consumers. The DOJ model was used as a template for a comprehensive compliance program that the National Automobile Dealers Association, National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers, and American International Automobile Dealers Association issued last year to their respective members. This compliance program addresses fair credit risk where it matters—in the showroom— while preserving a dealer’s ability to discount credit. 
over 90 Members and Senators on both sides of the aisle have been written to the CFPB asking questions and expressing concern regarding its auto guidance. Nonetheless, many essential questions still remain unanswered. The open and transparent process required by H.R. 1737 would provide a framework for those questions to be answered, and to ascertain whether the CFPB’s new policy can withstand public scrutiny. 
Since the 1920s, credit has been the lifeblood of America’s auto industry. H.R. 1737 is a moderate, bipartisan process bill that does not direct a result or tie the CFPB’s hands, but merely gives the public an opportunity to scrutinize and comment on the CFPB’s attempt to change the auto loan market via ‘‘guidance.’’ 
We respectfully ask you to protect consumers and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1737. Thank you for your consideration. 
the U.S. Consumer Coalition, I write in support of H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act.’’ USCC thanks you for scheduling a House vote on legislation that would rescind flawed guidance from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) that was designed to eliminate the ability of consumers to access auto financing discounts. 
USCC would also like to thank Representative Guinta and Chairman Hensarling for prioritizing the needs of American consumers by introducing and shepherding this legislation through Committee. 
grassroots advocacy organization that works to protect consumers’ rights to access free market goods and services, and we believe that all Americans benefit from a thriving freemarket economy. Unfortunately, the CFPB is actively engaging in efforts to regulate, restrict, and diminish consumer choice. As an advocate on behalf of America’s consumers, defending their right to make decisions for themselves and their families without burdensome government interference, USCC supports H.R. 1737. 
access to auto financing discounts that can save them millions of dollars every year. To further protect the rights’ of consumers, H.R. 1737 would also require more transparency in the CFPB’s regulation and rule making process. Specifically, the bill would require the CFPB: 
Provide a public notice and comment period before issuing any final guidance on indirect auto financing; 
Make publicly available all information relied on by the CFPB for making such a rule; 
that share jurisdiction over the indirect auto lending market; and 
Study the costs and impacts of the guidance to consumers and womenowned, minorityowned, and small businesses. 
guidance was made without any study on the impact that it would have on consumers. It is imperative that such studies are done to show the direct, and indirect, impacts that the powerful CFPB can have on the every day lives of the American consumer. USCC supports the reforms that H.R. 1737 
seeks to make, as well as any effort to protect consumers’ freedom and choice. 
of the 149 new car and truck dealers in New Hampshire, we are writing to express our strong support for H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act.’’ This bipartisan bill was introduced on April 8 by you and Rep. Ed Perlmutter (D– CO). H.R. 1737 would rescind the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) flawed 2013 auto finance guidance and allow the CFPB to reissue it under an open and transparent process. 
H.R. 1737 would require that, prior to issuing any new guidance related to indirect auto financing, the CFPB: 
make public any studies, data, and analyses upon which the guidance is based; 
the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice; and 
on consumers as well as womenowned, minorityowned, and small businesses. 
not be used as a means to make sweeping policy and market changes, the CFPB auto guidance does not effectively manage fair credit risk in the showroom, which is its purported goal. The Department of Justice (DOJ), however, has created a better approach to address fair credit risk without decreasing competition and harming consumers. The DOJ model is being used as a template for a comprehensive compliance program that the National Automobile Dealers Association, National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers, and American International Automobile Dealers Association issued last year to their respective members. This optional compliance program addresses fair credit risk where it matters— in the showroom—while preserving a dealer’s ability to discount credit. 
H.R. 1737 establishes an orderly, transparent process whereby the CFPB can identify the DOJ model as a viable means to address fair credit risk. 
Since the 1920s, credit has been the lifeblood of America’s auto industry. H.R. 1737 is a moderate, bipartisan process bill that does not direct a result or tie the CFPB’s hands, but merely gives the public an opportunity to scrutinize and comment on the CFPB’s attempt to change the auto loan market via ‘‘guidance.’’ Without this legislation, dealer assisted financing remains at risk, along 
eliminate our customers’ ability to obtain lower interest rates at dealerships. 
On behalf of all New Hampshire small business auto dealers, thank you for your leadership on this important small business and consumer issue. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ), who is the 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank President Obama; I thank Mr. Cordray, who is the head of the CFPB; and I thank the ranking member for taking the position of protecting consumers. 
where it is not enough for things to be right. They must also look right. And here is what doesn’t look right and, in fact, is not right. 
for a person to go into an auto dealership, agree on a price, and then be sent to a finance department where this indirect lending takes place. It doesn’t look right for that person to then be quoted an interest rate and agree to that interest rate, not knowing that the interest rate that the person has agreed to is higher than the one the person qualified for. 
consumers not knowing that they are paying more for their interest rates than they have qualified for. We dealt with this with the yield spread premium, same thing, slightly different, in that it dealt with home mortgages, but we outlawed that in DoddFrank. The CFPB is now trying its very best to make sure all people are treated fairly and equally when they apply for auto loans. 
It doesn’t look right for this to happen, and studies consistently show that minorities, African Americans, Hispanics, Asians, are charged more for these loans than others are charged. The empirical evidence is there for those who wish to see it. 
right; they must also look right. This bill just doesn’t look right, and it doesn’t smell right, and it is not right, and we ought not continue this kind of behavior in this country. 
In a righteous world, we would be debating the type of fraud that is being perpetrated on consumers. 
their conscience. But I will tell you that I am not going to support this kind of procedure that makes it entirely possible for invidious discrimination to continue. I came here to fight invidious discrimination. This is a part of that fight. We must not allow this kind of behavior to continue when we have got a CFPB that is willing to stand up for minorities, we have got a President who has appointed this man, and we have got a ranking member who is fighting hard to make sure minorities are treated fairly. 
have no greater friend in the Congress of the United States of America than the Honorable MAXINE WATERS , who 
goes to bat every day to make sure that consumers, regardless of race, creed, color, national origin, or sexuality, are treated fairly. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GARRETT ), chairman 
of the Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee of our committee. 
just back in 2013, the CFPB, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, issued something called a bulletin. 
auto dealer discounts, essentially helping consumers, on the grounds that these discounts create a fair credit risk. 
with what they did. First, the CFPB’s actions will actually raise costs, raise credit costs for families—these very same families that are having a tough time, as it is, in this economy because this is a bad economy right now—and make it harder for these family to purchase a car. 
Secondly, the CFPB’s action is expressly prohibited by law from regulating auto dealers by the authorizing statute in DoddFrank. 
closed doors, without any transparency or input from the general public that they are supposed to be protecting, to circumvent, to go around the law, and found an indirect way to alter an industry that the CFPB is prohibited by law from doing. 
an outofcontrol agency, I don’t know what it is. 
Mr. Chairman, it is time that we defend the rule of law in this country and defend transparent government against these unaccountable bureaucrats down the street at the CFPB. 
the Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act. And by doing so, by repealing their improper, unlawful actions and denying the ability to provide dealers discounts, denying the ability to provide them the discounts to the customers, and requiring a transparent process for all future actions, this bill will preserve the consumers’ ability to get a discounted auto rate and preserve the ability to adhere to the principles of open, honest, transparent, lawful government. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We must realize that what Mr. GARRETT just shared with us is certainly 
not what the CFPB has done. As a matter of fact, what the CFPB has done, it has said: Lender, you cannot say that I will take X amount of percentage of interest; I will take 5, 10 percent interest; and, dealer, you can mark it up another 3, 4, 5 percent. 
from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. 
gentlewoman for the time. The ranking member has been an outstanding advocate for American consumers, and I thank her. 
‘‘no’’ on this piece of legislation and to alert the American people of another attempt to make it easier to overcharge you when you make a purchase. 
occurs when you try to buy a car. Most people need to take out a loan to buy a car or a truck. They frequently get their financing through an auto dealer. 
dealers can raise the price or the interest rate offered by the partnering bank to make an additional profit. 
that African Americans and Latinos, despite negotiating harder and having good credit scores, pay a higher interest rate than white car buyers, charging some people 2 or 2.5 more percent than others, based on skin color. 
It is also a violation of the law. The 
Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits discrimination in the financial marketplace. Lenders who partner with auto dealers have a responsibility to ensure that borrowers receive fair treatment. That is what the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is trying to do. 
The CFPB issued guidance recommending that the auto industry establish flatrate pricing and some other approach to ensure that they are not discriminating against their customers. This makes sense to me and would be beneficial to consumers. 
This bill, on which I urge a ‘‘no,’’ nullifies the CFPB’s guidance. It requires the bill to jump through a number of hoops that open the Bureau up to litigation before the CFPB can establish new guidance. 
Auto Dealers opposes this bill. They say: ‘‘To date, the recent consent orders between the CFPB, DOJ and financial institutions and captive finance companies to settle discrimination claims have not resulted in any negative outcomes or loss of revenue for minority dealers. We are convinced that this matter should and, more importantly, can be resolved with a nonlegislative fix.’’ 
fully participate in this economy. If you want to do something about income inequality, you must say ‘‘no’’ to this bill. 
Join the National Association of Minority Auto Dealers, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the Center for Responsible Lending, the Consumers Union, Consumer Action, the National Council of La Raza, Americans for Financial Reform, American Association for Justice, ColorOfChange, Leadership Conference on Civil Rights and Human Rights, the Urban League, and more to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. 
Association of Minority Automobile Dealers’ letter opposing this legislation and the NAACP’s letter opposing this legislation. 
I just want to point out that discrimination in this country has been fought long and hard for centuries. Let’s not stop now. 
DEARCONGRESSMAN BUTTERFIELD : The National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers (NAMAD) is not in support of H.R. 1737, ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act’’, as we believe this issue can and should be resolved nonlegislatively. This legislation does nothing to alter the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) authority to enforce, or lenders’ obligations under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (Act). 
that consumers are protected and treated fairly. Reversing guidance to lenders at a time of heightened regulatory scrutiny could delay lenders’ efforts to comply with the Act. 
of 2008, legislation enacted to bail out financial institutions and to aid General Motors and Chrysler through bankruptcy was not beneficial for minority dealers. Minority owned dealers were disproportionally affected with a 40% (400 dealers) decline in its dealer body in comparison to nonminority dealers, who suffered only a 6% decline. Today, out of the 18,000 new automobile dealerships, only 1,100 are minority owned. 
NAMAD finds that, to date, the recent consent orders between the CFPB, DOJ and financial institutions and captive finance companies to settle discrimination claims have not resulted in any negative outcomes or loss of revenue for minority dealers. 
and more importantly, can be resolved with a nonlegislative fix. In particular, NAMAD believes that the Fair Credit Compliance Policy & Program it instituted in 2014 along with NADA and AIADA achieves this goal, as the program is designed to prevent any discriminatory practices for all consumers. 
We do not support H.R. 1737, as the solution to discrimination in auto lending, but rather urge you and your colleagues to assist us in coming up with and implementing a nonlegislative answer. 
of the NAACP, our nation’s oldest, largest and most widelyrecognized grassrootsbased civil rights organization, I strongly urge you to oppose and vote against H.R. 1737, the Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act. If enacted, this legislation will allow racial and ethnic minorities to continue to be discriminated against by auto lenders. Discrimination based on race or ethnicity in the financial services or any other arena must be stopped, and this bill goes in the opposite, and wrong, direction. 
than 20 years that the full price you may pay for an auto may not be based solely on the make, type, and model of the car; some of the less scrupulous car dealers would offer higher loan rates to people based on the color of their skin, their last name, or what they look like. In the mid–1990’s, this trend of discrimination became apparent and a series of lawsuits were filed against the largest auto finance companies in the country. The data from those lawsuits showed that borrowers of color were twice as likely to have their loans marked up, and paid markups twice as large as similarly situated white borrowers with similar credit ratings. Thus, on March 21, 2013, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) issued a bulletin providing guidance for indirect auto lenders who may fall within the CFPB’s jurisdiction on ways to limit fair lending risk under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, or ECOA. 
lenders who offer auto loans through dealerships are responsible for any unlawful, discriminatory pricing, which may occur and that they should take actions to eliminate the discrimination. In other words, dealers could continue to mark up loans, and they could continue to be compensated for such markups; simply, they should not discriminatorily markup loans based on race. And the financial servicers which underwrote the loans should do what they could to ensure that discrimination based on race or against any other protected class was not perpetuated. 
guidance on indirect auto lending. It is an important step in the Bureau’s enforcement of fair lending laws and regulations, and it is clearly within the jurisdiction of the CFPB to ensure that there is not discrimination in lending. 
banks, and credit unions—and their affiliates—that have assets over $10 billion. The CFPB supervises more than 150 of the nation’s largest financial institutions. Furthermore, existing law, ECOA, makes it illegal for a creditor to discriminate in any aspect of a credit transaction on prohibited bases including race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, and age. Under ECOA, and not to mention under the rules of basic fairness and a moral sense of right and wrong, lenders have an obligation to monitor and eradicate discrimination, and to change those practices that lead to the discrimination. In its bulletin, the CFPB reiterated that certain lenders which may offer auto loans through dealerships are liable for unlawful, discriminatory pricing. 
been victims of high priced, often unsustainable, predatory, loans. This is true when we are discussing almost every financial transaction: whether it be a mortgage, an auto loan, or a shortterm loan just to make ends meet, including a payday loan. 
These high cost, predatory, loans have been a staple in our community for decades. Study after study has clearly demonstrated that even when credit history is taken into account, African Americans and Latinos are regularly charged more for home or auto loans than white customers. While dealer markups affect all consumers, research has shown that Latino and African American borrowers are more likely than White borrowers to receive an unnecessary markup in their interest rate, and the markup is typically higher for Latinos and African Americans than Whites, regardless of creditworthiness. 
Auto Financing Guidance Act’’ would undermine the ability of the CFPB to root out discrimination, something that has no place in our lending markets, yet has, unfortunately, been proven to exist. The role of the CFPB is to protect consumers, and with their 2013 guidance, they have done just that. We should be applauding and encouraging the agency’s measured, yet affirmative, steps to stop discrimination. Yet H.R. 1737 attacks the Bureau’s attempts to protect us. 
agencies who play by the rules and do not discriminate should have no problems with the CFPB guidance. In fact, they should welcome it as it helps clean up an industry which has been tainted by discrimination for too long. An auto is too prevalent, too necessary, and too much of a family investment for us to allow discrimination to exist in the cost of the car. 
to the NAACP position. Should you have any questions or comments on the NAACP position, please feel free to contact me. 
Washington Bureau & Senior Vice President for Policy and Advocacy. 
H.R. 1737 is opposed by the National Association of Minority Auto Dealers, Center for Responsible Lending, NAACP, Consumers Union, Consumer Action, National Council of La Raza, Americans for Financial Reform, American Association for Justice (AAJ), Color of Change, Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, National Consumer Law Center, National Urban League, U.S. PIRG, the Woodstock Institute and more. 
H.R. 1737, the socalled ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act.’’ This legislation would prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) from enforcing laws against discrimination in auto lending. This bill nullifies CFPB’s guidance to lenders on how to avoid practices that may lead to discriminatory pricing. 
Automobiles are the most common financial assets owned by American households, and are a prerequisite for many jobs. When people buy cars with dealer financing, they can be charged an interest rate mark up. This mark up can be set by the individual car dealer. Such variable pricing can lead to discrimination. Even though current U.S. law prohibits lending discrimination based on unrelated background traits, African Americans, Latinos and others could be charged a higher interest rate, regardless of credit scores or income. 
In recent years, the CFPB and the Department of Justice took actions resulting in 
more than $176 million in fines and restitution to people who paid higher interest rates for auto loans based not on their credit risk but on their ethnicity. 
not be able to continue to enforce these rules for indirect auto lenders. When people are overcharged, they have less money to spend and invest which slows our economy. We urge members to support, not weaken, the CFPB’s effort to fight discrimination in auto lending. Oppose H.R. 1737. 
STAND WITH NEARLY 70 CIVIL RIGHTS AND CON SUMER ADVOCACY ORGANIZATIONS IN OPPOSI TION TO H .R. 1737 
will consider H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Lending Guidance Act.’’ This legislation sends a clear message to the CFPB that they should back down from enforcing our fair lending laws against auto lenders. The CFPB has recovered $140 million in fines and penalties against auto lenders for engaging in discriminatory auto lending practices in two years—more than other regulators in the 40 years since the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) was enacted. Now is not the time to tell the Bureau to back away from their mission in ensuring lending free from discrimination on the basis of race, ethnicity or other protected characteristics or to introduce unnecessary uncertainty to ongoing lender efforts to comply with fair lending laws. 
the CFPB has found that auto lenders have failed to appropriately monitor practices that allow AfricanAmerican, Hispanic, and Asian and Pacific Islander borrowers to be charged more than their white counterparts through undisclosed interestrate markups. These additional markups are charged without regard to the borrower’s credit history and have displayed a clear pattern of discrimination. Several large auto financers have already settled with the CFPB and pledged to reform their practices, while at 
their work, but it should not be at minority borrowers’ expense. Fair compensation for dealers can coexist with affordable and equitable access to credit, and the CFPB’s approach to date reflects this recognition. Even the CEO of the largest auto retailer in the country, AutoNation’s Mike Jackson, has commended the CFPB’s approach stating that ‘‘[t]he goal [of the Honda Settlement] is to reduce the variability in loans without hurting the dealer economically . . . [t]h[e] [Honda agreement] is a very viable method of doing both of those things, and I’m saying the industry should look at this as a template for moving forward.’’ 
The CFPB is tackling decades of discrimination in the auto lending marketplace, and they have done it in spite of various attempts to undermine their authority to do so directly through familiar attacks on the Bureau’s structure and funding and indirectly through proposals like H.R. 1737. This legislation would tie the Bureau’s hands at the very time that they are making progress in reining in decadesold practices that have left far too many borrowers overpaying for their auto loans. Supporters of H.R. 1737 contend that the 
proposal is modest because it is not a direct attack on the Bureau’s structure, budget or enforcement authority under ECOA. This is misleading, as it undermines lenders’ attempts to comply with ECOA. Lenders have used the guidance H.R. 1737 nullifies for nearly three years to develop compliance policies designed to protect consumers. As the Administration notes in their opposition to H.R. 1737, ‘‘[t]he bill would create confusion about the existing protections in place to prevent discriminatory auto loan pricing, and effectively block [the] CFPB from issuing related guidance in the nearterm.’’ 
prohibit the reissuance of future guidance, the restrictions it places on the Bureau concerning any future guidance ensures that it will be substantially delayed or never reissued. No other agency is required to undergo requirements similar to a rulemaking for simply issuing guidance to regulated entities, and no other type of guidance from the CFPB is subject to these burdensome restrictions except guidance to auto lenders. Indeed, H.R. 1737’s supporters have yet to demonstrate why guidance to auto lenders requires that the Bureau jump through so many bureaucratic hoops when the guidance is there to help lenders comply with the law. 
that the proposal is necessary to maintain affordable auto financing, the CFPB’s oversight of potentially discriminatory lending practices has not led to higher borrower costs or restricted access to credit. Outstanding auto loan balances reached $1 trillion dollars in the second quarter of 2015— the first time in U.S. history. Industry experts predict that the number of vehicles sold in 2015 will exceed 17 million for the first time since 2001. The National Association of Minority Auto Dealers have confirmed this, noting in their opposition to H.R. 1737 that the CFPB’s activity, ‘‘ha[s] not resulted in any negative outcomes or loss of revenue’’ for their member dealers. There is simply no evidence that the Bureau’s oversight has caused prices to increase or led to fewer borrowers being able to get financing. 
Make no mistake, H.R. 1737 leaves consumers more vulnerable to unfair or discriminatory business practices. This is why the Administration, the nation’s minority auto dealers, the largest auto dealer in the country, and nearly 70 civil rights organizations and consumer advocacy groups oppose H.R. 1737—it does nothing to move the ball forward on the important work of eliminating potentially discriminatory lending practices. 
The people best positioned to address discriminatory lending practices are the lenders themselves, and H.R. 1737 denies lenders vital information they need to ensure that they are not underwriting loans that contain potentially discriminatory interest rate markups that harm borrowers. 
yield myself 10 seconds just to say that the exact same group the gentleman quoted, the National Association of Minority Auto Dealers, says in their letter: ‘‘This legislation does nothing to alter the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s authority to enforce, or lenders’ obligations under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.’’ 
Again, that is a red herring. I yield 1
from Indiana (Mr. M ESSER ). Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chairman, if it 
CFPB issued a guidance bulletin, without public notice and comment, threatening to eliminate a car dealer’s ability to discount interest rates for their customers. 
with no study of the impact on consumers or small businesses, and it was issued with no proof that current industry standard discount practices were harming consumers. 
the guidance was issued with no evidence of any discrimination. 
burden imposed by this guidance will be bad for car dealers because it eliminates a car dealer’s ability to provide lower interest rates for their customers, and it is bad for consumers because they will inevitably pay more. 
that stops the CFPB’s solution in search of a problem. It nullifies the CFPB’s current guidance bulletin restricting discounts on auto loan interest rates, and it requires the CFPB to allow for public notice and comment before any further restrictions can be imposed. 
It is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Chairman and Members, this business about consumers not being able to negotiate down, that somehow the car dealers can’t give a discount is absolutely not true, absolutely not true. 
from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade of the Financial Services Committee. 
H.R. 1737. I have listened very carefully to my colleagues, and I am very sympathetic and empathetic to their desire to help their auto dealers. Too bad this legislation doesn’t do that. 
this bill that the CFPB can’t directly regulate auto dealers, and I don’t think the CFPB wants to regulate auto dealers. 
doesn’t help auto dealers, and it is not a response to CFPB regulatory overreach. What the CFPB does have jurisdiction over is the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. 
a funny thing: that minorities were paying higher markups on auto loans, even when you control for credit risk and other factors, discounts. They noticed if you were Jesus Rodriguez or Barack Obama Jones that somehow you paid a higher price for the car. 
Now, the problem is that this legislation attempts to free the auto dealers from discrimination. Of course, discrimination is a violation of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. The CFPB and the Department of Justice brought actions against these lenders for violations of ECOA. 
there was no evidence that these car dealers had done anything wrong. No, because it didn’t go to court. That is why there was no evidence. It went to settlement, and they settled for $140 million. 
borrowers from discrimination and then put out helpful guidance. 
So why are we here today, Mr. Chairman? We are here considering this legislation so that auto dealers can violate the ECOA. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. STUTZMAN ). 
thank the chairman for his yielding and his work on this issue. I also thank Mr. GUINTA for bringing this bill forward. 
introduced its 2013 bulletin on indirect auto lending, the need for this legislation has been clear. 
order to get around the rulemaking process for indirect auto lending. This kind of guidance is traditionally used as a mere restatement of law or to provide further explanation of rulemaking. It is not traditionally used to make a major policy like fundamentally altering the auto loan market. 
unwilling to publish online all of the data and assumptions it has relied upon for this guidance. Providing these details should be an obvious and easy step to implement for any credible government agency. 
not subject to the appropriations process, they seem unwilling to comply with even the most commonsense oversight by Congress. Therefore, H.R. 1737 is necessary to require the CFPB to provide for a notice and comment period before it can reissue any related guidance. 
Mr. Chairman, this compromise legislation represents fair and reasonable adjustments to the CFPB’s regulatory guidance process intended to promote transparency and accountability for regulators. This legislation is truly a bipartisan effort that was supported in committee by 13 Members on the minority side of the aisle. 
I am also glad to see widespread support for this legislation from a range of groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Automobile Dealers Association, the national RV Dealers Association, the Independent Community Bankers Association, and the Credit Union National Association. 
to introduce legislation similar to Mr. GUINTA ’s after hearing from so many 
auto dealers in my State the frustrations they had with this particular rule. I am proud to support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to help us promote greater transparency and accountability and bring common sense back to the marketplace. 
doing is trying to confuse people between a rule and a guidance. This is a guidance, and they are trying, through this legislation, to make guidance comply with the same kind of rules that the rules have to go through. So don’t pay any attention to that. He is just trying to confuse people. 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), a member of the Financial 
another attempt to obstruct the most important watchdog working on behalf of U.S. consumers, the CFPB. 
Since its creation, the agency has returned over $11 billion to more than 25 million consumers harmed by unfair and deceptive practices. Its work is absolutely essential for everyday Americans, giving them the security of knowing that there is someone on their side. 
One area where the CFPB’s role is increasingly important is auto finance, where outstanding car and truck loan balances now reach $1 trillion, the highest in history. 
alive and well in the indirect auto lending marketplace. In the three settlements to date against Ally Financial, Fifth Third Bank, and Honda, the CFPB secured nearly $140 million in borrower relief and penalties. It found that minority borrowers paid $200 more over the life of a car loan than White borrowers, even when controlling for borrowers’ creditworthiness. 
with decades of litigation and research that confirm that discretionary markups in indirect auto lending cause millions of dollars in overpayments from minority borrowers. To further their work in this area, the CFPB issued specific guidance regarding auto lending practices. 
this guidance and place absurd restrictions on the reissuance of any new guidance. These new restrictions would be unique to the CFPB and would place an unprecedented burden on the agency’s issuance of guidance designed to help lenders comply with Federal fair lending laws. This undermines the basic role of the CFPB and will create uncertainty regarding the application 
of Federal lending laws in the auto finance sector. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentlewoman from New York an additional 30 seconds. 
deal for car buyers, especially minorities, who continue to fall victim to deceptive and unfair practices. 
Let’s let the CFPB do what it is supposed to do—protect the millions of consumers that will buy cars this year—and reject H.R. 1737. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this misguided legislation. 
might I inquire how much time is remaining on each side. 
from Texas has 15 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 13
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HINOJOSA ), my Democratic 
today in support of H.R. 1737, the Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act. 
I am proud to say that in my 19 years 
in Congress, I have been a champion of the consumer and have fought for their protection. As a member of the Financial Services Committee, I strongly supported the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and continue to be a strident defender and proponent of CFPB. 
CFPB’s guidance with respect to indirect auto lending, which would increase the cost of consumer financing. In our effort to find discrimination in the marketplace, we must be careful not to push for policy solutions that hurt the very consumers we are trying to protect. 
the CFPB or any agency from enforcing fair lending laws. Rather, it provides an opportunity to reissue the guidance in a more inclusive and transparent manner. 
As part of our mission to protect consumers, I urge the CFPB to work closely with stakeholders to improve the guidance in this important area. I also encourage the Bureau to develop and implement a financial literacy program aimed at teaching consumers the skills necessary to make informed financial decisions regarding the purchase of an auto through the use of financing. We need to do everything we can to ensure Americans have the basic financial literacy skills to enable them to navigate our increasingly complex financial system and make good, informed decisions. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. I yield to the gentleman from New Hampshire so that he may express support for financial literacy and offer to work with us to encourage the Bureau to develop a financial literacy program aimed at auto financing. 
Mr. GUINTA. I would like to reiterate that the CFPB has the authority and the tools to increase financial literacy skills to consumers. I would be more than happy to work with the gentleman personally to make sure that they better educate consumers when they are purchasing a car. That is something that is important and critical. I value the interest that the gentleman has on this component of the bill, and I plan to work with the gentleman. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. I thank the gentleman. I gladly accept his offer, and I look forward to working together to promote financial literacy, especially with respect to auto financing. 
Mr. Chairman and Members, this is not about financial literacy. This is about raw discrimination. 
ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. He is a real fighter for freedom and justice. 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I thank the gentlewoman for her 
H.R. 1737. If this bill is enacted, it will cost minority auto purchasers millions of dollars. 
Car purchases are extremely complicated transactions. Most Americans make only a few in a lifetime, and they are not familiar with the many detailed terms and procedures of these transactions. One thing that is not complicated is that charging a markup just because a buyer is a minority is simply illegal. 
Bureau protects minority purchasers against auto dealers that seek to charge abusive and predatory markups. The purpose of the bill before us today is to eliminate this protection—that is exactly what it is—leaving minority consumers at risk of being charged abusive and predatory interest rates. 
to pay $80 million in damages and $18 million in penalties for imposing higher interest rates on 235,000 minority borrowers. Just this year, the Bureau ordered Fifth Third Bank to pay $18 million in damages for permitting markups of as much as 2.5 percent for minorities. 
CFPB from carrying out its duty to protect minority borrowers, the administration has announced they would veto this bill. 
and every repeated effort to undermine—and that is exactly what it is, to undermine—the CFPB. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), my Democratic colleague. 
Chairman, ladies and gentlemen, I want to take a moment to point out 
why I am supporting this and am a cosponsor of this bill. 
First of all, to our leader, the ranking member who does an excellent job, she is absolutely right. We must go at discrimination with lenders. But, Mr. Chairman, the unintended consequence of this is not punishing the lenders who may or may not be doing discrimination. If we show it, they should. Unfortunately, this guidance goes directly at dealers and low and moderateincome customers, African Americans and other minorities who will be denied, because it takes away the dealers’ ability to discount interest rates and be flexible. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are 55 million unbanked and underbanked people in the United States. They don’t have the bank. They are not going to Ally Bank. 
buy a car. Some of them don’t even have a credit card, but they have that dealer that can walk through the door. And if that dealer has the flexibility to be able to discount the interest rate, bringing a lower price to the car, they shouldn’t be denied from having that opportunity to do it. 
When you play the race card, you have got to make sure you play it right. That is all I am saying. 
looked at the methodology that they used to determine who the Black people were, they said: Hey, the best way of doing this is to go by the last names: Jackson, Williams, Johnson, Robinson. 
named that, but there are an awful lot of White people that are named that, too. 
checks went out, that there were some happy White people, looking: Where did I get this money? Where did I get this $200 or $300 from? 
backseat to nobody when it comes to standing up and fighting for racial equality. My life’s story is that. I integrated the school systems in Scarsdale, New York, where not only was I just the only Black kid in the school or in my class, but I was the only Black kid in the whole city of Scarsdale. 
My office mate in the Senate was Julian Bond. We went all across this country speaking for 40 years as a State representative, as a State senator, and now as a Congressman. My whole life has been for fighting this. 
But when you deal with racial discrimination, it has got to be right. The methodology that the CFPB used is flawed. It is absolutely flawed. In the process, the CFPB itself is being charged with racial discrimination. 
Now, all I am saying is what is fair is 
gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman from Georgia an additional 1 minute. 
are not asking to discontinue this. We are asking to go after where the discrimination is. But don’t hurt the lower middleincome people who don’t have the credit or don’t have a credit card. 
with that dealer. If you take that out of the way of the dealer, you are hurting the very people that some of the people who are opposing our bill want to help. 
here. Let’s get truth here. All we are doing is asking the CFPB to come back, start over, get the right methodology, so you are getting the right people that you are sending the checks to, and also call in the Justice Department, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Federal Reserve, who are the ones under DoddFrank that regulate the auto dealers and not auto lenders. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the arguments that are used by the other side simply are not true. 
have the authority. They do have the authority under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. 
right methodologies, the same that is used by the Justice Department. 
give discounts. That is absolutely not true. They can. 
I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ), a young man that has 
been leading an effort on the floor of Congress for justice for minorities and women consistently. 
thank the distinguished gentlewoman from California for yielding and for her leadership. 
legislation are not playing the race card. America for centuries has played the race card—slavery, Jim Crow, lynchings, the Black Codes, institutional racism, unconscious bias—that continues to this day. 
way in the United States of America, but we still have a long way to go. Everyone should have recognized the fact a few months ago when those souls were killed in Charleston, South Carolina, that racism in many corridors in this country is still functional, in existence, and poisoning our society. 
African American consumers are paying higher interest rates for the same financial product when controlling for creditworthiness put in the context of history in this country, we are concerned. 
opportunity to robustly pursue the American Dream, we need a level playing field. We need rules of engagement that apply to everyone, regardless of the color of their skin. We need equal opportunity. 
automobile lending context. That is why I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote against this legislation. Let the CFPB do its work. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), one of the outstanding workers for H.R. 1737. 
as Mr. D AVID SCOTT had said. I am also 
an auto dealer, but my colleagues here in the House already know that. It is not something I am ashamed of. In fact, it is something I am very proud of. 
auto dealers. It is about an agency that continues to act not in the best interest of the consumer, but bigger government. 
afternoon to give you a little perspective on that. As many smallbusiness owners can tell you, the financial crisis of 2008 was the worst they had ever seen. Millions of Americans and thousands of smallbusiness owners never recovered. 
DoddFrank Act, which, in turn, created the CFPB. The CFPB was given broad jurisdiction over the financial services sector: banks, insurance companies, mortgage lenders, credit card companies, payday lenders. The list goes on and on and on. 
of new laws and regulations. Mr. Chairman, I want to take a second and read from one of the sections of DoddFrank that has particular importance to us today. Section 1029 says: 
rulemaking, supervisory enforcement or any authority, including any authority to order assessment, over a motor vehicle dealer that is predominantly engaged in the sale and servicing of motor vehicles, the leasing and servicing of motor vehicles, or both. 
2013, the CFPB didn’t propose a new rule or a new regulation. In fact, they didn’t seek comments from industry, consumers, or even Congress. But, instead, they offered guidance. 
the CFPB has acknowledged that they did not analyze or estimate the economic impact it would have on customers. In addition, an independent study commissioned by the American Financial Services Association found several significant flaws in the Bureau’s methodology, which led to inaccurate, incomplete, and unreliable conclusions about pricing disparities in the auto finance market. 
the CFPB and lenders have highlighted the Bureau’s strongarm tactics and inability to prevent fraudulent claims. At a hearing a few months ago, the Committee on Financial Services heard testimony about the lack of oversight implemented by the CFPB when paying claims to those who were potentially discriminated against. 
Mr. Chairman, what most don’t understand is that auto dealers—I repeat—auto dealers—are driven by competition. We are driven by protecting our reputation, providing service to our customers, and serving our communities. 
lenders for alleged discriminatory practices, they don’t punish the dealers. They punish the consumer, the very people they are trying to supposedly protect, just as most government involvement does. 
transparency and clarification to a process that has had neither. 
Cordray and all those at the CFPB think they can control my industry by controlling the lenders we do business with. But let’s not lose sight on what the law says. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), a former insurance commissioner of California who has dealt with a lot of these issues. 
raised a very significant issue here. It kind of helps to actually read the guidelines. 
I have spent 8 years of my life as a 
regulator trying to protect the consumers from unfair practices in the insurance industry, some of which dealt with the issue of credit. 
What we have here is an effort by the 
CFPB to give guidance—not a law, not a regulation, but guidance—to auto dealers and to indirect lenders on what they should do—not must do, but what they should do—to obey the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, which the CFPB actually does have the power to enforce. 
stands in the place of an auto dealer in developing the terms of credit. That then makes the indirect lender subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. 
It is pretty simple here. This is guidance about how you could monitor what you should do as a dealer or as an indirect lender in obeying the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. 
don’t do it, there are outlines about what you should do to deal with any problem that is found. 
here? The problem here is obeying the law as an indirect lender where you actually have the power to direct and to determine what the loan is. Now, my history in regulating the insurance industry is that there is a pernicious and continuing discrimination that takes place, not necessarily Black, not necessarily Hispanic, but it exists in the poorer communities and keeps those communities down because they wind up paying a whole lot more for insurance, for credit, and for other economic policies. Pretty simple. 
This is about being fair in the practices of lending. I understand the auto dealers and the indirect lenders would rather not, but there is a history here, as has been stated in the debate, of where lenders have been found to be out of compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. 
with this opposition to this bill is saying to follow the guidance, follow the guidance and stay out of trouble. Pretty simple. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). 
in support of my colleague from New Hampshire on his bipartisan bill to reform and assist our Nation’s auto dealers and consumers and increase the oversight and transparency of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
CFPB from regulating auto dealers, but their guidance on indirect auto lending is an end around to indeed do just that, regulate auto dealer sales. 
Not only is the CFPB’s guidance inherently flawed, but the agency has not provided the opportunity for public comment or input, nor have they shared any of their analysis or assumptions on which they based their model. 
emerging government price regulation and fee setting in the financial services 
industry. We have always, as a part of our financial regulation, tried not to set price by regulatory directive. Instead, we have operated on a consumer disclosure and consumer education model. 
this guidance does. It is softer and more delicate in its language, but it clearly is leading towards price regulation. 
among community banks. It has been cut in half over the past few years. One reason for that, one key reason for that, is the inability of a consumer bank to price for risk. 
Today’s legislation is not about discrimination. It is about giving access to credit to people who need it and giving access to credit to them in the right way, particularly those families with limited resources. 
hands. It merely gives the public an opportunity to comment on the Bureau’s 
Whether it is in a rural area or an 
urban area, this pernicious expansion of price regulation in financial services by the Federal Government will have a negative effect on credit allocation in our communities. 
Ranking Member, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
MEMBER WATERS : On behalf of the more than 
6,000 community banks represented by ICBA, I write to thank you for scheduling a markup for July 28 on important regulatory reform bills. We are particularly pleased that a number of the bills scheduled for markup reflect community bank regulatory relief advanced in ICBA’s Plan for Prosperity. We strongly encourage all committee members to vote YES on the bills noted below: 
The Financial Institution Customer Protection Act (H.R. 766). Sponsored by Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer, H.R. 766 is designed to curtail the abuses of Operation Choke Point. The bill would prohibit the federal banking agencies from suggesting, requesting, or ordering a bank to terminate a customer relationship unless the regulator put the order in writing and specified a material reason for the action, among other provisions. 
The Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act (H.R. 1210). Sponsored by Rep. Andy Barr, H.R. 1210 would provide that any residential mortgage held in portfolio by the originator is a ‘‘qualified mortgage’’ for the purposes of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s ‘‘ability to repay’’ rule. H.R. 1210 will help preserve access to credit for customers of community banks and other lenders. 
2015 (H.R. 1553). Sponsored by Rep. Scott Tipton, H.R. 1553 would allow a highly rated community bank with assets of less than $1 billion to use an 18 month exam cycle. ICBA supports a 24 month exam cycle for highly rated community banks. Because examiners have more than sufficient information to monitor a community bank from offsite, we believe that this change would not compromise supervision, and would actually increase safety and soundness by allowing examiners to focus their limited resources on the true sources of risk. 
The Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act (H.R. 1737). Sponsored by Rep. Frank Guinta, H.R. 1737 would effectively nullify the CFPB’s guidance on indirect auto lending. In proposing and issuing guidance primarily related to indirect auto financing, the CFPB would be required to provide for a public notice and comment period, make available all studies, data, and other information on which the guidance is based, and meet other requirements intended to ensure the process is open, transparent, and responsive to public input. The CFPB would also be required to consult with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Department of Justice. ICBA suggests strengthening H.R. 1737 by requiring the CFPB to also consult with the Federal banking regulators, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. 
Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act (H.R. 1941). Sponsored by Reps. Lynn Westmoreland and Carolyn Maloney, H.R. 1941 would go a long way toward improving the oppressive examination environment that many community banks experience during and following an economic downturn. 
would create an Office of Independent Examination Review within the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council and give financial institutions a right to an expedited, independent review of an adverse examination determination before the Office’s Director or before an independent administrative law judge. 
1941 that would create more consistent and commonsense criteria for loan classifications and capital determinations. Establishing conservative, brightline criteria will allow lenders to modify loans, as appropriate, without fear of being penalized. If these standards become law, they will give bankers the flexibility to work with struggling but viable borrowers and help them maintain the capital they need to support their communities. 
3192). Sponsored by Rep. French Hill, H.R. 3192 would provide a critical safe harbor from enforcement actions for compliance errors arising from the implementation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s Truth in Lending Act/Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act Integrated Disclosures, provided the lender has acted in good faith to implement and comply with new regulations. Without this safe harbor, consumer mortgage closings are likely to be delayed due to the enormous complexity of the new rules and fear of excessive enforcement actions for minor errors. 
would provide significant regulatory relief for community banks to the benefit of the customers and communities they serve. We will continue to press lawmakers to enact these sensible regulatory relief measures into law. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. SARBANES ), a true champion for consumers. 
The title of this legislation, the Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act, is misleading. The legislation is not about ‘‘reforming’’ the guidance of the CFPB. It is about erasing and undermining CFPB’s guidance altogether and suspending the Bureau’s good work when it comes to monitoring and identifying discrimination in auto lending. Both the CFPB and the Department of Justice have found repeatedly that dealer discretion in determining the interest rates on auto loans leads to systemic discrimination against minority borrowers. 
Supporters have argued that this legislation would bring clarity and transparency to the auto loan market, but we must ask ourselves: Clarity and 
transparency for whom? It sure doesn’t bring transparency for the American public when it comes to auto dealers who have been found to have been targeting minority communities with discretionary interest rate markups, increasing the carrying costs of car ownership for individuals who too often cannot afford the increased financial burden. 
in such practices, and we must be careful in painting with a broad brush. In fact, I believe the CFPB’s guidance is a useful tool to protect the reputation of auto dealers who do the right thing by their customers—many of whom are leaders in their communities—against the predatory practices of a select few who tarnish the industry. 
We should have clarity and transparency—clarity and transparency in how interest rates are determined so as to prevent discriminatory lending practices—but let the CFPB do its job, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
Wall Street, the lenders, the mortgage companies, the big banks blew up our economy in 2009. They were exploiting a lot of consumers across the country. We set up the CFPB to protect financial consumers across the country. Let the CFPB do the job that it was given, which it is doing very well. 
1737 and support the CFPB’s ongoing work on behalf of American consumers. 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on both sides. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). 
Mr. Chairman, I stand in strong support of H.R. 1737, and I will tell you why. It is because it is what I have done and what my family has done for almost 60 years. We are a thirdgeneration automobile dealer. 
I can tell you that it is a people business, not a White person business, not a Black person business, not a Brown person business, not a Red person business, or a Yellow person business. It is a business that is done facetoface. I have sat across the desk from many people, lower income people, who cannot afford to get a car because they don’t have the ability to negotiate the auto loan. 
by people who have never done what we have done who have somehow decided that we are racist and that we are overcharging people. We are doing exactly the opposite, and you are doing exactly the opposite. You are discriminating against the very people who need our help to buy cars. We negotiate the deal 
So to stand here today and think that somehow this is racist—if I were a person of color, I would be offended that you would even begin to suggest that I do not understand how to negotiate and that I do not understand who to trust and who not to trust. 
over 150,000 cars. You don’t do that by cheating people. You don’t do that by being a racist. You don’t do that by discriminating against people. You do that by working with people. It is stunning in this House—America’s House— that we would reduce this down to an issue of color and not of cooperation. The ability to get these people transportation—private transportation— falls on the shoulders of those who are the dealers. We negotiate in their best interest. 
we are these predators who are just taking advantage of these poor people who don’t have any financial literacy. That, my friends, ultimately, is the biggest insult you could give people of color or people of gender. It is absolutely incredible to me that we would bring it to this issue. 
please learn about it. I don’t have to have a book of talking points in order to talk about what we have done our whole life. 
and in strong support of common sense and the American way. 
The Acting CHAIR. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. Chairman and Members, no one on this side of the aisle mentioned the word ‘‘racist.’’ It is only coming out of the mouths of the people on the opposite side of the aisle. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. I thank the gentlewoman from California, my ranking member. I appreciate the emotionally charged conversation that we are having here on the House floor today. 
In the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, there are two basic principles among the others that are noted. One is that no one shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. The other one is that no one shall be denied equal protection under the laws of the United States of America. 
two principles today. One is that there is the potential for the disparate treatment of people—discrimination—which all of us abhor and that we want to see rooted out by root and branch. The other is that, before you do a major policy in this country, there is always notice and an opportunity to be heard. That is where the collision comes in today. The Consumer Financial Protection 
Bureau issued a bulletin without, really, notice and an opportunity to be heard to determine whether or not there was disparate treatment or whether methodologies that indicate there is are accurate. In fact, what we have seen is, 4 out of 10 times, it can be inaccurate based on this bulletin. 
as it has raised, asks the CFPB to go back and check what they have done. At no time is there any limitation to CFPB’s or to the Department of Justice’s rights under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act to go after discriminating individuals, to go after bad actors. 
while they are looking at their bulletin again, if they see evidence of discrimination, they refer it to the Justice Department and that it be condemned loudly and roundly. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman and Members, this discussion today has been about discrimination. This discussion today is about the very powerful automobile dealers who come to the Congress of the United States and use their considerable influence to get the Members of Congress to get rid of a guidance that was put together by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
They don’t want the guidance because they don’t want to be guided in how not to discriminate. They have gotten away for years with markups, and they have gotten away for years with targeting certain communities. For those who say that this has not happened, you are absolutely wrong. Minority communities, poor communities are targeted by every scheme and every fraudulent operation that you can think of. 
markup that causes minorities to pay more for automobiles or payday loans or whether we are talking about these private, postsecondary ripoff schools, communities of color are not only targeted in these ways, but we discovered in the 2008 subprime meltdown that communities have been targeted and that minorities who have the same credit ratings as others who are given loans—minorities who pay their bills— were charged more in interest rates for their mortgages than others. 
making up. The people on the opposite side of the aisle will have you believe they are working in the best interest of these minorities who continue to be ripped off. I don’t have to say much, if anything, to prove that that is not true. Just take a look at who is supporting them. We are supported by the NAACP, the National Council of La Raza, the National Association of Minority Auto Dealers, the Center for Responsible Lending, the National Consumer Law Center, the Center for 
Working Families, the Consumers Union. There are 67 consumer organizations who are sick and tired of seeing minorities being ripped off. 
say we are not pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps, that we are not doing enough. Why do you think a wealth gap exists? It exists because these fraudulent schemes are supported by people like those on the other side of the aisle. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ranking member talks about discrimination, but she didn’t seem to talk about the discrimination coming out of the CFPB. She knows good and well, Mr. Chairman, that we have had witness after witness not come up with junk science about some disparate impact methodology that is proven wrong, but we have had actual witnesses come and talk about discrimination at the CFPB, which, apparently, the other side is now holding up as a paragon of virtue to enforce our civil rights laws. 
come and say, at the CFPB, minorities are underrepresented in upper pay bands. The inspector general says minority applicants are not hired in proportion to qualifications. The inspector general says minority employees receive lower performance ratings. We have had one division of the CFPB that employees refer to as the ‘‘plantation.’’ This is in the 21st century? Now the ranking member wants to hold up the CFPB as some paragon of virtue because they use junk science—a methodology they admit themselves overrepresents minority populations? 
This is about due process, Mr. Chairman, due process for every American. We can’t have some rogue agency putting out guidance and not allowing any public comment. We cannot allow this agency, regardless of what its motivations may be, to ultimately take away the credit opportunities of hardworking Americans who are trying to get ahead. We cannot let this rogue agency increase prices. 
It is time for us to support the legislation. I encourage all Members to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I join many of my 
Democratic colleagues, as well as the NAACP, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the National Council of La Raza, the National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers, and many other civil rights groups, in opposing H.R. 1737, the Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act, a bill that would significantly diminish the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) ability to protect consumers 
market and give auto dealers a leg up in charging higher interest rates, and, as studies have shown, in discrimination. In 2013, the CFPB issued guidance that was aimed at combatting these biases in the auto lending industry—because of a practice used by car dealers known as ‘‘markups,’’ people of color were paying more for car loans than their white counterparts with similar or identical credit histories. 
As the former chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, I am dismayed by the practice of ‘‘markups,’’ which allows discriminatory car dealers, who get a cut of the additional charges and fees that markups provide, to profit from their bad behavior. The CFPB has done important work toward eradicating discriminatory lending practices. I oppose this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Financial Protection (published March 21, 2013) shall have no force or effect. 
of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Department of Justice; and 
to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–340. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–340. 
House Resolution 526, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer a commonsense amendment to H.R. 1737. 
any costs or potential impacts to any and all veteranowned businesses are considered and included in the study required by this bill for any future auto financing guidance that may be put forth by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
SBA utilizes for setaside government contracts are womenowned, minority owned, and veteranowned businesses. The base bill requires a report that would include any cost or impacts associated with new guidance for minorityowned businesses and womenowned businesses. 
only makes common sense, then, to also consider any costs or implications for our Nation’s heroes and veteran owned businesses that may arise from any future guidance being considered. 
face tough challenges finding work when they return from service. In recent years, veterans’ unemployment numbers have been some of the highest in the country and, at times, have been in double digits. Earlier this year, post 9/11 veterans faced unemployment numbers north of 7.2 percent. We shouldn’t let any potential future guidance from an already rogue agency created under DoddFrank exacerbate employment hurdles for our Nation’s veterans. 
Veterans Day and the patriotic service that so many men and women have given to this great Nation. We have asked these heroes to risk their lives for this country, and many of our veterans have answered that call time and time again, including multiple tours overseas. Most veterans return from service seeking not only to reintegrate and establish normal lives, but to continue serving their country by contributing to the workforce, finding jobs, and even creating jobs for others by starting small businesses. 
and will help ensure veteranowned businesses are not harmed by any future auto financing guidance put forth by CFPB. 
amendment. I thank the chairman for his support and also for bringing forth this commonsense bill that rejects this misguided guidance. I also applaud the chairman and committee for everything they do to advocate for small businesses and job creators throughout the country. 
our veterans and the businesses they own by voting in favor of my commonsense amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment compounds one of the underlying problems that I have expressed in my opposition to H.R. 1737. 
one of Congress’ most vocal supporters of minorityowned businesses, further expanding an already unnecessary cost benefit study concerning the impacts of nonbinding policy guidance is unproductive and only increases the likelihood that future guidance designed to actually help lenders comply with the law is further delayed or never issued. 
you to understand what is being said by the opposite side of the aisle. They basically are saying: Help me to look out for our veterans and make sure that they don’t have any guidance that would impede their ability to do business. Well, I mean, that is kind of a madeup problem. 
is happening by the attempt to throw veterans into this is to get Members thinking ‘‘perhaps I want to support this amendment because I don’t want to be thought of as not supporting veterans.’’ When you talk about costbenefit analysis and studies, what you are talking about is: How do I tie up the agency? How do I create impediments to the agency being able to do its job. 
many ways. We support them in their quest to do business, and we have laws on the books that will help them to successfully get into business. We support them in housing. We support them with better health care. 
I don’t want any Members of Congress to think somehow this kind of madeup amendment is something that really they should be supporting if they want to help veterans. This is simply a way by which to get you to do something, making you think you are supporting veterans and thinking you cannot oppose it. 
and it gets in the way of good guidance coming out of the Consumer Financial 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. I can’t believe, Mr. 
Chairman, what I just heard. I just can’t believe it. I hope that veterans who are watching C–SPAN today are listening carefully, listening very carefully about this amendment. 
the veterans were left out, and we just want to make sure that our veterans are included in any study that CFPB would go forward with. 
That is sad. That is sad. When we talk about the Veterans Administration being so pristine, when we look at their healthcare system, it is 50 percent worse than it was a year ago. Many of the veterans that I have in rural Arizona are struggling to find anybody that will even hear from them. 
So I actually would ask my colleagues to vote for this amendment. It is pretty straightforward. I think America gets it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ). 
America are wondering why it is so difficult to get something done on a bipartisan basis, traditionally, the least controversial thing we do here is study something. What is even less controversial is coming together on behalf of our veterans, yet we have the ranking member of this committee opposing both. I hope the American people are watching closely. 
Again, I think this is a very commonsense, modest amendment by the gentleman from Arizona. I encourage all Members to vote for it. 
again, I ask all Members to vote for this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. BYRNE ). The 
question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–340. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 4, line 12, strike the first period and 
insert ‘‘, including consumers and small businesses in rural areas.’’. 
House Resolution 526, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S MITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, the American people have been misled. They were incorrectly told that DoddFrank was meant to go after big banks and Wall Street. However, in my rural congressional district, the effects of this law and its close to 500 regulations have been devastating. 
Frankbased regulations has eclipsed $35 billion and over 60 million hours of paperwork burdens. That is the equivalent of 30,000 employees a year dedicated solely to regulatory paperwork. A new army of regulators aren’t the kind of jobs that Americans were promised. 
The biggest and most costly regulation to come out of DoddFrank is the deceptively named Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an unconstitutional, uncontrollable, and unaccountable agency whose total negative impact on our economy won’t be known for decades. 
consumers from the predatory practices of financial institutions. Instead, it has limited Americans’ access to credit, the ability to be financially independent, and impeded the availability of homes and, in this case, cars. The CFPB achieved this by hiring big, spending big, and regulating big. 
in 2011 but now has close to 2,000 employees. In that same period, its annual spending grew from $10 million to, now, $600 million. The safest place to find a job in this government economy is with a Federal financial regulator. In the last 5 years, those regulators have seen a 16 percent increase in job growth. 
and guidance in its pipeline just ready to roll out and crush rural America. That is why this amendment is so important. 
In the endless search for a job in this 
economy, many Americans are forced to migrate to urban areas. In 2013, over half of all the rural counties in the United States actually shrank in population. In 2014, according to the Department of Labor, rural counties lost 330,000 jobs, while metropolitan counties gained over 3 million jobs. The last thing Washington should be doing is authoring regulations which further enable this trend. 
amendment, we are telling the CFPB that, when you issue regulations like this, in addition to analyzing the impact on womenowned, minority owned, and small businesses, you must also take a look at those regulations’ impact on rural businesses and rural consumers. 
it would go a long way to providing some clarity for the folks of Missouri’s Eighth Congressional District and all 
of those Americans living in rural communities across the Nation. While 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue might be looking at ways to make their life harder, this body, this Chamber, will continue to fight to make sure the Federal Government stays out of their way. 
New Hampshire for introducing this legislation. Burdensome regulation is a problem that hits rural America the hardest. I urge adoption of the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
opposition to this bill because it is simply another study, another cost to government, another unnecessary cost. 
While my friends on the opposite side of the aisle always claim that they are reducing the cost of government, these studies do very little. 
study, some of these Members who represent rural areas ought to become real advocates for their constituencies. They charge many of us as being advocates for health care, education, housing, and transportation, all of which they lack in their communities, but you never see them fighting for it. If it were not for some of us who are out there demanding better health care, better transportation systems, better education, and fighting for those who get ripped off by these fraudulent businesses every day, they wouldn’t have any protection because they send too many Members to Congress who mislead them on other kinds of issues, but when it comes to their economics, you cannot find them anywhere. 
another cost to government, why don’t they become real advocates for their constituency? Why is it that we don’t have transportation systems in rural communities? Why is it they have to travel miles for health care? It is because they have Representatives whom they send to Congress who are really not representing their real interests. They may get their colleagues to vote for yet another study because they don’t do anything that is real and substantive for their communities. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–340. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk listed as Sewell Amendment No. 3. 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
apply to guidance issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection that is not primarily related to indirect auto financing. 
House Resolution 526, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) and a 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 1737. 
and straightforward amendment. It simply states that nothing in this bill shall be construed to apply to guidance issued by the CFPB that is not primarily related to indirect auto financing. 
ensure that the underlying bill in no way prohibits, disrupts, or affects the enforcement of other fair lending laws or guidance that protects millions of Americans from unfair or discriminatory lending practices. 
The underlying bill, H.R. 1737, provides the CFPB with criteria to consider when issuing further guidance on indirect auto lending. While I agree that the CFPB should reevaluate its recent guidance, we should also ensure that the scope of this legislation stays narrow and applies only to indirect auto financing. 
efforts to protect consumers from discriminatory lending practices. We can all agree that no one supports or should condone abusive or discriminatory practices in auto lending or in any area of the marketplace. However, it is our job as Members of Congress to offer guidance and constructive critique to our regulatory agencies to enforce and ensure that regulations are pragmatic and workable. 
simply clarifies that the other valuable tools possessed by the CFPB are not infringed upon and ensures that there is no room for ambiguity. The CFPB plays a critical role in protecting consumers and buyers. My amendment helps ensure that laws like the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and other fair lending laws are not inadvertently or directly affected by this bill. 
Bureau continues to play this role while hardworking Americans continue to have access to the necessary credit to purchase any central mode of transportation. I urge support of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. SMITH of Missouri). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
the gentlewoman from Alabama is a valued member of the Committee on Financial Services. The absolute worst thing I could say about her amendment is it might be redundant. Hopefully it is. But if it is not, we want to simply clarify, again, that the underlying bill from the gentleman from New Hampshire only deals with this auto finance guidance. 
Again, absolutely nothing in the underlying bill to H.R. 1737 in any way, shape, or form affects the CFPB’s ability to enforce the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. If this clarification is needed, I am happy that the gentlewoman is offering it, and I would urge its adoption. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. WATERS ), the ranking member of the committee. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time. 
redundant, but that is okay. It reinforces basically what we have been talking about in relationship to 1737. 
I will just take a moment to say how 
proud I am of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, how proud I am of Mr. Cordray, how pleased I am that this is the centerpiece of the Dodd Frank reform, how pleased I am that we now have an agency that is looking out for consumers. 
Prior to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, our regulatory agency said their job was for safety and soundness. They forgot about the consumers; they were dropped off the agenda. 
Protection Bureau that is challenging the practices of many who claim they are in legitimate businesses. They are challenging them. They are saying to them: No longer can you rip off our consumers. No longer can you target minorities. No longer can you have discriminatory practices. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member, Congresswoman WATERS , for 
her diligence on this committee. She serves as a model for all of us in her vigor and fervor for making sure that we are not discriminating against average Americans. All of us agree that nothing we do should be about discriminating or adding to the effects of 
I ask for support of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending, and, pursuant to House Resolution 526, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 529, I call up the bill (H.R. 1210) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institution’s portfolio, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 529, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–34 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’. 
Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the loan, held the loan on the balance sheet of the creditor; and 
institution and has informed the mortgage originator that the creditor intends to hold the loan on the balance sheet of the creditor for the life of the loan; and 
‘Federal banking agencies’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H ENSARLING ) 
and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, a bill approved by the Committee on Financial Services, which I chair, on a bipartisan vote of 38–18. 
from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), an outstanding member of our committee, for his leadership in finding simple ways to allow aspiring home buyers across the Nation to obtain mortgages more easily, absent the onerous regulations that are presently being applied so that they can qualify a mortgage through market competition. 
and credit unions should be free to originate mortgages as long as they keep them on their books, as long as they keep the risk. This is responsible lending, Mr. Speaker, and it helps more qualified borrowers obtain mortgages so that perhaps they can get their piece of the American Dream. 
H.R. 1210, again, does this by allowing lenders, particularly hometown community banks and credit unions, to treat mortgages held on their balance sheets as ‘‘qualified mortgages’’ for purposes of the CFPB’s mortgage lending rules. 
made significant changes to our mortgage lending marketplace. One specific provision in section 1411 of DoddFrank requires mortgage lenders to determine at the time a loan is made that the borrower has a reasonable ability to repay it. The ability to repay requirements are intended to ensure a lender takes into account the borrower’s capacity to actually repay the loan. 
legal safe harbor for compliance with the ability to repay rule for lenders who issue socalled qualified mortgages, or QMs. 
that loans that are held by a lender should be regulated differently than loans that are originated and then sold to a third party. They have completely different characteristics. 
their own books in their own portfolio assume all—all—of the exposure of risk to nonperformance and default. Lending 101 tells us that when the borrower is unable to repay the loan, the bank that made the loan, if it keeps it on its books, is the one that is going to lose the money and any future profit that would be derived from the loan. 
Portfolio lenders with poor underwriting thus will not stay in business very long. In this sense, mortgages that are held in portfolio are already prudently regulated by market discipline. Yet without a safe harbor from the threat of litigation, which H.R. 1210 would provide, lenders will not make loans to otherwise creditworthy individuals. 
and credit unions every day. If they don’t meet the QM standards, the loans simply aren’t going to get made as a practical matter. 
So let me stress, the CFPB’s restrictions on mortgage lending will have a disproportionate impact on low and moderateincome home buyers, especially those from rural and certain urban areas. 
within a few years under this QM rule, roughly onethird of Black and Hispanic borrowers may find themselves disqualified from obtaining a mortgage because of the qualified mortgage rule. This is based simply on a rigid debtto income requirement. 
A recent survey tells us that 73 percent of community bankers have actually decreased their mortgage business or completely stopped, Mr. Speaker, completely stopped their mortgage business or providing mortgage loans due to the expense of complying with the QM, qualified mortgage, regulatory burden. That is why a lot of community banks and credit unions across the country say that QM doesn’t stand for ‘‘qualified mortgage’’; it stands for ‘‘quitting mortgages.’’ 
or unelected and unaccountable Washington regulators to decide who gets a mortgage and who does not or to force community banks and credit unions to function like regulated utilities, issuing only plain vanilla mortgages, rubberstamped in Washington for select groups. 
Now, opponents of this bill will attempt to derail it in branding it some kind of gift to Wall Street. Let me be clear. H.R. 1210 is a gift to home buyers, all home buyers looking for a more transparent and competitive market. 
on the books, the size of the institution does not matter. A loan held in portfolio will carry the exact same amount of risk and profit regardless of the size of the bank that holds it. 
before us recognizes that the most effective way to ensure a borrower has the ability to repay is not onesizefits all, topdown regulation from Washington. 
Let’s, again, remember that the financial crisis was primarily caused by misguided Washington policies helping put people into homes they could not afford to keep, hurting underwriting standards. Portfolio lending did not cause the crisis. 
the legislation of the gentleman from Kentucky. Support the American Dream. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1210. Today we are again wasting time on the floor discussing a bill that President Obama has already pledged to veto because it would undermine important financial reforms and put consumers and the economy at risk. 
in the same kind of risky loans that sank Washington Mutual, Wachovia, Countrywide, and eventually the entire economy in 2008. The bill undermines the antipredatory lending provisions of the DoddFrank Act and virtually eliminates one of the most significant consumer protection rules implemented by the CFPB. 
practice under which mortgage brokers can earn hefty bonuses by steering borrowers into riskier, more expensive loans regardless of whether they qualify for better rates. My colleagues seem to forget that we went through a terrible financial crisis. 
While we did spend hundreds of billions of dollars to rescue the banking system, millions of victims of predatory lending were left to fend for themselves as they were displaced from their homes and saw their life savings disappear. 
ensure that the financial industry will never again be allowed to take the kinds of risks that drove us to national crisis, but the mortgage lending rules are designed specifically to protect families from financial crisis. 
they held loans on their books or sold them off to investors, were able to profit from loans they knew borrowers could not repay. Rather than perform careful underwriting, many banks demanded high upfront fees and relied on rising home prices and private mortgage insurance to protect them from losses when borrowers inevitably defaulted. 
Banks also targeted families in financial trouble that owned their homes free and clear, offering them cashouts, refinancing with high origination fees and unaffordable terms. 
of subprime lending in the 3 years before the crisis and ended up sapping the life savings from many families who relied on these products to pay for unexpected medical bills or financial hardships. 
found that lenders specifically targeted, again, minorities with predatory loans, destroying a generation’s worth of wealth in many communities of color. 
illegal to pay bonuses to brokers for steering borrowers into loans with bad terms. CFPB rules establish sensible 
underwriting standards so lenders are incentivized to design products that perform over the long run and make sense for consumers. 
riskier loans with higher fees, they are allowed to do so, but the consumer will have extra protections if the loan goes bad. These include the right to sue for financial harm and a defense against foreclosure. 
by protecting consumers while still allowing them access to credit and ensuring the economy can grow. These are exactly the types of regulations we should want from our regulators, and the CFPB should be commended for its success. 
the DoddFrank Act and the CFPB have been bad for the economy. During the last Republican Presidential debate, a rightwing group aired a commercial painting the CFPB as a communist bureaucracy and claiming the CFPB staff were responsible for denying loans to consumers. The facts show a much different picture. 
Journal recently reported that industry analysts and experts agree that compliance costs aren’t the greatest challenge facing community banks. The same article notes that loan balances at community banks grew twice as fast as their large counterparts over the last year and that their profitability is much closer to larger banks than it was prior to the passage of the DoddFrank Act. 
recently revised their expectations for 2016 and 2017 to expect even more growth in housing credits. And this week, at the National Association of Realtors’ annual conference, industry economists pointed to a strong housing market, with high prospects for continued growth. 
that DoddFrank and the CFPB are not the problem. They are the solution. 
seconds to say I am fascinated to hear the specter of discrimination continually waved by the other side, yet the Federal Reserve says, when the qualified mortgage rule is fully implemented, fully onethird of all Blacks and Hispanics won’t be able to qualify for a mortgage. Yet we hear silence from the other side. 
because so many of my friends on the other side of the aisle wanted to roll the dice on socalled affordable housing goals of Fannie and Freddie. It turned out to be the largest bailout in American history. 
loans, here is an idea: Let’s not bail them out with taxpayers’ money, but give everybody a fair shot at home ownership. That means, if a bank makes the loan, they hold it on their 
books. Let them keep it. Let it be a qualified mortgage. 
from Texas, the chairman of our committee, for his leadership and support of this legislation. 
both the interests of the individual and the broader national interests. In this case, it is in the interest of the borrower to have an affordable, rightsized mortgage. It is also in the interest of the Nation to have a sound financial system safe from the excesses that led to the crisis in 2008. It is possible to satisfy both objectives, but it will require the Federal Government to acknowledge that changes must be made to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s interpretation of the Dodd Frank law. 
DoddFrank are designed to ensure that a lender takes into account the borrower’s ability to repay a loan. Simple enough. But the CFPB has implemented the ability to pay rule provision by promulgating a onesizefits all, topdown, Washingtondirected qualified mortgage rule. 
Under the CFPB’s approach, mortgages have been made safer by effectively making them unavailable to a substantial number of wouldbe home buyers. According to the Federal Reserve, 22 percent of those who borrowed to buy a home in 2010—one out of every five borrowers—would not have met the underwriting requirements for a qualified mortgage. 
There is no debating that for the benefit of a mortgage borrower or his or her lender and the financial system, a borrower should have a demonstrable ability to repay that loan. The only question is who is in the better position to determine whether that borrower is able to repay the loan. Is it a Washington bureaucrat without any relationship with the borrower, or is it a lender with a full view of the customer’s finances and a bank or credit union that must bear 100 percent of the downside risk of default? 
by taking sides with the Washington bureaucrats. The result has been a housing market struggling to recover as a result of scarce mortgage credit, impacting job creation and affordable housing, and the loss of the consolidation of community banks and credit unions. 
H.R. 1210, the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, is the solution. This legislation would treat mortgages held on the balance sheets of financial institutions as qualified mortgages for purposes of the Bureau’s mortgage lending rules. 
of the risk of the loans held on portfolio, they have a strong incentive to 
policy would drive private sector risk retention—a goal of the DoddFrank Act itself—and mark a return to relationship lending where a bank or credit union can tailor products to a customer’s needs and credit risk without running afoul of the onesizefitsall government requirements. 
been disproportionately impacted by these rules. It is no coincidence that Harvard researchers have found that, since DoddFrank’s passage, community banks have lost market share at a rate double that experienced prior to DoddFrank’s passage in 2006 to 2010, a period including the entirety of the financial crisis. 
By bearing the risk, financial institutions have every incentive to make sure that the borrower can afford to repay that loan. And no less than Chairman Barney Frank endorsed this concept at a hearing before the Financial Services Committee last year, saying he would like the main safeguard against bad loans to be risk retention because that leaves the decision in the hands of whoever is making the loan. 
point in its own rulemaking where it recognized that portfolio lenders have a strong incentive to carefully consider whether a consumer will be able to repay a portfolio loan, at least, in part, because the small creditor retains the risk of default. 
viable alternative to the originateto distribute mortgage lending model that contributed to the bubble in residential real estate and massive taxpayer bailouts. Indeed, this legislation embraces an approach that more effectively ensures that borrowers have the ability to repay than the CFPB’s restrictive rule. The result will be expanded access to mortgage credit without additional risk to the financial system or the taxpayer. 
member talks about putting taxpayers at risk again. But the cause of the financial crisis was not portfolio lending by community banks and credit unions; it was government policy: Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac buying billions of subprime, improperly underwritten mortgages. 
the qualified mortgage rule, continues to do this day. My bill offers an alternative to this risky practice of incentivizing origination without underwriting and distribution to taxpayerbacked GSEs. This is particularly important because the commonsense bill that is before the Congress recognizes that the most effective way to ensure that a borrower has an ability to repay is not onesizefitsall Washington mandates. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
the most effective way to ensure that a borrower has the ability to repay is to 
restore the traditional relationship banking that ensures that financial institutions bear the downside risks associated with their business decisions. 
American Bankers Association, the Independent Community Bankers of America, the Credit Union National Association, the National Association of Federal Credit Unions, the National Association of Home Builders, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
of the economy, and the lack of available mortgage credit is impacting our recovery. I encourage my colleagues to join me to expand access to mortgage financing and support economic growth. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
heard that these bankers have the ability to understand and know whether or not the consumers have the ability to repay. That is what they told us before 2008. Unfortunately, they are the same ones now that are telling us that they can determine ability to repay. They didn’t do it then, and they won’t do it in the future. 
of my colleague and classmate Mr. BARR in attempting to address this 
issue. I appreciate the impact that the qualified mortgage rule has had in terms of mortgage lending for consumers and access to credit. It is especially true for our local and community bankers who have longtime personal relationships with individuals and families. It is these types of relationships that we need to encourage: the personal knowledge of people that banks and financial institutions lend to. 
bill intended to increase access for consumers that are just shy of the strict qualified mortgage standards, and I support the policy of allowing otherwise nonQMcompliant individuals having access to qualified mortgage products if lenders are willing to keep the loans on their books. 
among others, is that it does not explicitly disallow the exotic mortgage products that were so much a part of the housing crisis. 
could improve this legislation in terms of how we allow safe borrower protections for banks and mortgage originators. I do think we should focus on consumer protection and allow nonQM loans to be nonQM only in terms of the borrower—those individuals that fall just outside QM standards—and not open up to nonQM products, particularly because this is not applicable only to those small community banks 
or credit unions that we are so familiar with, but to all institutions. 
Portfolio lending is an important opportunity to find bipartisan agreement. I hope we can continue to work on this. 
was included in the amendment that I offered that the Rules Committee did not make in order—is that I would have preferred that the legislation require that the institutions making loans under this title collect data on how these loans are being made and how they are performing, and get us the information to determine whether or not the effect that we are trying to create with this sort of approach is actually being met or if, in fact, it is not. 
and colleague. I wish I could work with him if, in fact, this moves forward in a way that it is open to suggestion. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), the distinguished chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee of our committee. 
Imagine a single mom moving out of a trailer. She has had some tragedy in life. She has got two kids that are watching very, very closely, though, what she is doing and how she is handling it. 
that I took in being able to get her into her own home, the first thing that she had felt like was truly hers and something that her kids could be proud of. 
we are trying to promote, I would think, as a country. Unfortunately, with the rules that have been promulgated under this qualified mortgage rule, lenders determine a borrower’s ability to repay using, really, an arbitrary standard set by a formula. 
They don’t look at the background. They don’t look at the history of that person because it is outside the formula. If a lender does not adhere to this bureaucratically established formula, a borrower can actually sue the lender. 
This has caused 73 percent of community bankers, those who know their customers best, to cut back their mortgage business or simply stop providing mortgages altogether. That is the worstcase scenario. 
Access Act removes bureaucrats from the equation and allows lenders to work directly with borrowers to provide them with loans that they can afford. That is a key element here: loans that they can afford. 
loan. Let me repeat that. The lender retains the full risk of those loans. If they didn’t think that that borrower could pay back the loan, they would not lend it to them. 
Now, in my mind, that is the definition of what a qualified mortgage test really ought to be. So this bill is going to allow those mortgage lenders to extend and cover those loans and really offer those services to those people who are looking for that. 
I have heard on the other side of the 
aisle a claim, as the White House did in its veto threat, that this bill would ‘‘open the door to risky lending by undermining consumer protections under the rule and expanding the amount of loans that would be exempt from it.’’ 
Kentucky, portfolio loans had nothing to do with the financial crisis that we went through. 
and Freddie Mac and insured by the Federal Housing Administration, which make up the vast majority of the market, are already exempt under the QM rule. 
Who exactly are we maybe not servicing the way that this Congress ought to be servicing and ought to be advocating for? 
incentivized predatory and subprime lending, and, because those loans would be readily securitized, moved off of their books, they no longer had any responsibility. All they had to do was meet kind of a blush of a requirement, and they could move it right on off of their books. 
I can tell you this: as a former realtor, I understand that nobody has a greater incentive to ensure that a borrower can repay their loan. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W ATERS . 
1210. During the financial crisis of 2008, predatory subprime lending was far too prevalent and underwriting standards were not adequately adhered to by lenders. 
DoddFrank Act created a new set of mortgage underwriting rules. These qualified mortgage rules are critically important to helping ensure that all American consumers are protected against harmful mortgage products and abusive lending practices. These commonsense rules now require a lender to make a good faith effort to determine that a borrower has the ability to repay a mortgage. 
critically important and special provisions and exemptions that are available only to small lenders and to lenders that operate predominantly in rural and underserved areas, exceptions that are critically important for districts like mine. 
banks make risky loans, like interest only, or adjustable mortgage loans, consumers can hold them accountable if those mortgages go bad. Lenders are also responsible for accurately researching and documenting borrowers’ incomes and their ability to repay. 
H.R. 1210 would undermine these critically important consumer protections by exempting all depository financial institutions, large and small, from QM standards as long as the mortgage loans in question are held in portfolios by those institutions. 
broaden the qualified mortgages to include all mortgages held on a lender’s balance sheet. 
Under the bill, depository institutions that hold a loan in portfolios could arguably receive legal safe harbor, even if the loan contains terms and features that are abusive and harmful to consumers. 
rights of borrowers to hold harmful those banks that do bad practices. 
law is perfect. We must work together to strike a delicate balance and ensure that regulations are pragmatic and workable without placing undue harm on financial institutions that provide critically important access to capital for potential homebuyers. 
Home ownership remains an important goal for most Americans and one of the most traditional gateways to the middle class. However, the financial crisis of 2008 reminds us that we must have in place sensible safeguards to protect consumers against harmful mortgage products. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
from Kentucky, the sponsor of this legislation, for leading on this important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, for many western Pennsylvanians, home ownership is a significant aspect of realizing the American Dream. Moving from paying rent to owning a home is an investment in the future for these families and an investment in their local communities. 
being threatened unnecessarily by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s qualified mortgage rule, or QM. The QM rule is a Washingtonknows best approach to mortgages that is hampering access to home loans across this country and hurting potential homebuyers and their communities. As with many complicated and one 
sizefitsall regulations, the QM rule has brought substantial unintended consequences. The rule’s strict arbitrary standards have made it more difficult for many deserving consumers to get a mortgage and, as a result, has stalled muchneeded investment in distressed and recovering communities. 
tomoderateincome borrowers now do not qualify for a mortgage based on the rule’s 43 percent debttoincome ratio requirement. In fact, according to the Federal Reserve, 22 percent of those who borrowed to buy a home in 2010, after the financial crisis, 1 out of every 5 borrowers would not have met this requirement. 
everyday people we are talking about. These are the people we are fighting for today. 
credit unions that have longstanding relationships with these everyday people, and they are in the best position to judge creditworthiness and ability to repay. 
that opportunity away from these community institutions and subjects them to an increased potential liability should they ever decide to stray outside the regulation. This is why, as the American Banker and others have put it well, for community financial institutions, QM means quitting mortgages. 
Thankfully, Mr. Speaker, this commonsense legislation that we are considering today offers a real opportunity to change this. In short, the bill provides a very reasonable tradeoff for financial institutions. 
a mortgage in portfolio and retain the risk of default on its balance sheet, the institution receives the legal protections that are otherwise afforded by the QM rule. 
decides not to hold the mortgage in portfolio, sells it in the secondary market and does not retain the risk, the institution does not receive those legal protections. 
By providing this option, the legislation will allow institutions to meet the credit demands of their consumers while incentivizing them to ensure that potential borrowers can meet the monthly obligations of a mortgage. 
the risk, facilitates effective underwriting by lenders, and ensures that mortgages will be readily available for deserving homebuyers. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this legislation so we can help transform community through home ownership. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), the vice chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her leadership to protect consumers. 
banks in the country to deal in the types of predatory and risky loans which brought down Washington Mutual, Wachovia, Countrywide, Lehman, Bear Stearns and, eventually, the entire economy. 
It undermines one of the most important titles of the DoddFrank Act and 
one of the most significant consumer protection rules implemented by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
Furthermore, this bill contains a provision which explicitly allows mortgage brokers to steer borrowers to riskier, more expensive loans, regardless of what they qualify for. 
that, if banks hold these loans and, therefore, their risks in their own portfolios, they will be careful not to originate bad loans, but this isn’t true. It is not true. 
during the crisis due to a failure to underwrite loans because they were focused on shortterm benefits of up front fees rather than the longterm performance of the mortgages that they originated. 
shortterm profits and bought up risky derivatives based on loans that were poorly underwritten without due diligence. 
change what types of loans a bank is allowed to make. It just removes consumer protections from the riskiest subprime loans. 
the only line of defense against predatory mortgage practices that brought down the economy and destroyed billions in homeowners’ wealth, and it is working. 
Under the new mortgage rules, defaults are down and lending to minorities is up. Last quarter had the most loan originations since the third quarter of 2007. The rules are protecting consumers while also fostering competition among banks and growing the economy. 
may I inquire how much time is remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 12
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 17 minutes remaining. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ). 
White has a saying, and it says, ‘‘You can’t fix stupid.’’ So I guess that is the reason we can’t fix the QM rule that has come from the CFPB because it is stupid. Here is the reason why. Why would 
we not want to give a bank or a credit union the ability to loan somebody money when they are taking 100 percent of the responsibility for the person to pay back that loan? 
It says that a small bank, a community bank, or credit union—I don’t really care who it is—is willing to put up their own money to somebody that they may know in their community that might not have the ability to have credit otherwise to be able to buy a house. 
I had that personal experience. Before I went in the building business, the only thing that I had was a home. So I went and I paid about 13 percent interest. I probably paid a number of points at closing to be able to open up my building business. In doing that, I was able to do that and I was able to pay back that loan. But had these rules been in effect, that would not have been possible to do. 
are other people out there waiting to get their foothold in society by buying a house, becoming part of the American Dream. And, to me, part of that dream is home ownership. 
stupid rules, but I have got to give this one the crown, because why we would want to keep people from having credit and the ability to prosper and to move on and to grow in their life and provide shelter for their family is beyond me. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
the fact is that 2008 was a horrendous time here in Congress, but it was even worse across America. You can go into neighborhoods not just in my district in Minnesota but all over the country— Florida, Arizona, and California—all over the country, and the foreclosure crisis was wreaking havoc from sea to shining sea. Why? Because of poor underwriting standards. Why else? Because we didn’t require much of anything to prove that people could pay a loan back. 
I remember these days, and I remember them so well that I am not really one to want to return to them right away. I think Congress has a duty to protect homeowners and protect consumers from predatory lenders. I vividly recall panic. I vividly recall the loss in property values, and I vividly recall the exploding unemployment numbers. I remember the calls from homeowners in my district facing foreclosure. 
county in which Minneapolis is located, we had more than 35,000 foreclosures since 2007. In many cases, 
these home buyers were sold loans with predatory terms even though they qualified for better mortgages. They were literally steered to bad mortgages. 
and elderly, people who had English as a second language, and people who have been born speaking English their whole lives, in fact, a diverse group of people who were steered to cashout refinancing that stripped them of their wealth and left them homeless. 
practices, and I am proud that we did. DoddFrank was good legislation to try to stop these irresponsible practices. We passed the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and created a standard mortgage, one that we call a qualified mortgage. This is a good step. It was wise to create a nice, boring mortgage loan product. It was a good idea. 
of origination be interest only or negatively amortizing, have a term longer than 30 years, be a noincome, nodocumentation loan, also known as liar loans, be a balloon loan, have a cap on fees and points, and leave the borrower with a debttoincome ratio of greater than 43 percent. 
These are commonsense requirements, and if you get a loan like this, it is probably going to be fine. These commonsense requirements are going to enable sustainable homeownership and allow people to maintain that American Dream that they have been hoping for and saving for for so long. 
had yield spread premium. We remember nodoc, NINJA loans. We remember these interestonly loans and negative amortization. These things were ruinous and harmed the American working and middle classes. These commonsense requirements—these commonsense requirements—are what we should do. 
repeal these protections. They want to take us back in time. They want to put us at risk and tender mercies again. The fact is, it is a huge mistake. 
H.R. 1210 would allow banks with assets up to $1 trillion to seek mortgage brokers to issue the kinds of exotic products which caused the financial collapse. 
Frank Wall Street Reform bill was dry, there were people trying to undermine it. Even before we even implemented the rules, all the rules from Dodd 
Frank have not even been in place yet, we are trying to change it and undermine it, really to kick the door open so that the American working and middle class can be at the tender mercies of unscrupulous lenders again. That is not to say that all home lenders are unscrupulous. Many are good. But it doesn’t take that many to really ruin the industry. 
These changes that H.R. 1210 proposes would encourage lenders to make 
of the home buyer, and this I have to stand against. But I am not by myself. Not only does our ranking member know that this is a bad idea—and many Members of this body—but also the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the NAACP, is well aware this is bad legislation. The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights knows it. Americans for Financial Reform knows it. And the Consumer Federation of America and dozens more are opposing this piece of legislation. 
will be held in the portfolio of the lender, they will be high quality loans. This is not true. This is a faulty assumption, and it is wrong. They miss the whole point of the qualified mortgage rule enacted in the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Mortgage rules are designed to provide safeguards that would create a safer mortgage product for the borrowers. Simply keeping a loan in a portfolio is not necessarily a substitute for the type of sound underwriting mortgage rules are designed to establish. 
There is ample evidence that predatory loans can and have been held in portfolio. Some of the largest mortgage lenders that failed during the financial crisis were large portfolio lenders like Countrywide, Washington Mutual, and Wachovia. These lenders can still make money on defaulted loans. During the 3 years before the crisis, 70 percent of subprime loans were refinanced loans, Mr. Speaker, not purchased loans. With refis, borrowers bring the equity to the table. If the bank charges upfront fees and recovers the money from a foreclosure, predatory loans can be profitable even if they default. The same is true for predatory purchase loans when home values aren’t falling. And that is why we are going to stand here and protect home buyers. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to urge all Members of this body to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1210. And just remember, it has only been a few years since we passed Dodd Frank. It has only been not even a decade since the financial crisis that really, really caused tremendous havoc to the American working and middle classes. After the Great Depression of the 1930s, at least it took them a couple of decades before they tried to dismantle all the financial protections. They haven’t even taken a single decade. They are back at it again and fighting tooth and nail to leave the American working and middle class at the tender mercies of people who have nothing but the profit motive in mind. 
‘‘no’’ on this piece of legislation. It is not worthy, and I urge a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), the sponsor of 
the bill. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, it is important to respond to the rhetoric from the other side because I don’t think they are really understanding what we are trying to do here. What we are not talking about are the predatory, abusive, and risky loans that they are referring to. That is not what we are talking about here. We are not talking about opaque subprime securitizations. We are not talking about the GSE exemption to the qualified mortgage rule. 
the outrage with the FHFA, the regulator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, for not prohibiting Fannie Mae, Freddy Mac, and the GSEs from buying these nonQM mortgages that they are complaining about? What we are talking about are portfolio loans where the risk is on the shareholder, not on the taxpayer. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate my good friend from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for his leadership on 
1210, the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act. Since the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, it seems that all they have done is make it more difficult for businesses to grow and create jobs and to restrict choices for consumers. America needs an opportunity economy not hampered with massive bureaucratic regulations. 
is antiopportunity. It does nothing but force overly burdensome underwriting requirements on hardworking American families and community financial institutions, making it harder for creditworthy individuals to buy a home they can afford to keep. 
The Independent Community Bankers Association reports that 73 percent of community bankers have decreased their mortgage business or completely stopped providing mortgage loans due to the expense of complying with this regulatory burden. 
bank board for over 10 years. We knew who was creditworthy. We had personal relationships with our customers. We knew their character. Today, Mr. 
and extending credit. Yet what is required today is a box to check. If you can’t check all the boxes, you won’t get a loan. The regulators today, just like they did before the crisis, are putting mandates on community financial institutions, whom you can loan money to and whom you can’t loan money to. This type of excessive regulation is what is killing the opportunities and choices for the American consumers. 
Since I have been in Congress, I regularly hear how Washington’s red tape prevents community financial institutions from serving their customers’ needs. H.R. 1210 goes a long way to ensure community banks and credit unions, who know their customers and communities, are able to serve hardworking American families, and they should not be impeded by needless and misguided meddling of Washington bureaucrats. 
Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). 
Mr. TIPTON. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
my colleague from Kentucky, Representative BARR, for offering this 
and Mortgage Access Act responsibly expands access to mortgage credit without creating additional risk to the financial system or to the taxpayer. By allowing insured depository institutions to hold residential mortgage loans in portfolio and have them treated as qualified mortgages, this bill encourages strong underwriting standards for lenders while also giving access to credit for young families and firsttime home buyers. These are people who may not otherwise be able to meet the ability to repay requirements. 
restrictive and have made it difficult and, in some cases, impossible for banks to be able to make otherwise safe and sound loans to creditworthy borrowers. This bill puts the ‘‘community’’ back in community lending. 
many others across the U.S., access to mortgage credit is crucial. Unfortunately, many smaller community banks have been forced to stop mortgage lending since they could not afford the expensive compliance and personnel associated with those costs. They simply made too few mortgage loans to be able to cover their costs. In rural areas, this is a significant problem because customers often do not have the alternative to find a lender to be able to approach for mortgage products. 
the type of lending that will boost the housing market in a safe and responsible manner without taxpayer exposure. Portfolio lending is among the most traditional and lowest risk lending in which a bank can engage. Loans held in portfolio are well underwritten and conservative by their very nature since the lender retains 100 percent of the credit and interest rate risk on their own books. 
support to this bill and encourage my colleagues to be able to support this commonsense measure. Again, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his efforts on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). 
Mr. HILL. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1210, the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access bill, designed by my good friend from Kentucky. 
We have seen in Arkansas loan approval rates decline significantly since the QM rules were put in place. One bank noted a 40 percent decline in eligible borrowers. 
Today, I just want to tell a story. A 
community banker in my district called this week and said that he has a customer that from time to time just needs catchup money, money to catch up on bills, medical expenses, or to help out her kids. But her credit score is in the low range of acceptable, and therefore, she doesn’t qualify for unsecured credit, and therefore, she uses the equity in her house. She has been doing it for years and paid back those lines over and over again with no problems. 
Now she has to go through the abilitytorepay process, which is long and arduous and, unfortunately for her, leading to mistrust between a long term client and her hometown bank. 
president of a community bank in Arkansas, I can assure you that members of our boards of directors across this country scrutinize all portfolio loans, both those that are sold and those kept on the books. But there is no better incentive than to have good underwriting and to ensure the customer has the ability to repay the loan held on the balance sheet of one of our financial institutions. 
how to serve their communities and their clients—not Washington. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). 
head. I am still scratching my head at some of the folks on the other side of the aisle. I have no idea why they do not want to help those folks that are less fortunate than others in this country. 
for all of us in this Chamber, Republicans and Democrats, to step forward and show some compassion for folks that want to live in their own home. 
today to support H.R. 1210, and I salute Mr. BARR from Kentucky for the hard 
work that he did to put this Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act together. I also thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership in bringing 
this out of the committee and to the floor. 
through my Second District in Maine, the most beautiful part of the world, and I love talking to our small credit unions and community banks. I talk to the folks up at the Maine Family Credit Union in Lewiston or the Bangor Savings Bank, and they tell me how difficult it is to navigate through this huge, complex, 2,300page DoddFrank law that is preventing them from lending money to families who are creditworthy and who deserve these loans. 
called the qualified mortgage rule, or QM. This is a onesizefitsall rule that does not work for many of the families in Maine. 
Now, let’s say you are a lobster fisherman in the down east part of our State and you want to borrow money from the Machias Savings Bank to buy a new home because you have a couple of new kids and you need a new bathroom, but your monthly income, Mr. Speaker, may vary depending on when you set your traps, when you pull your traps, and when you sell your catch to a dealer. Now, what the regulators want is they want to see a smooth, equal 12 mortgage payments to repay that loan; but that might not be the case, Mr. Speaker, because your job doesn’t work that way. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman from Maine an additional 10 seconds. 
Machias Savings Bank may have known your family for 50 years. Now, on top of this, Mr. Speaker, the bank takes all the risk. They own the load. So, God forbid, if a storm comes up and sinks your traps and your boat in the harbor and you can’t make those loan payments, there is no risk to the market because the bank owns the loan. 
stand up and show compassion for the folks around this country who want to buy a home and do qualify for these loans. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
banks keep loans in portfolio, they have every incentive to make sure those mortgages are sustainable and good for both the bank and the borrowers. Therefore, loans held in portfolio should automatically receive the CFPB’s legal safe harbor under the qualified mortgage rule. This simply ignores the history of the recent crisis. How can banks benefit from loans that are unsustainable in the long term? 
Let’s look at how it really works: Step one, underwrite a mortgage 
with high, upfront fees. Though an honest broker may charge a 1 percent 
fee, a Better Business Bureau study from just before the crisis showed mortgage brokers often making 5 percent in upfront fees. On a $200,000 mortgage, that is $10,000 just for one loan. Other examples are appraisal fees, escrow fees, settlement fees, homeowners insurance. These fees could go back to the loan originator on an unlimited basis, and originators could still have legal protection under H.R. 1210. 
Step three, underwrite a large number of loans so that the fees add up— volume churn, volume churn. This has the added benefit of keeping regional home prices high by flooding the market with buyers. 
Step four, refuse to offer loan modifications. Banks can divest from loss mitigation processes and keep the profits from the high upfront fees and mortgage volumes. 
and prevent them from suing the lender for lending violations. Once the borrower defaults, the lender can then repossess the collateral. If home prices have risen, they can sell the home for a profit all the while keeping their up front fees. Meanwhile, H.R. 1210 would provide the lenders with a legal shield against CFPB enforcement or private fair lending litigation. 
Over and over, Republicans have attacked the CFPB and the important protections it provides to American consumers. Yet again, we are wasting time on the floor considering a bill the President has already pledged to veto when we could be doing other important business. 
forgets all of the lessons of the financial crisis of 2008 and allows the country’s biggest banks to put consumers and the economy at risk by bringing back complex, highcost mortgages. The bill resurrects a practice that allows mortgage brokers to receive bonuses from the big banks in exchange for steering consumers into expensive, risky loans. 
After the financial crisis, the Department of Justice investigated these practices and found that minority communities were sought out by mortgage brokers and targeted for risky loans, even in the cases where the borrowers were qualified for prime loans. These are the same types of loans that destroyed the life savings of millions of Americans that ended up in foreclosure. 
practices at the largest banks, I discovered that the same banks that made these mortgages were also guilty of robosigning. Remember that? Robo signing, wrongfully foreclosing on families that were up to date on their payments and fabricating paperwork to defraud consumers. 
have reined in these predatory practices, yet I have had to come down to the floor over and over again to defend our work eliminating fraud in the financial system. We have already seen what happens when regulators do not do their jobs: consumers are left on the hook. We must defend the work we have done in the DoddFrank Act and the important work that CFPB continues to do. So certainly I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this legislation. 
by this side of the aisle that it appears that my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle are forgetting the lessons of 2008, forgetting what happened when we brought this country to a recession, almost a depression, forgetting the communities that have been destroyed with these foreclosures, forgetting these lessons, and coming back to the Congress of the United States disregarding all of the harm that we have caused to families and communities and presenting legislation that could put them back in the same position. 
Well, we wonder why our constituents and consumers don’t trust us anymore. They don’t trust us because of these kinds of attempts to present public policy that again could harm our economy and harm these families and these communities. They wonder why it is we continue down this path. 
America. We bailed out big insurance companies in America. We took the taxpayers’ money, and we literally said to the people who had caused the harm: We forgive you. It is okay. We are going to make sure you stay in business. We are going to make sure that you have the ability to make money. 
still many are reeling from the loss of their homes. And homelessness has increased in my own city of Los Angeles, over 12 to 15 percent increase in homelessness. Some of those families are there because they are victims of the predatory practices that we allowed our regulators to turn their heads and bring harm to these families and these communities. 
I don’t understand why you don’t understand simply ability to repay. I don’t understand why you would simply say let the biggest banks in America have portfolio loans if they don’t have to be worried about qualified mortgages. I don’t get it. 
Why don’t you err, if you are going to 
err, on the side of the consumer? What is it about the biggest financial institutions in America that can promote this kind of public policy and have so many Members, particularly on the opposite side of the aisle, doing their bidding? I don’t get it. I don’t understand, and I don’t understand why many of your constituents don’t really know what is going on. 
As you know, working on the Financial Services Committee is extremely difficult and timeconsuming work. Here we are divided: one side of the 
aisle going back to the risky days, another side of the aisle protecting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and saying that we have to protect that Bureau no matter how much you attack it. 
DoddFrank and this centerpiece that was organized for reform, where we created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, think about the name— Consumer, Financial, Protection, Bureau—protecting those who had been dropped off the protection agenda by our own regulators. 
named it in such a way that consumers and our constituents would understand that we are sorry for what happened to them and we don’t like the fact that we almost destroyed this economy. We support the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. We will not go back to those days prior to 2008; and, whether you like it or not, this Bureau is here to stay, and we are going to defend it with every ounce of energy that we have. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, how 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 2
that the ranking member says ‘‘we have to protect the CFPB,’’ the very same CFPB that the Federal Reserve’s inspector general says, ‘‘minorities underrepresented in upper pay bands’’; the very same CFPB, ‘‘minority applicants not hired in proportion to qualifications.’’ She wants to protect the CFPB where ‘‘minority employees receive lower performance ratings,’’ wants to protect a qualified mortgage rule which the Federal Reserve says onethird of Blacks and Hispanics will no longer be able to qualify for mortgages. Yet the ranking member says we have to protect CFPB. 
people from CFPB, the CFPB that is trying to take away their mortgages. 
credit union or community bank, like the First Arkansas Bank and Trust, who wrote: 
‘‘Our bank has a long history of helping consumers, especially those who, for some reason, cannot qualify for secondary market financing at the time. Due to the fact that this type of financing is now overly burdened by the qualified mortgage standards, we have ceased this type of financing.’’ 
We hear from the Reading Cooperative Bank, ‘‘We have experienced a spike in loan declines to women,’’ for their investigation identified that women attempting to buy the family home to settle their divorce and stabilize their family were being declined 
at a high rate due to the DoddFrank qualified mortgage rules and ability to pay. 
have to protect the consumer, and we protect the consumer by having competitive, transparent, innovative free markets that are vigorously policed for force and fraud and deception. It is not by having this vaunted CFPB. I am shocked that we have the ranking member again talking about discrimination, but, apparently, it is okay if the CFPB practices it. That is outrageous, Mr. Speaker. It is simply outrageous. The American people will not abide by it. 
consumers in their opportunity for the American Dream of homeownership. That is why every single Member should vote for the legislation from the gentleman from Kentucky, which is so simple. It says, if you make the loan and you keep your books, it is a qualified mortgage, and you have your shot at the American Dream. I urge the adoption of the legislation. 
amendment made in order pursuant to the first section of House Resolution 529 will not be offered. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Mr. Thompson of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1210 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Page 2, line 5, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 2, line 8, strike the period at the end 
‘‘(iii) the consumer is not a veteran or a 
Page 3, line 3, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 3, line 7, strike the period at the end 
the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s motion. 
from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
Speaker and Members, the bill on the floor before us is a rotten deal for all consumers, but it is especially bad for our servicemembers. 
are often forced to relocate with little notice. That puts our men and women in uniform under tremendous pressure to obtain housing for themselves and for their families, all the while managing the enormous duties that military service requires. It is a lot to handle. We know this and so do the financial predators. That is why we often see them setting up shop around our military bases. 
sold a bad mortgage, why don’t the authors of this bill want to allow them some recourse to make things right? 
the pressures placed on our military. Our men and women in uniform often don’t have the time to investigate mortgages in detail. They have to trust that no one is taking advantage of them. The problem is people often do take advantage of them. It is a despicable practice that is matched only by the majority’s bill, which denies them the opportunity to sue the predatory lender to make things right. 
would allow any servicemember or veteran to sue a predatory lender regardless of who holds the loan. The mere fact that a predatory lender holds a bad mortgage shouldn’t prevent servicemembers from being able to take action to make things right. 
side are going to vote to deny protections to your average, hardworking American family who had the bad fortune of being sold a bad mortgage; but at the very least, let’s exempt servicemembers from this bill. We ask enough of them already. 
Reports from the Department of Defense have noted that financial stress can affect a servicemember’s performance and combat readiness. And a DOD report specifically states: ‘‘Fortyeight percent of enlisted servicemembers are less than 25 years old, have little experience managing their finances, and have little in savings to help them through emergencies.’’ 
when Member after Member came to the floor to praise our veterans, this majority wants to return 7 days later and put predatory lenders ahead of our men and women in uniform. Their bill limits consumer protections for servicemembers. It hurts our Armed 
Forces, and it hurts their families. It increases strain on people who already volunteer for a stressful, dangerous job; and it reduces combat readiness. 
week ago on Veterans Day. Let’s put our policy in line with our rhetoric. Let’s protect our troops. Let’s protect their families. Let’s protect our country. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion to recommit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
certainly salute the gentleman for his service to our country in uniform and for his service to our country in Congress. 
not applaud what he is bringing before the House in this motion to recommit, because what his motion to recommit will do, regardless of what he says it will do, is hurt veterans. It will hurt their homeownership opportunities. 
the floor when I shared with the House correspondence from just two community financial institutions that were saying that they can’t make mortgage loans anymore under this QM rule. We know for a fact that, when fully implemented, 20 percent of the people who qualified for mortgages just 5 years ago—after the financial crisis—would no longer qualify, many of them veterans. We know the Federal Reserve has said that, when the QM rule is fully functional, onethird of all Blacks and Hispanics, many of them veterans, will not be able to qualify for mortgages. 
Again, it is why so many in the industry are calling ‘‘QM’’ not ‘‘qualified mortgage,’’ Mr. Speaker, but ‘‘quitting mortgages.’’ We don’t want banks and credit unions to be quitting on mortgages for our brave men and women in uniform. They deserve the same homeownership opportunities. Frankly, they deserve better homeownership opportunities than the rest of the population. 
this motion to recommit because, at the end of the day, what is going to be best for our veterans—what is going to be best for the American people—is more competition in the mortgage market, not less, not taking away their financing opportunities, particularly those who are of low income and particularly our veterans. No. We want to have competitive, transparent, innovative markets. They need to be policed for force and fraud and deception. We want as many different financial institutions creating as many opportunities for homeownership for the American 
people and for our veterans as possible. I would urge the House to reject this motion to recommit. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and passage of H.R. 1737. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 184, nays 242, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Georgia, KELLY of Mississippi, FRANKS of Arizona, and DOLD changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to 
KIRKPATRICK, Ms. LOFGREN, and Mr. RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
No. 635, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
635, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for rollcall vote No. 635, a recorded vote on the Motion to Recommit with instructions on H.R. 1210. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 255, nays 174, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR VICTIMS OF BOMBINGS IN BEIRUT, LEBANON 
(Mr. ISSA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Members of the Lebanon Caucus to request a moment of silence for the victims of the bombings in Beirut, Lebanon, on November 12, 2015, that claimed the lives of at least 43 people and injured over 200. 
November 13, and in Egypt on October 31, almost 400 murders have been claimed by ISIS in the period of less than 2 weeks. 
gentleman from New York (Mr. HANNA ), my friend, who introduced the 
resolution today condemning the attack and showing our support for Lebanon. 
I thank the Chair for this opportunity to remember the innocent lives lost at the hands of ISIS terrorists, and I urge the administration to do everything in its power to bring those responsible to justice. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members will rise and observe a moment of silence. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 332, nays 96, not voting 5, as follows: 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline 
Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell 
Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg 
Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Edwards Ellison Engel Farr 
Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Garamendi Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Himes Honda Hoyer Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Langevin Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Pallone Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Serrano Takano Thompson (MS) Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
not able to vote today for medical reasons. Had I been present on rollcall vote 634, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Had I been present on rollcall vote 635, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Had I been present on rollcall vote 636, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Had I been present on rollcall vote 637, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
EMMER of Minnesota). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 3403. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Jessica Poole, District Director, the Honorable SUSAN DAVIS, 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a nonparty subpoena, issued by the Superior Court of California, County of San Diego, for testimony in a criminal case. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RECOMMIT ON H.R. 3189, FED OVERSIGHT REFORM AND MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 3189 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the bill, H.R. 3189, to amend the Federal Reserve Act to establish requirements for policy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 529 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 3189. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3189) to amend the Federal Reserve Act to establish requirements for policy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes, with Mr. YODER  
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. W ATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3189, the FORM Act, to reform the Federal Reserve. It is sponsored by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). 
To paraphrase an old automobile advertising campaign, Mr. Chairman, this is not your father’s Fed. 
Reserve has morphed into a government institution whose unconventional activities and vastly expanded powers would hardly be recognized by those who drafted the original act. Regrettably, commensurate transparency and accountability have not followed. 
the Fed has carried out unprecedented rounds of asset purchases, known as quantitative easing; and its balance sheet has swollen to almost $5 trillion, equal to onefourth of the U.S. economy and almost five times its precrisis level. 
zero interest rates, and the Fed’s so called forward guidance provides almost no guidance to investors on when rates might finally be normalized. 
This ongoing uncertainty is a significant cause of businesses hoarding cash and postponing capital investments and community banks conserving capital and reducing lending. 
the DoddFrank Act granted the Fed sweeping new regulatory powers to directly intervene in the operations of 
large financial institutions. This is totally separate and apart from its monetary policy responsibilities, Mr. Chairman. 
DoddFrank’s codification of too big to fail. With respect to these firms, the Fed is authorized to impose heightened prudential standards, including capital and liquidity requirements, risk management requirements, resolution planning, credit exposure report requirements, and concentration limits. 
vague, faint finding that if a financial institution poses a grave threat to financial stability, to actually break up the firm. 
Fed can now literally occupy the boardrooms of the largest financial institutions in America and influence how they deploy capital. 
made clear and credible, and its regulatory activities must comport with the rule of law and bear public scrutiny. To accomplish this, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act, again, the FORM Act, authored by Congressman HUIZENGA , should be enacted into law. 
Reform accountability and transparency, on the one hand, and independence in the conduct of monetary policy, on the other, are not mutually exclusive concepts. 
are as follows: Number one, on monetary policy, the Fed must publish and 
chose any monetary policy, strategy, or rule it prefers, and it has the power to amend or depart from that rule whenever the Fed decides economic circumstances so warrant. 
monetary policy based upon the Taylor rule developed by Stanford Economist John Taylor or whether they choose to conduct monetary policy based on a rousing game of rockpaperscissors or any other rule or method, the Fed will retain the unfettered discretion to do that. 
Fed to report and explain its rule and its deviations from the standard benchmark to the rest of us. 
when the Fed employs a more predictable, rulesbased monetary policy, more positive economic results will occur. 
Some have opined that such a provision will compromise the Fed’s monetary policy independence. It does not. The Fed again will retain unfettered discretion in the exercise of monetary policy. 
of Governors enjoy 14year terms, second only to lifetime judicial appointments, and the Fed’s budget is independent of congressional appropriations, it is almost inconceivable that 
from monetary policy, the format compels the Fed to conduct costbenefit analysis for all its regulations. This is also known as common sense. 
Under DoddFrank, the Fed is directed to publish upwards of 60 new regulations, some in conjunction with other agencies, but a costbenefit analysis is not required. The Fed’s failure to carry out these studies results in excessive regulatory burdens on our small banks and businesses, which harms the economy. 
the Fed will be required to issue formal regulations after providing for notice and comment for DoddFrank stress test scenarios and disclose resubmitted stress tests. 
tests to direct operations of financial institutions it deems systemically important puts government bureaucrats in a position of essentially dictating business models and operational objectives of private businesses. Yet, the Fed’s implementation of stress testing is marked by a lack of transparency and a total disregard for the rule of law. 
stress test, it is difficult for Congress and the public to assess either the effectiveness of the Fed’s regulatory oversight or the integrity of their findings. 
Again, under DoddFrank, vast powers have been expanded of the Fed. The Fed is not using a transparent monetary policy. Because of this, greater transparency, greater accountability is necessary. Otherwise, we may soon awake to discover that our central bankers have morphed into our central planners. 
opposition to H.R. 3189, a bill that would undermine the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy independence, politicize its decisionmaking, curtail its ability to respond to a wide range of dynamic economic data, and weaken 
its ability to effectively carry out its regulatory responsibilities to promote the safety and soundness of our financial system. 
Oversight Reform and Modernization Act, should more appropriately be called the Eliminate the Federal Reserve’s Ability to Support the American Economy and Promote Full Employment Act. 
and should be reflectively shielded from reform, this bill does not reflect a good faith effort to strengthen the Federal Reserve or hold it accountable to its mission, to keep inflation low and stable, and to promote full employment. Rather, this bill is designed to put 
monetary policy on autopilot under a strict, rulesbased approach subject to reviews and audits by the GAO. 
monetary policymakers from considering the wide range of everchanging economic data that is relevant to effective decisionmaking and would discourage the Fed from engaging in the types of bold and forceful actions that have been so critical to our economy’s recovery over the past 6 years. 
that is increasingly interconnected to a vast and complex global economy, the notion that we should be putting blinders on our central bank strikes me as a recipe for disaster. In fact, had the Federal Reserve taken the approach called for in the underlying bill during and in response to the recent financial crisis, economic performance would have been substantially worse. 
Yellen put it in a letter to congressional leadership earlier this week, had the FOMC been compelled to operate under a simple policy rule for the past 6 years, the unemployment experience of that period would have been substantially more painful than it already was and inflation would have been even further below the FOMC’s 2 percent objective. 
monetary policy isn’t the only reason to oppose this bill. H.R. 3189 includes a host of provisions that represent the latest Republican effort to block financial regulators from fulfilling their responsibility to promote the safety and soundness of our financial system as part of the DoddFrank Act. 
unworkable costbenefit analysis requirements that are designed to slow new rulemaking to a screeching halt and ensure the few that do get issued are tied up in court. 
The bill also requires the Federal Reserve to make public and solicit comments on its stress test scenarios, a move that, while popular with the biggest banks, would undermine the effectiveness of the test, turning this valuable regulatory tool for assessing the health of the financial system into a useless exercise. 
adds to the end of H.R. 3189 the text of H.R. 2912, a bill that would establish a partisan commission, with twice as many Republicans as Democrats, to review the Federal Reserve’s conduct of monetary policy and recommend changes to its mandate as well as the specific instruments and operational regime to be used in achieving it. 
current dual mandate and operational monetary policy independence have served the economy well. Such independence ensures that policy decisions are empirically driven rather than motivated by shortterm political pressures while its clear objectives allow Congress to hold it accountable. Operating under the current model, 
the Federal Reserve played a major role in ending the panic that gripped the financial sector in 2008 and, through its sustained efforts, has supported the creation of more than 13.3 million private sector jobs and cut the unemployment rate in half since the height of the crisis, all while keeping inflation well below the target. 
to put those who thought shutting down the government was a good idea and who thought fiscal austerity would grow the economy in a position to micromanage our monetary policy, also. 
to note that the Congressional Budget Office estimates that this bill will cost $109 million over 10 years by forcing the Federal Reserve to jump through new rulemaking and administrative hoops. 
To pay for this cost, the Rules Committee adopted an amendment that would raid $60 billion from the Federal Reserve’s surplus account, a buffer that inspires confidence in the central bank itself. Ironically, this is the very same fund that Republicans voted to eliminate just 2 weeks ago. 
Members to join me in opposing this terrible legislation that would do enormous damage to our economy and the American people. I can’t believe this bill is before us. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), the author of the FORM 
Act and chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee. 
Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3189, a wonderful bill called the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act, the FORM Act. 
Chairman of the Federal Reserve under President Franklin Roosevelt, once began testimony to Congress by stating: ‘‘I am speaking for the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, an agency of Congress.’’ 
many seem to have forgotten over the Federal Reserve’s 100plusyear history, that the Fed was created by Congress; the Board of Governors are all appointed for terms of 14 years by the President and confirmed by Congress; and it operates per its charter and laws set out by, yes, Congress. Therefore, the Federal Reserve is actually or, theoretically, is supposed to be accountable to Congress. 
the most powerful institutions in the world. It is past time to restore transparency at the Fed and hold it accountable to the American taxpayers. 
the Fed, as it is known, was created in 1913 in response to a series of economic crises early in the 20th century. Although the Fed was created as an independent agency deriving its power from Congress, over the past 100 years, the Fed’s power has significantly expanded. 
stability to the banking business, the Federal Reserve has gained unprecedented power, influence, and control over the financial system while remaining shrouded in mystery to the American people. At the same time, the American people have continued to suffer through a financial crisis, at least once per generation. With such a poor record, the Fed should not be free to carry on without accountability to the institution that created it. 
Mr. Chairman, we will not fully realize robust economic growth until the Fed changes the conduct of its monetary policy. Six years have passed since the recession officially ended, but the U.S. economic opportunity remains well short of its potential. 
people’s Representatives as well as to the hardworking taxpayers themselves. We need to modernize the Federal Reserve, restore accountability, and bring it into the 21st century. That is why I introduced H.R. 3189, the FORM Act of 2015. The FORM Act makes two fundamental changes to improve how the Federal Reserve conducts monetary policy. 
other side of the aisle tend to kind of like to pass bills before they know what is in those bills. That is one of the ways that they discover what is in those bills. But if they actually read this bill, they would see that it protects the Fed’s ability to develop what it believes is the best course of action on monetary policy—the exact opposite of what my colleague was saying. It requires them to then give the American people a greater accounting of its actions. 
to transparently communicate its monetary policy decisions to the American taxpayers—not what it must do, as is being asserted. Rather, they must simply explain what they are doing and why they are doing it. By requiring the Fed to regularly communicate how its policy choices compare to a benchmark guideline instead of continuing the ad hoc strategy currently being employed, the FORM Act will help consumers and investors make better decisions in both the present and create more sound expectations about the future. 
the merits of this approach, stating that ‘‘the framework of a Taylortype rule could help the Federal Reserve communicate to the public the rationale behind policy moves.’’ The FORM Act does not dictate any particular monetary policy course; it simply ensures that the Fed transparently communicates its monetary policy decisions. I can’t agree more with Chair 
the current trigger, permitting the Fed to invoke its emergency lending powers only upon finding that—and this is from the text of the bill—‘‘unusual and exigent circumstances exist that pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States.’’ 
Responsibly limiting the Federal Reserve’s lending authority has support from across the ideological spectrum, ranging from conservatives to liberals, such as Senator ELIZABETH WARREN . 
The FORM Act also does the following: It requires the Fed to conduct costbenefit analysis for all regulations it promulgates. Failure to conduct costbenefit analysis results in excessive regulatory burdens on small banks and businesses, which harm the economy and I believe have slowed our recovery. 
the Federal Reserve’s bank stress tests as well as the international financial regulatory negotiations conducted by the Federal Reserve, the Treasury Department, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
are sliding into a much broader area of regulation that is not U.S. regulation but is actually European and world regulation. It requires the Federal Reserve to review the salaries of highly paid employees. It provides for at least two staff positions to advise each member of the Board of Governors independent from the Chair, and it requires Fed employees to abide by the same ethical requirements as other Federal financial regulators. 
It clarifies the blackout period governing when Federal Reserve governors and employees may publicly speak to Congress as well as to the public on certain matters, and it ends automatic seats at the Federal Open Market Committee table, which provides a more balanced representation of votes on Federal policy at the FOMC. 
policy rates on excess balances maintained at a Federal Reserve Bank by a depository institution. It removes restrictions placed on the Government Accountability Office’s ability to audit the Fed, and it directs the GAO to conduct an audit of the Fed within 12 months of enactment and report back to Congress. Finally, the FORM Act establishes a 
bipartisan monetary commission, as proposed by Chairman Brady, to identify other opportunities for improvement. 
Mr. Chairman, we can no longer afford to have an entity with so much power as the Federal Reserve by operating on a whim with ad hoc policy. The reforms in this legislation strike the right balance between holding the Fed accountable to Congress and the American people while still affording it its independence to make monetary policy decisions free from political pressure of all stripes. 
System is an agency of Congress. As such, it is not infallible, and its independence should not be unlimited. Let’s restore proper congressional supervision and provide the American people with transparency. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 3189, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015. 
Mr. Chairman, despite what my colleague on the opposite side of the aisle, Mr. HUIZENGA , has said about our not 
knowing what is in the bill, we know what is in the bill, and this Congress should be frightened about what you are attempting to do with establishing this simple monetary policy rule that is unworkable. This is dangerous. 
the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ). She is the ranking member of the subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises of the Financial Services Committee. 
York. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her leadership. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3189. 
Street Journal written by Alan Blinder, a former Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve, a professor at Princeton, and the author of a book on the financial crisis, the response, and the work ahead. This is his strong article in opposition to this bill which he feels is extremely disruptive, problematic, and just plain wrong. 
held a hearing on Federal Reserve reform on July 10. The hearing didn’t get much press attention. But it was remarkable. While the House can’t manage to engage on important issues like tax reform, immigration reform and the minimum wage, it’s more than willing to propose radical ‘‘reform’’ of one of the few national policies that is working well. 
Federal Reserve Accountability and Transparency Act. (That’s right: FRAT.) To be fair to an otherwise dreadful bill, accountability and transparency are worthy objectives, and FRAT does include some reasonable ideas, such as trimming the news blackouts before and after meetings of the Federal Open Market Committee. But it also includes some 
corkers, such as requiring public disclosures—in advance—before entering into international negotiations, disclosures that could make such negotiations next to impossible. How would you like to play your poker hand open? 
bill has little to do with either transparency or accountability. Instead, it seeks to intrude on the Fed’s ability to conduct an independent monetary policy, free of political interference. 
As the title of Section 2 puts it, FRAT 
would impose ‘‘Requirements for Policy Rules of the Federal Open Market Committee.’’ A ‘‘rule’’ in this context means a precise set of instructions—often a mathematical formula—that tells the Fed how to set monetary policy. Strictly speaking, with such a rule in place, you don’t need a committee to make decisions—or even a human being. A handheld calculator will do. 
In the debate over such rules, two have attracted the most attention. More than 50 years ago, Milton Friedman famously urged the Fed to keep the money supply growing at a constant rate—say, 4% or 5% per year— rather than varying money growth to influence inflation or unemployment. 
About two decades ago, Stanford economist John Taylor began plumping for a different sort of rule, one which forces monetary policy to respond to changes in the economy—but mechanically, in ways that can be programmed into a computer. While hundreds of ‘‘Taylor rules’’ have been considered over the years, FRAT would inscribe Mr. Taylor’s original 1993 version into law as the ‘‘Reference Policy Rule.’’ The law would require the Fed to pick a rule, and if their choice differed substantially from the Reference Policy Rule, it would have to explain why. All this would be subject to audit by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), with prompt reporting to Congress. 
the Fed would be clear: Depart from the original Taylor rule at your peril. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen understands this and, as she made clear in her semiannual testimony to the House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday, opposes the bill. 
So what is this rule that FRAT would turn 
into holy writ? It’s a simple equation, which starts by establishing a baseline federal funds rate that is two percentage points higher than inflation; that’s about 3.5% now. It then adds to that baseline onehalf of the amount by which inflation exceeds its 2% target (that ‘‘excess’’ is now roughly minus 0.5%). Next, it adds onehalf the percentage amount by which gross domestic product exceeds an estimate of potential GDP (that gap is controversial but is perhaps minus 4% today). Thus Taylor’s mechanical rule wants the current fedfunds rate to be about 3.5 ¥ 
Fed staff could no doubt concoct an alternative rule that instructed the FOMC to set the fedfunds rate close to zero today, and the committee could pretend it was using that rule. That’s transparency? 
But there is a deeper problem. The Fed has 
not used the fedfunds rate as its principal monetary policy instrument since it hit (almost) zero in December 2008. Instead, its two 
main policy instruments have been ‘‘quantitative easing,’’ which is now ending, and ‘‘forward guidance,’’ which means guiding markets by using words to describe future policy intentions. If words are the Fed’s main policy instrument, how is the FOMC supposed to set them according to a rule? And how can the GAO determine whether that rule resembles the ‘‘Reference Policy Rule’’? 
Fed sensible instructions in normal times. But what about when the world is far from 
normal? The Fed claimed to be using Friedman’s money growth rule during the tumultuous disinflation of 1979–82—with miserable results. Luckily for all of us, the Taylor rule wasn’t tried during the 2008–09 financial crisis. That could have been disastrous, effectively tying the Fed’s hands just when extraordinary monetary stimulus was most needed. Should we now bet the ranch that the world will remain placid forever? 
Conservatives distrust concentrated government power—an idea embraced by our Constitution. They worry that human beings, who are fallible and maybe not even trustworthy, will make poor policy choices. Yes, to err is human. But humans can often recognize extraordinary events and try to 
which I’ve always believed: If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. Monetary policy is one of the few things in today’s Washington that ‘‘ain’t broke.’’ The mischievous FRAT wouldn’t fix it. 
York. Mr. Chairman, this bill would significantly undermine the Federal Reserve’s independence by requiring the Fed to adopt a rulesbased approach to monetary policy. While it is true that this bill doesn’t force, by law, the Fed to follow a particular formula for interest rates, it does attempt to bully the Fed into following the Republicans’ preferred monetary policy by hauling the Fed Chair up to testify in front of Congress every time the Fed deviates from the monetary policy rule dictated by this statute. This would have a significant chilling and killing effect on the Fed’s deliberations over interest rates and inappropriately interferes with the Federal Reserve’s independence. 
rule, which this bill would codify, would have performed disastrously in the financial crisis that we are still suffering from. Federal Reserve Chair Yellen testified that, during the crisis, the Taylor rule ‘‘would have performed just miserably’’ and would have led to a ‘‘dreadful’’ economic recovery. 
provision in this bill. Section 4 of the bill also needlessly overhauls the membership of the Federal Open Market Committee, or FOMC. The current makeup of the FOMC, which is responsible for setting monetary policy, has served this country well for the past 100 years. So if it isn’t broken, don’t try to fix it, and in this case, don’t make it worse. 
implementing monetary policy; and this special role gives the New York Fed a unique understanding of monetary policy, of how markets will react to changes, and what actions are both feasible and effective. 
I think that it is important to remember why the regional Fed president, with responsibility for implementing monetary policy, serves as the Vice Chairman of the FOMC. 
not end when the FOMC announces a target interest rate. Shortterm interest rates do not magically move to the FOMC’s desired level. It is not that 
easy. Someone has to implement monetary policy by pushing shortterm interest rates toward the official target rate, and that someone is the New York Fed. 
Lacker said just last week, raising interest rates is ‘‘pretty clear. You just write the statement and you must send it to’’ the New York Fed in New York. The New York Fed does this primarily by buying and selling Treasury securities in the markets, which influences the supply of money in the system. Because the interest rate is a function of the supply and demand for money, the New York Fed controls shortterm interest rates by influencing the supply of money in the system. This is an incredibly important job. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
York. The Fed’s ability to control shortterm interest rates is what allows the Fed to set monetary policy. If the markets didn’t believe that the Fed had the ability to control shortterm interest rates, then the FOMC’s statement about raising or lowering interest rates would be viewed as merely wishful thinking rather than an actual monetary policy. 
York Fed president serves as the Vice Chair of the FOMC, and I see no reason why this should change. So it is unclear what this problem is trying to fix, and I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. 
chairman of our Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee. 
and I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) for all of their hard 
work to bring greater transparency to one of the most secretive agencies in the government, the Federal Reserve. 
Chair Janet Yellen said: ‘‘The Federal Reserve is already one of the most transparent central banks around the globe.’’ 
it we have seen the following headlines in the last few years: March of last year, Forbes, ‘‘Fed on Target to Raise Interest Rates in Spring of 2015’’; then in October, ‘‘Two Fed Officials Say Interest Rates to Rise in Mid2015’’; then in The Wall Street Journal just last month, ‘‘Fed Doubts Grow on 2015 Rate Hike’’; and then just 2 weeks later in The Wall Street Journal, ‘‘Fed Keeps December Rate Hike in Play.’’ 
So which is it? Mr. Chairman, a simple Google search on the subject pulls up a range of headlines on this topic all pointing to one fact: There is a great deal of confusion and uncertainty as to 
how the Federal Reserve actually conducts its own monetary policy. 
to follow a rule when conducting monetary policy, and this bill, H.R. 3189, gives the Fed that flexibility to develop and implement its own rule as it sees fit and then simply to report to Congress and the public, should it find the need to deviate from it. 
give us greater economic certainty and moves us away from what we have seen, a Fed guessing game that we have all become too used to. 
troubling than the monetary policy, however, is the lack of transparency and accountability and openness surrounding their regulatory function. Despite the Fed’s failure to prevent the crisis in 2008, despite their failure to even see it coming, the DoddFrank Act bestowed upon the Fed tremendous new regulatory authority, authority that it is now using to try and regulate huge swaths of the financial system, and what they are really trying to do is to stamp out all risk taking, if you will, in our capital markets. 
benefit analysis of the rulemaking in that, and it has conspired, if you will, with various secretive international bodies, like the FSB, the Financial Stability Board, in so doing to try to rewrite the rules, if you will, to the detriment of who? Well, the American capital markets. 
which would do what? It would shine the light of day, if you will, on the Fed’s regulatory operations, so that all of us, the American public, can see actually what the powers are up to. So now more than ever we need transparency and accountability in the Federal Reserve. 
the sponsor of the bill for moving the underlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), the ranking member of the 
Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade on the Financial Services Committee. 
ranking member of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3189. 
bill, and it doesn’t really make much difference. But this bill is extremely dangerous for many reasons. I want to focus on just two provisions—my time is limited—that would be absolutely disastrous for the U.S. economy: 
One is the political audits of the Federal Reserve. 
wrong with auditing the Fed? The Fed is already audited, including an external audit, which all Americans can review online. This bill creates a mechanism for political audits of the Fed. Injecting politics into monetary policy and undermining the independence of the Central Bank would be an absolute disaster. 
transportation bill that we passed out of here—and I voted for it, hoping that it can be fixed in conference—where the Fed is required to provide $60 billion—that is billion with a B, Mr. Chairman—and then is not being allowed to replenish its money supply. This is more than just tinkering in our economy. 
academic research that demonstrated an independent central bank anywhere in the world making economic decisions and not political decisions delivers lower inflation, higher employment, and better economic results. 
Currently, the U.S. enjoys low borrowing costs, and our debt is considered the gold standard. The U.S. dollar is literally the reserve currency of countries around the world. 
I yield the gentlewoman from Wisconsin an additional 1 minute. 
think that Congress is going to be more confident at conducting monetary policy than an independent central bank? 
Let me remind you, under the stewardship of the Republican leadership of this House, we have seen government shutdowns, U.S. debt default threats, and fiscal austerity measures that hamper the economic recovery. 
anybody over there can explain the Taylor rule to you. But I tell you, had we had the Taylor rule in place in the 1980s when Volcker was here, he would not have been able to stop the rampant inflation that we experienced. The assumptions that it is based on have not accounted for Volcker’s inflation fighting or Bernanke’s aggressive recovery status. They couldn’t have done it under this Taylor rule. 
Street, all the investors, would set their models to the Fed commuter model, and then it would set up all kinds of economic disruptions if the Fed would ever deviate from the model. It would take the discretion away from the Fed. 
yield myself 10 seconds to, once again, encourage my colleagues to actually read the bill. 
the Federal Reserve. But had the Federal Reserve followed the Taylor rule in the first place, we would not have 
had a financial crisis because the real estate bubble would not have been inflated by the Fed keeping money too loose, too long. 
from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chairman yielding. 
for his good work on the FORM Act. I think this is a commonsense set of reforms that make the Federal Reserve more accountable to the American people, which means they are more accountable to the United States Congress. 
aisle and my good friend from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), who says that the 
FORM Act is one that would provide for the Congress to set monetary policy, where in the FORM Act does it say that? Just because we ask for oversight, just because we want to have the Federal Reserve accountable to the Congress and to the American people, doesn’t mean that Congress is taking the role of setting monetary policy. Again, that is just setting up a straw man and trying to knock it down in the argument. 
distinct difference between the two sides of the aisle. We do think there should be accountability and transparency. But my friends across the aisle will continue to advocate for very powerful government institutions empowering bureaucrats that are not elected and that are not accountable to the American people to make decisions that have huge impacts on the American people. 
What we say on our side of the aisle 
is, in our form of government, the people have a right to have a say in their government, which means you need to empower the Congress and the Senate to have oversight over these very powerful organizations. 
having here. We want oversight and transparency. We don’t want to set monetary policy. 
and we have asked the Federal Reserve for documents that we are entitled to in regard to an FOMC leak. The Federal Reserve has basically said: 
Yes, you are entitled to these documents. But, guess what, we are not going to give them to you. 
What is the reason, Madam Chair? I don’t have a really good reason. 
Some people asked me not to give them to you. I know you are entitled, but I am not going to send them over to you. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman from Wisconsin 30 seconds. 
measures to get the Federal Reserve to comply with our subpoenas to provide 
is entitled to. That shows how arrogant this institution—the Fed—really is. 
An audit of the Fed taking a look back that is not political, but a retrospective look at the Fed’s monetary policy, makes absolute sense. 
talk about the blackout period at the Fed that, yes, you can have a blackout for monetary policy, but you can’t use that blackout when we are talking about the supervisory and prudential functions of the Federal Reserve. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I cringe at the thought that the documents from the FOMC meeting of 2012 would be released to the Members of Congress. They would cause some volatility in the markets and shake up this country and cause such harm that everybody ought to be alarmed at the thought. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to the legislation designed to chip away at the independence of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve’s objectives of maximum employment and stable prices have and will remain moving targets. The legislation attacks the independent judgment of the Fed in a number of ways by intrusive and dangerous meddling in the guise of Congressional oversight. 
this complex task could somehow be reduced to a function of two variables. Now, I am a physicist and, as Albert Einstein said: ‘‘Everything should be made as simple as possible but not simpler.’’ In reality, economics is a field of study that is constrained by numbers, but within those constraints, there lie large psychological variables and many external, often international, and often random variables. 
rule is far too simple to guide the monetary policy of a $17 trillion national economy interconnected with the economies in every part of the world. 
and counterfactual tirades that we listen to in our committee after the Republican financial collapse of 2007, that we want to keep politics as far away as possible from Federal Reserve monetary policy. 
policy is already guided, but not determined, by a number of complex, macroeconomic models. It is very far from ad hoc. In fact, at the heart of many of these models lies a variance of what is called the CobbDouglas production function. And the Douglas in that name is Senator Paul Douglas, an economist from the University of Chicago before he became a Senator and the author of some of the most influential papers in economics. My mother worked for Senator Paul Douglas when he was a Senator back in the 1950s, and when I see the level to which economic debate has fallen in this country from Senator Paul Douglas to what we see today, it breaks my heart. 
economies have changed since the Federal Reserve was formed. And the system deserves study, but this bill is not about studying the Federal Reserve. It is about subjecting it to the politics and the backseat driving that it often needs to overcome to meet its dual mandate. 
the independence of the Federal Reserve, and I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing it. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
the last 6 years, Americans have watched as the Federal Reserve has embarked on an interventionist monetary policy to an unprecedented degree. 
marked a dramatic departure from traditional monetary policy in the United States, and it resulted in a massive expansion of the Fed’s balance sheet to some $4.5 trillion. To put this number in perspective, that is almost five times the size of the Fed’s balance sheet before the financial crisis when it stood at $800 billion. It also represents onequarter of the total size of the U.S. economy. 
expansion and influence over the economy, the Fed has persistently failed to implement measures to increase transparency as to its decisionmaking. 
Americans continue to face a sluggish economy that has fallen far short of its potential, and they want to know the reasoning behind the Fed’s actions or lack thereof. This is particularly important for those who have saved money for their retirement, especially grandparents on fixed incomes, who are being directly harmed by the Fed’s decision to keep rates at near zero. They want transparency and answers from their government. 
I suggest also our citizens should understand why the Federal Reserve would take an unprecedented action to explode its balance sheet by more than 400 percent over 5 years. No one—no one—knows how this experiment will end up turning out. 
The legislation that we are considering today would implement important reforms to address these issues. To start, by requiring the Fed to explain the differences between its monetary policy decisions and a rigorously studied reference rule, the legislation would go far to improve the American public’s understanding of monetary policy and how it impacts their lives. 
analysis for any regulation that the Fed chooses to promulgate, it will ensure that all relevant costs are properly taken into account and that the Fed considers the full consequences of its actions in an open and understandable fashion. 
increasing transparency and improving how the Fed communicates its policy decisions to the American public. Contrary to what some claim, the legislation does not—does not—mandate any particular policy decisions, nor does it impact or threaten the Fed’s independence in setting monetary policy. In fact, few have made a better case for these sorts of reforms than Chair Yellen herself, who stated: ‘‘Transparency concerning Federal Reserve’s conduct of monetary policy is desirable because better public understanding enhances the effectiveness of policy.’’ 
openness serve to strengthen a democratic republic like ours. That is what this legislation is all about. 
Mr. Chairman, I inquire as to whether or not the chairman has more speakers. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
today in support of H.R. 3189, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act. 
the Federal Reserve’s independence when making monetary policy decisions. However, the American people rightly expect the Federal Reserve to be held accountable, too. They deserve to know exactly what the Federal Reserve does and to know that its rulemaking process is transparent and subjected to appropriate congressional oversight. 
and suburban Indiana counties, I know middle America is still struggling to get back on its feet after the 2008 financial crisis. Hardworking Hoosiers know they didn’t cause the financial collapse, but they are frustrated because the folks who did cause the crisis—bad actors in private industry and ineffective Federal banking regulators— haven’t been held accountable at all. 
Fed should be accountable and transparent in its decisionmaking, and H.R. 3189 is an important step towards that goal. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the muchneeded Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act. 
Minnesotans, like Robert from Becker and Kevin from Elk River, are correct in that the Fed is an ineffective and isolated government bureaucracy that is out of touch with the common man and the longterm needs of the American people. 
been a boon for a few. However, three rounds of this reckless tactic have inflated the Fed’s balance sheet to more than $4.5 trillion, threatening the economic stability of our Nation and the American Dream for many. 
surrounding the Fed’s discount window operations, open market operations, and agreements with foreign governments, which prevent market actors from knowing the information they need in order to prudently invest in the future. 
led the charge against the Fed with his Audit the Fed bill. Today we are building upon his legacy legislation. I would like to thank my colleague, Congressman HUIZENGA , for introducing the Fed 
Not only does this new legislation include Audit the Fed, but it also requires the Fed establish a monetary policy rule that will enable us to have a better idea of where the Fed is likely to move monetary policy. Additionally, the bill limits taxpayers’ exposure to bailouts by responsibly tightening the Fed’s emergency lending authority. 
Fed, before implementing any rule, to conduct a costbenefit analysis. This will give the American people a true sense of the economic impact any Fed proposal will have. It would also mandate the Fed, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and Treasury to disclose any positions they plan to take at international regulatory negotiations, enabling the American people and Congress to weigh in on international regulations that often adversely impact American business. 
the Federal Open Market Committee blackout period, mandate the Fed to disclose employees’ salaries, require the Chair of the Fed to participate in congressional hearings quarterly, and give more power to local district Fed Bank presidents over open market operations. 
I understand that many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle may be skeptical about reforming the Fed. However, it is important to remember that this legislation only enhances oversight, communication, and transparency. This legislation will in no way take away the Federal Reserve’s control of monetary policy, but it will provide us the tools to ensure 
for their work on this bill. I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on both sides? 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), the author of 
Chairman, I am taking this second opportunity to rise because I think we have heard a lot of misinformation out there, and there is a lot of fog that has been getting thrown up into the air. 
about accountability. This is not about Congress’ coming in and dictating to the Fed how to do business. They, the Fed, will set a benchmark that they will then be measured against. It is not we. It is not Congress saying what they will or will not do. It is they, themselves. That seems pretty reasonable. 
that, if we are ever finding ourselves in a position in which there are these massive bank bailouts that some would claim need to be done again, we would have a belt and suspenders way to approach it in that we would say not just two or three or four people are going to decide whether that is going to happen, but that we would actually get the regional Fed Bank Governors involved in that as well. We would say that 9 of the 12 of them have to agree with the decisions that are being made. 
We make sure that there is a redundancy, that we are not just rushing and plunging headlong. Ultimately, the goal is to make sure that we never have that situation happen again so that we never find ourselves in that situation of having to even have the discussion about whether we would have massive bank bailouts, which is what happened in 2009 under this administration. 
has been put into this. There are a lot of small details to it, but there are a lot of broad themes to it. At the end of the day, we know that this is the best thing not only for Congress, not only for the Fed, but, ultimately, for the American people as they are demanding us to hold an organization accountable that we in Congress created not in an unreasonable fashion, but in a way that is balanced, transparent, and that ultimately helps the stability of the U.S. economy. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I am going to take the unusual step 
of reading a letter from Janet Yellen, the Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Bank. I take this unusual step because the letter is so well written and explains in such a profound way why the bill that is before us is dangerous and problematic. 
‘‘Dear Mr. Speaker and Madam Leader: I am writing regarding the House of 
Representatives’ consideration of H.R. 3189, the Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act’’—known as the FORM Act—‘‘The FORM Act would severely impair the Federal Reserve’s ability to carry out its congressional mandate to foster maximum employment and stable prices and would undermine our ability to implement policies that are in the best interest of American businesses and consumers. This legislation would severely damage the U.S. economy were it to become law. 
‘‘There are a number of harmful provisions in the FORM Act, but the provisions concerning the conduct of monetary policy are especially troubling. Section 2 of the bill would require the Federal Reserve to establish a mathematical formula or ‘directive policy rule’ that would dictate how the Federal Open Market Committee adjusts the stance of monetary policy at every FOMC meeting. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) would be responsible for determining whether the rule adopted by the FOMC met all the criteria in the legislation. Any time the FOMC was judged not to be in compliance with the GAOapproved rule, the GAO would be required to conduct a full review of monetary policy and submit a report to the Congress. Moreover, the GAO would also be required to conduct a full review of monetary policy and report to the Congress any time the FOMC changed its policy rule. 
flawed for a number of reasons. Most importantly, the provisions effectively cast aside the bipartisan approach toward monetary policy oversight developed by the Congress in the late 1970s. Under that approach, the Congress establishes the longrun objectives for monetary policy but affords the Federal Reserve a considerable degree of independence in how it goes about achieving those statutory goals, thus ensuring that the conduct of monetary policy is insulated from political influence. This framework is now recognized as a fundamental principle of central banking around the world. The provisions of the FORM Act, in contrast, would effectively put the Congress and the GAO squarely in the role of reviewing shortrun monetary policy decisions and in a position to, in real time, influence the monetary policy deliberations leading to those decisions. 
strictly adhering to the prescriptions of a simple rule would lead to poor economic outcomes. There is no consensus among economists or policymakers 
suited to cover a wide range of scenarios. For example, even during the period known as the Great Moderation, in the 1980s and 1990s, when a simple rule might have been expected to work well, the actual level of the Federal funds rate often diverged substantially from the level prescribed by the reference rule included in the FORM Act. Indeed, for much of this period, monetary policy was actually tighter than what would have been the case under that rule. 
‘‘Even more tellingly, no simple policy rule has yet been devised that would adequately address the effective lower bound on the policy rate—a constraint that has been binding in the United States since late 2008. Had the FOMC been compelled to operate under a simple policy rule for the past six and a half years, the unemployment experience of that period would have been substantially more painful than it already was, and inflation would be even further below the FOMC’s 2 percent objective. Indeed, a recent study by the Federal Reserve economists suggests that the current unemployment rate would still be above 6 percent and inflation would now be running somewhat below zero, if the FOMC had not taken the actions it did but rather had followed the reference rule and made it clear that it would do so in the future. In other words, millions of Americans would have suffered unnecessary spells of joblessness over this period, generating enormous amounts of personal and collective damage that could have been avoided—and, in fact, was avoided because we had the latitude to use our available tools responsibly and forcefully. 
conduct a review specifically related to the ‘directive policy rule,’ Section 13 of the FORM Act also allows GAO to more broadly review and analyze the monetary policy decisions of the Federal Reserve at any time. This provision would politicize monetary policy and bring shortterm political pressures into the deliberations of the FOMC by putting into place realtime second guessing of policy decisions. Such action would undermine the independence of the Federal Reserve and likely lead to an increase in inflation fears and market interest rates, a diminished status of the dollar in global financial markets, and reduced economic and financial stability. 
premise—that the Federal Reserve is not subject to an audit. To the contrary, under existing law, the financial statements of the Federal Reserve System are audited annually by an independent accounting firm under the supervision of the Inspector General for the Board. 
are made publicly available and provided to Congress annually. The GAO may also conduct an audit of the 
Board’s financial statements and of transactions that the Federal Reserve conducts in the course of its lending and other activities. In addition, each week, the Federal Reserve publishes its balance sheet and charts of recent balance sheet trends as well as every security the Federal Reserve holds along with each security’s CUSIP number. Moreover, as specified in the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Federal Reserve now releases detailed transaction level information for all open market operations and discount window with a 2year lag. 
‘‘I am concerned about other provisions in the FORM Act as well, including the debilitating restrictions on the Federal Reserve’s emergency lending authorities. In the face of a future crisis—where collapse of the financial system is on the scale of the Great Depression or the recent financial crisis—I believe it is essential that the Federal 
Reserve have the emergency lending powers necessary in those circumstances to support the flow of credit to households and businesses and mitigate harm to the U.S. economy. The FORM Act would essentially repeal the Federal Reserve’s remaining ability to act in a crisis. I am also deeply troubled by provisions related to the Federal Reserve’s supervisory responsibilities, particularly those that would undermine the strength and effectiveness our stress tests and impede our ability to advocate internationally for standards that are in the best interest of U.S. businesses and consumers. 
‘‘Throughout my career and certainly during my many years working with the Federal Reserve System, I have been an advocate for greater openness and transparency. As Chair, I remain committed to these important issues. Accountability and transparency of public institutions are critical in a democratic society. Unfortunately, the FORM Act attempts to increase transparency and accountability through misguided provisions that would expose the Federal Reserve to shortterm political pressures. For these reasons, I urge the House not to adopt the FORM Act. The bill would severely impair the Federal Reserve’s ability to carry out its congressional mandate and would be a grave mistake, detrimental to the economy and the American people.’’ 
I don’t think it could be better stated. I think the letter that I just read from Janet Yellen tells it all. It simply warns us about the danger of this bill. It not only warns us. It does it in such a way that everybody can understand it and would not want to put this economy and this country at such a risky position. I am hopeful that the Members will hear this. We will make copies available to everyone. Vote against this bill. 
Administration Policy from the Executive Office of the President, Office of Management and Budget: ‘‘H.R. 3189 would establish requirements for policy rules, codify blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, establish a costbenefit requirement for other rulemakings by the Federal Reserve Board, and establish numerous, burdensome reporting requirements for the Federal Reserve Board and its members. The Administration therefore strongly opposes H.R. 3189. 
‘‘The Federal Reserve is an independent entity designed to be free from political pressures, and its independence is key to its credibility and its ability to act in the longterm interest of the Nation’s economic health. One of the most problematic provisions in the bill would require the Comptroller General to audit the conduct of monetary policy by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Open Market Committee. The operations of the Federal Reserve are already subject to numerous audit requirements that ensure it is accountable to the Congress and the American people. The only aspect of the Federal Reserve’s operations not subject to audit is its monetary policy decisionmaking, and for good reason. Subjecting the Federal Reserve’s exercise of monetary policy authority to audits based on political whims of Members of the Congress—of either party—threatens one of the central pillars of the Nation’s financial system and economy, and would almost certainly have negative impacts on the Federal Reserve’s work to promote price stability and full employment. 
‘‘H.R. 3189 also would impose numerous, burdensome requirements for the Federal Reserve Board rulemaking authorities, including the imposition of a duplicative requirement that the Federal Reserve Board undertake a proscriptive costbenefit analysis and a postadoption impact assessment when promulgating rules. When a Federal agency, including an independent agency such as the Federal Reserve, promulgates a regulation, the agency must adhere to the robust substantive and procedural requirements of Federal law, including the Administrative Procedure Act, the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the Paperwork Reduction Act, and the Congressional Review Act, among other statutes. Additionally, Executive Order 13579 encourages independent regulatory agencies to conduct reasoned costbenefit analysis, engage in public participation to the extent feasible, and conduct a systematic retrospective review of regulations.’’ 
I can’t read it all, but if the President was presented with H.R. 3189, his senior advisers would recommend that he veto this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, 
the ranking member for the last 13 minutes has let us know that the President and his bureaucratic appointees don’t want any more transparency and accountability. I don’t particularly find a news flash in that. 
for Chair Yellen. I both like and respect her. I have never encountered a bureaucrat who didn’t want more money, more power, less transparency, and less accountability. She is no different. The DoddFrank Act has vastly expanded the powers of the Federal Reserve. 
purposes, they have the ability to actually come in and de facto manage any large financial institution in America. The government has that power. It is a frightening power that has been given by DoddFrank, and transparency and accountability is demanded. 
In addition, we have a Federal Reserve taking monetary policy and tools to a place it has never been before. At a bare minimum, it owes the people’s elected Representatives, the Congress, some transparency on why it is doing what it is doing. 
Members to actually read the bill before they claim to know what is in the bill. The Federal Reserve maintains its monetary policy independence, as it should. But it must explain to the rest of us what that is and why they choose to deviate from it if they believe economic circumstances warrant. Again, if they want to base monetary policy on the Taylor rule, so be it. If they want to base it on a rousing game of rock, paper, and scissors, so be it. The American people demand answers because this economy is still underperforming. It is not working for working people. This has to change. 
monetary policy stimulus in our Nation’s history, but yet it does not work for working people, and the poor continue to follow behind. 
Michigan does is bring about needed transparency and accountability to the most powerful economic agency in government today. It is demanded by the vast increases in power by the Dodd Frank Act. The American people deserve answers. We should enact it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114– 35, modified by the amendment printed in the part B of House Report 114–341, is adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
the ‘‘Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘FORM Act of 2015’’. 
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
at a Federal Reserve bank by depository institutions established by Federal Open Market Committee. 
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
The Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 221 et seq.) 
is amended by inserting after section 2B the following new section: 
domestic product of the United States as computed and published by the Department of Commerce. 
the Federal Open Market Committee as a necessary input to guide openmarket operations; 
method of calculation for, the current rate of inflation or current inflation expectations; and 
variable or estimate is historical, current, or a forecast and the method of calculation, at least one of— 
compiled by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and Federal reserve banks; 
day’ means a day on which either House of Congress is in session. 
The term ‘Open Market Operations Directive’ means an order to achieve a specified Policy Instrument Target provided to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York by the Federal Open Market Committee pursuant to powers authorized under section 14 of this Act that guide openmarket operations. 
‘Policy Instrument Target’ means the target for the Policy Instrument specified in the Open Market Operations Directive. 
the real GDP from an estimate of potential GDP. 
rate of inflation over the previous four quarters and two percent. 
Not later than 48 hours after the end of a meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee, the Chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the Comptroller General of the United States a Directive Policy Rule and a statement that identifies the members of the Federal Open Market Committee who voted in favor of the Rule. 
models the interactive relationship between the Intermediate Policy Inputs; 
Policy Rule that generate the current Policy Instrument Target and a range of predicted future values for the Policy Instrument Target if changes occur in any Intermediate Policy Input; 
supply of bank reserves to achieve the Policy Instrument Target; 
which the Directive Policy Rule may be amended in the future; 
expected to support the economy in achieving stable prices and maximum natural employment over the long term; and 
mathematical precision the expected annual inflation rate over a 5year period. 
if requested by the chairman of either of the appropriate congressional committees, not later than 7 legislative days after such request, testify before such committee as to why the Directive Policy Rule, the updated version, or the Federal Open Market Committee is not in compliance. 
U.S.C. 263) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
the only public communications that may be made by members and staff of the Committee with respect to macroeconomic or financial developments or about current or prospective monetary policy issues are the following: 
surveys, and reports that have been cleared for publication by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
day that is one week prior to the date on which such meeting takes place; and 
prohibit the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from participating in or issuing public communications.’’. 
by the board of directors’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘One by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of New York and Boston; one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Philadelphia and Cleveland; one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Richmond and Atlanta; one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Chicago and St. Louis; one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Minneapolis and Kansas City; and one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Dallas and San Francisco.’’; and 
following: ‘‘In odd numbered calendar years, one representative shall be elected from each of the Federal Reserve Banks of Boston, Philadelphia, Richmond, Chicago, Minneapolis, and Dallas. In evennumbered calendar years, one representative shall be elected from each of the Federal Reserve Banks of New York, Cleveland, Atlanta, St. Louis, Kansas City, and San Francisco.’’. 
SUPERVISORY LETTERS FOR THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
models used to estimate losses on certain assets; and 
Comptroller General of the United States and the Panel of Economic Advisors of the Congressional Budget Office before publishing such regulations;’’; and 
the following: ‘‘, including any results of a resubmitted test’’. 
of such Act is further amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
are designated as ‘Matters Requiring Attention’ and the aggregate number of such letters that are designated as ‘Matters Requiring Immediate Attention’.’’. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM TO CONGRESS. 
the following: ‘‘In each such appearance, the Vice Chairman for Supervision shall provide written testimony that includes the status of all pending and anticipated rulemakings that are being made by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. If, at the time of any appearance described in this paragraph, the position of Vice Chairman for Supervision is vacant, the Vice Chairman for the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (who has the responsibility to serve in the absence of the Chairman) shall appear instead and provide the required written testimony. If, at the time of any appearance described in this paragraph, both Vice Chairman positions are vacant, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall appear instead and provide the required written testimony.’’. 
OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
the problem that the proposed regulation is designed to address and assess the significance of that problem; 
warranted or, with respect to a proposed regulation that the Board of Governors is required to issue by statute and with respect to which the Board has the authority to exempt certain persons from the application of such regulation, compare— 
under which the Board exempts all persons from the application of the proposed regulation, to the extent the Board is able; 
costs and benefits of the proposed regulation and propose or adopt a regulation only on a reasoned determination that the benefits of the proposed regulation outweigh the costs of the regulation; 
to the proposed regulation that were considered, including any alternative offered by a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee and including any modification of an existing regulation, together with an explanation of why the regulation meets the regulatory objectives more effectively than the alternatives; and 
accessible, consistent, written in plain language, and easy to understand and shall measure, and seek to improve, the actual results of regulatory requirements. 
and how to regulate, the Board shall assess the costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives, including the alternative of not regulating, and choose the approach that maximizes net benefits. Specifically, the Board shall— 
‘‘(ii) evaluate whether the regulation is inconsistent, incompatible, or duplicative of other Federal regulations; and 
that the Board is required to issue by statute and with respect to which the Board has the authority to exempt certain persons from the application of such regulation, compare— 
under which the Board exempts all persons from the application of the proposed regulation, to the extent the Board is able. 
Board shall explain in its final rule the nature of comments that it received and shall provide a response to those comments in its final rule, including an explanation of any changes that were made in response to those comments and the reasons that the Board did not incorporate concerns related to the potential costs or benefits in the final rule. 
‘‘(iii) Appropriate postimplementation quantitative and qualitative metrics to measure the economic impact of the regulation and the extent to which the regulation has accomplished the stated purpose of the regulation. 
‘‘(iv) Any reasonably foreseeable indirect effects that may result from the regulation. 
plan required under this paragraph shall consider the costs, benefits, and intended and unintended consequences of the regulation. The plan shall specify the data to be collected, the methods for collection and analysis of the data, and a date for completion of the assessment. The assessment plan shall include an analysis of any jobs added or lost as a result of the regulation, differentiating between public and private sector jobs. 
‘‘(ii) SUBMISSION AND PUBLICATION OF RE PORT.—The Board shall, not later than 2 years 
after the publication of the adopting release, publish the assessment plan in the Federal Register for notice and comment. If the Board determines, at least 90 days before the deadline for publication of the assessment plan, that an extension is necessary, the Board shall publish a notice of such extension and the specific reasons why the extension is necessary in the Federal Register. Any material modification of the assessment plan, as necessary to assess unforeseen aspects or consequences of the regulation, shall be promptly published in the Federal Register for notice and comment. 
‘‘(iii) DATA COLLECTION NOT SUBJECT TO NO TICE AND COMMENT REQUIREMENTS .—If the 
after publication of the assessment plan in the Federal Register, the Board shall issue for notice and comment a proposal to amend or rescind the regulation, or shall publish a notice that the Board has determined that no action will be taken on the regulation. Such a notice will be deemed a final agency action. 
the formal rulemaking provisions of section 556 or 557 of title 5, United States Code; 
‘‘(ii) a regulation that is limited to the organization, management, or personnel matters of the Board of Governors; 
statutory authority that expressly prohibits compliance with this provision; or 
Board of Governors to be an emergency action, if such certification is published in the Federal Register.’’. 
section shall apply to the requirements regarding the conduct of monetary policy described in section 2. 
OFFICE STAFF OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
and employees of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall be subject to the provisions under section 4401.102 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, to the same extent as such provisions apply to an employee of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
members and employees of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall— 
maintain, as well as those in which they control trading or have a financial interest (including managed accounts, trust accounts, investment club accounts, and the accounts of spouses or minor children who live with the member or employee); and 
that the member or employee is required to disclose to the Board of Governors, authorize their brokers and dealers to send duplicate 
members and employees of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall be subject to— 
regulations of the Office of Personnel Management under part 735 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations; 
C of part 200 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to the same extent as such subpart applies to the employees of the Securities and Exchange Commission; and 
of members and employees and former members and employees contained in subpart M of part 200 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to the same extent as such subpart applies to the employees of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248), as amended by section 9 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
least 30 calendar days before any member or employee of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Board of Governors shall— 
the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
including on the website of the Board of Governors; and 
At least 90 calendar days before any member or employee of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Board of Governors shall— 
including on the website of the Board of Governors; and 
least 30 calendar days before the Board of Directors participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Board of Directors shall— 
the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
Board of Directors participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Board of Directors shall— 
title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
least 30 calendar days before the Secretary participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Secretary shall— 
the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
including on the website of the Department of the Treasury; and 
At least 90 calendar days before the Secretary participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Secretary shall— 
including on the website of the Department of the Treasury; and 
LXII of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 21 et seq.) is amended— 
least 30 calendar days before the Comptroller of the Currency participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Comptroller of the Currency shall— 
the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
including on the website of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; and 
Comptroller of the Currency participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Board of Directors shall— 
including on the website of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; and 
by adding at the end the following new item: 
REQUIREMENTS .—Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
least 30 calendar days before the Commission participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Commission shall— 
the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
At least 90 calendar days before the Commission participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Commission shall— 
of not less than nine presidents of the Federal reserve banks’’ after ‘‘five members’’; 
following: ‘‘Federal reserve banks may not accept equity securities issued by the recipient of any loan or other financial assistance under this paragraph as collateral. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this sentence, the Board shall, by rule, establish— 
‘‘(II) acceptable classes of collateral; ‘‘(III) the amount of any discount of such 
value that the Federal reserve banks will apply for purposes of calculating the sufficiency of collateral under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(IV) a method for obtaining independent appraisals of the value of collateral the Federal reserve banks receive.’’; and 
after the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Board shall, with respect to a recipient of any loan or other financial assistance under this paragraph, establish by rule a minimum interest rate on the principal amount of any loan or other financial assistance. 
rate of all Federal Reserve banks over the most recent 90day period; and 
distressed corporate bond yield index (as defined by rule of the Board) and a bond yield index of debt issued by the United States (as defined by rule of the Board) over the most recent 90day period. 
‘‘(iv) the available members secure the affirmative vote of not less than nine presidents of the Federal reserve banks.’’. 
FOR THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
Speaker of the House, the majority and minority leaders of the House of Representatives, the majority and minority leaders of the Senate, the Chairman and Ranking Member of the committee and each subcommittee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and the Senate, and any other Member of Congress who requests the report. 
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall include, as part of the monthly Federal Reserve statistical release titled ‘‘Industrial Production or Capacity Utilization’’ (or any successor release), an analysis of— 
statistical release due to the operation of the ExportImport Bank; and 
Section 4 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 
(relating to Class B), by striking ‘‘and consumers’’ and inserting ‘‘consumers, and traditionally underserved communities and populations’’; and 
the power ‘‘to coin money, regulate the value thereof’’. 
the Panic of 1907, Congress established the National Monetary Commission to provide recommendations for the reform of the financial and monetary systems of the United States. 
1913. As currently organized, the Federal Reserve System consists of the Board of Governors in Washington, District of Columbia, and the Federal Reserve Banks organized into 12 districts around the United States. The stockholders of the 12 Federal Reserve Banks include national and certain Statechartered commercial banks, which operate on a fractional reserve basis. 
System a financial stability mandate to serve as the lender of last resort to solvent but illiquid banks during a financial crisis. 
mandate of the Federal Reserve System to a dual mandate for maximum employment and stable prices. 
both within the United States and in other countries, demonstrate that price stability is desirable because both inflation and deflation damage the economy. 
most notably the bursting of the housing bubble, the financial crisis of 2008, and the ensuing anemic recovery—have occurred at great cost in terms of lost jobs and output. 
engaged in multiple rounds of quantitative easing, providing unprecedented liquidity to financial markets, while committing to holding short term interest rates low for a seemingly indefinite period, and pursuing a policy of credit allocation by purchasing Federal agency debt and mortgagebacked securities. 
actions of the Federal Reserve System, Congress—consistent with its constitutional responsibilities and as it has done periodically throughout the history of the United States— has once again renewed its examination of monetary policy. 
renewed look at what is the most proper mandate for the Federal Reserve System to conduct monetary policy in the 21st century. 
(ii) price level targeting; (iii) inflation rate targeting; (iv) nominal gross domestic product targeting 
the House of Representatives, with four members from the majority party and two members from the minority party. 
Pro Tempore of the Senate, with four members from the majority party and two members from the minority party. 
Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate shall jointly designate one of the members of the Commission as Chairman. 
(ii) One member who is the president of a district Federal reserve bank appointed by the Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. 
the Commission shall be appointed not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this section. 
shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. 
hold its initial meeting and begin the operations of the Commission as soon as is practicable. 
shall meet upon the call of the Chair or a majority of its members. 
Commission shall constitute a quorum but a lesser number may hold hearings. 
subsection, the term ‘‘Member of Congress’’ means a Senator or a Representative in, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
or, on the authority of the Commission, any subcommittee or member thereof, may, for the purpose of carrying out this section, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, receive evidence, or administer oaths as the Commission or such subcommittee or member thereof considers appropriate. 
the amounts provided in advance in appropriation Acts, the Commission may contract with and compensate government and private agencies or persons to enable the Commission to discharge its duties under this section, without regard to section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5). 
such department, bureau, agency, board, commission, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality of the government shall, to the extent authorized by law, furnish such information upon request made by— 
by a majority of the commission to request such information. 
Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission on a reimbursable basis administrative support and other services for the performance of the functions of the Commission. 
use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the United States. 
by the Commission, the Chair may appoint and fix the pay of the executive director and other personnel as the Chair considers appropriate. 
The staff of the Commission may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of level V of the Executive Schedule. 
between the submission of its report and its termination for the purpose of concluding its activities, including providing testimony to the committee of Congress concerning its report. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $1,000,000, which shall remain available until the date on which the Commission terminates. 
in the surplus fund of the bank’’ and inserting ‘‘transferred to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for transfer to the Secretary of the Treasury for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury’’; and 
Reserve banks shall transfer all of the funds of the surplus funds of such banks to the Board of Governers of the Federal Reserve System for transfer to the Secretary of the Treasury for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury. 
amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part C of House Report 114–341. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part C of House Report 114–341. 
House Resolution 529, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
debate that seems to have mostly revolved around a philosophical point. On the one hand, you have arguments for increased transparency and accountability. On the other hand, you have arguments against increased political interference by this institution. I have always proceeded with the assumption that philosophical debates are irreconcilable in a lot of regards because you have to presume that the other side has a point of view. 
This is not why I oppose the underlying bill. Although I hasten to add, why anybody would ever want to give more authority and control over the levers of the economy to this institution, with its track record in the last several years, including government shutdowns and the like, is beyond me. Again, it is a philosophical debate. 
proposed in this bill doesn’t work. It does not work. Let’s back up. Essentially, color it any way you want, this bill argues for the adoption of the so called Taylor rule. What is that? 
The Taylor rule was devised by Professor Taylor of Stanford in the 1990s, looking back at the experience of the economy and what the Fed had done using a mixture of GDP, GDP potential and inflation, and he derived a formula. The problem is, again, it does not work. That is why I have offered this amendment, which would provide the Fed the ability to opt out, if we get to a stressful situation where clearly the application of the Taylor rule wasn’t working. 
Here is the deal. I can prove to you 
that the Taylor rule wouldn’t work. Let me show you. We have had a couple of instances in recent history in which we can test the application of the Taylor rule, both against the Fed’s mission to achieve price stability as well as achieve full employment. 
1983. The red line is what the chair of the Fed, Mr. Volcker, utilized in the way of the actual Fed fund rates. The blue line is the Taylor rule. You can see that for many years, Mr. Volcker opted for a 5percent increase over what the Taylor rule would have been. You can also see that Mr. Volcker was right, that he broke inflation. 
to 14 percent home mortgages and a 17 to 18 percent inflation rate, we should—— 
Mr. HECK of Washington. I yield myself an additional 30 seconds. 
beginning back in 2010, substantially higher interest rates when unemployment rates were still unacceptably high. The Taylor rule doesn’t work. Adopt my amendment. 
do rise in opposition to the amendment. The gentleman has clearly stated he doesn’t like the underlying bill, so his amendment simply guts the underlying bill and allows the Fed to opt out of the underlying bill. 
I have listened carefully to the gentleman’s interest and what he recited about the Taylor rule, but again I would encourage him to read the bill because he would then know, as I suspect that he does, that the Federal Reserve under the FORM Act is not mandated to follow the Taylor rule. It is simply a comparison. So, if the Taylor rule is as bad as the gentleman claims it will be, then the FORM Act will reveal that to all the world. All the world will know this. 
However, I think if we study economic history carefully, what we will discover is that, when the Fed used a more predictable, rulesbased monetary policy to where investors and businesses actually had some idea of what interest rates would be, the economy would flourish, as it did during the great moderation. 
Fed to use any monetary policy it wishes, to change the policy, to deviate from the policy, but it has to communicate that to the rest. That is essentially what the FORM Act says. It is about communication. It doesn’t tell them how to conduct the policy. It does tell them how to communicate the policy to the American people, who deserve to know this from the single most important economic agency of government today. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. I appreciate the chairman yielding to me on this. 
is the case. This is merely a benchmark guideline to measure against. In fact, in committee, when Chair Yellen was testifying in front of our committee, I suggested that, if they saw problems, that they would then put a floor or put a ceiling on any movement that could happen within that timeframe. I thought I gave a very helpful suggestion that we call it the Yellen rule at that point, and she can claim credit for 
front of me. The bill stipulates: ‘‘Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require.’’ That is what the act says on a formal policy directive. ‘‘If the Federal Open Market Committee determines that such plans cannot or should not be achieved due to changing market conditions.’’ 
When we have an economy that is underperforming, where had we only had the average recovery in the post war era every man, woman, and child in America would have $6,000 more, millions would be back to work, I think the American people deserve to ask some hard questions. 
with this argument on independence. Mr. Chairman, the Board of Governors have 14year terms—second only to lifetime appointments to the bench— 14year terms, independent funding of the congressional appropriations process. And so now we don’t want them to answer some questions. 
are asked some tough questions by Members of Congress? Are they that delicate that they can’t conduct monetary policy if in an open committee hearing they have to answer questions? I think the American people, Mr. Chairman, are saying: Give me a break. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1
Where is it? Bring it. If it is not the 
Taylor rule, it is some other rule that is going to work magically to achieve price stability and full employment, you think it exists somewhere? 
referenced in the bill. You say: But it isn’t required. 
your hand. It is time to lay your cards down. If there is actually some kind of mathematical magic formula that can always trump human judgment and changing economic circumstances, lay it on the table. But you haven’t done it. 
glad to yield to the gentleman from Texas out of my extreme respect for both you and the prime sponsor of the bill. 
it a rule or a method or approach, the Fed is already doing something. They are looking at variables, and they are making decisions. All we are asking is that they communicate that to the rest of the American people. Ask them what their rule is. We would like to know. That is what the FORM Act is all about. 
is to break the back of inflation. Their rule is to achieve increased employment. That is the rule they use. Exercising, yes, judgment based upon ever changing economic circumstances. 
But to suggest that you can arbitrarily apply a formula without being willing to advance the formula, you want disclosure, you want transparency? Start with you. Put your rule on the table. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Again, it is up to 
the Fed. You can’t argue this both ways. The FORM Act is not imposing a rule. The Fed says that it is data dependent. What is the data? What is the reaction function? Tell us what you are doing. If you decide tomorrow morning you want to do it differently, that is fine. Just tell the rest of us. 
underperform, an economy that continues to suffer, monetary policy ought to be made clear and transparent to the American people. That is what the FORM Act demands. 
Chairman, I don’t trust Congress enough for us to come up with the rule, which is why I wrote into the bill that the Fed develops the rule, the guideline, the benchmark that they put forward. We know they do this already. They look at the Taylor rule, they look at a number of other models, and they then go advance forward with the best policy that they think is the right thing. We are just asking them to communicate that to Congress and the American people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, with all due respect to my friend from Michigan, you didn’t put the formula in the bill because it doesn’t exist. If it did, you would have put it in. If there would have been an absolute magic formula that would keep this economy at full employment and price stability, we would have it on the table, but no such formula exists. That is why you didn’t put it in the bill. It doesn’t exist. 
to do the job to achieve price stability and full employment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WOODALL ). 
The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part C of House Report 114–341. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 7, line 3, strike the period at the end 
House Resolution 529, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) and a 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
amendment is to ask the Fed to build a time machine because, frankly, that is the only way that this bill works. 
that, when Mr. Taylor, Professor Taylor, devised his study, which was groundbreaking, was important, he did so in the 1990s, looking back over the previous 10 years which, as I indicated earlier, was an unusually fairly stable period of time, unusually fairly stable, not an exceptional performance, good or bad, in the economy. 
that had been updated over time, because, you see, the Bureau of Economic Analysis doesn’t just do one fixed number that people get to rely on. In fact, in the first year they put out not one, not two, but three updates, called the advanced estimate, the preliminary estimate, and the final estimate. 
Ronco ad. The next year they update again. That is called the annual reestimate. But wait, there is more. Every 5 years they do a benchmark reestimate. That is the data that Professor Taylor had the advantage of. 
or apply the Taylor rule or any such thing like it, which does not exist, is to ask them to have the benefit of data which is not final. 
month when the unemployment numbers come out, I have begun to view them pretty skeptically over the years. We all know the reason for that: because they get revised so much—so much. 
Obama’s first term, when he indicated, as is often cited, that he would act to get unemployment no higher than 8 percent, he was doing so on the basis of the first estimate, which said it was 6.7 percent or something like that. The revision was 7.8 percent 3 months later. 
So the fact of the matter is the Taylor rule or anything like it has the advantage of hindsight, which no rule can fully incorporate. 
for it, vote against it—is if you want to do this, build yourself a time machine, because that is the only way you can reasonably, with any sense of scholarship and solid research, be able to devise a formula that would work because we don’t know the conditions 
ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
just to throw my friend and colleague a curve ball, I will support his amendment. Although, I must admit, I am somewhat surprised and shocked, given the debate of the last, that he would want to interfere in the independence of the Fed and require them to use fully revised data. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I am not often speechless in the face of my friend from Texas’ remarks. 
Look, we cannot perform a calculation without accurate data. If you are going to join me and throw in with H. G. Wells and a great heritage of both literature and cinema history regarding time travel, then I can do nothing but shockingly accept your gracious support of this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part C of House Report 114–341. 
Page 45, line 7, strike ‘‘the audit’’ and insert ‘‘each audit’’. 
House Resolution 529, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) and a 
amendment would simply make the onetime audit required by section 13 of this bill an annual audit. A 2011 GAO audit of the Fed, the only independent Fed audit in its 102year history, detailed how the United States provided at least $16 trillion in loans to bail out American and foreign banks and businesses. 
a great advantage in how to avoid waste, fraud, and abuse at the Fed. I 
ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
want to thank the gentleman from Florida for his amendment. I rise in support of the amendment. 
The FORM Act provides for GAO audits of the Federal Reserve but is silent as to the frequency of when audits should occur. I think the gentleman makes a compelling case. 
audit the Fed on an annual basis, and it will serve to help inform Congress and the American people with regular updates on the Fed’s activities. It will promote greater transparency and accountability, which is the objective of the bill. 
amendment. I thank the gentleman for his leadership here. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part C of House Report 114–341. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part C of House Report 114–341. 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
Reserve Act, (12 U.S.C. 222 et seq.) is amended— 
the following: ‘‘One such Federal reserve districts shall be for Northern California (located in San Francisco), one such district shall be for Southern California (located in Los Angeles), and one such district shall be for Florida (located in Orlando). The border between the two California districts shall be drawn so that the districts are contiguous and compact, the population of the districts is approximately equal, and the districts do not divide any California county border as in existence on the date of enactment of this sentence.’’ 
of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘twelve’’ and inserting ‘‘fifteen’’. 
House Resolution 529, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) and a 
amendment would increase the number of Federal Reserve Districts from 12 to 15. The three new districts would be for northern California, southern California, and Florida; based in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Orlando. No current Federal Reserve banks would be relocated as a result. 
Take a look at the map to my right 
and you will see a map that is over a century old. The Federal Reserve Districts have not been updated significantly since they were first established in 1913—102 years ago. It is time to bring our Federal Reserve Districts into the 21st century. 
represents everywhere from Utah to the Pacific Ocean, including Alaska and Hawaii. The three new districts would be centered in three of the fastest growing regions of our country in terms of both population and economic growth. 
Francisco, had only 6 percent of the population of the United States. In 2000, it had 19 percent, or 65 million Americans. 
districts designed originally a century ago to have equal population have reached the point where one district has 10 times the population of another district. 
now includes a total of nine States jumbled together, California and eight surrounding States. Similarly, the district including Florida and the neighboring States has grown to 45 million Americans—twice the average. It combines Florida and five neighboring States. It is time for the Fed to recognize this change in where Americans live. 
the court systems over the year. The tenth circuit was taken out of the eighth circuit when the population increased to the point where it was no longer sustainable as a single circuit court. 
Similarly, the 11th circuit—my circuit—was carved out of the fifth circuit for exactly the same reason. But the Fed districts have remained static now for a century. 
I am proud to introduce this amendment to modernize the Federal Service to more accurately reflect who we are as Americans and where we live and where we work. 
Mr. Chair, while I appreciate the spirit of the amendment, which seeks to ensure that the most populous regions of the country have adequate representation within the Federal Reserve system, I am concerned that the amendment does not fully contemplate the implications of adding the additional reserve districts. 
add a Federal Reserve District headquartered in San Francisco, a city which is already home to a Federal Reserve bank. Furthermore, the current Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco has a number of branches located throughout the West, including one in Los Angeles, a city which would be home to another Federal Reserve Bank under the gentleman from Florida’s amendment. 
Rather than add an additional Reserve Bank or additional Reserve Banks to the Federal Reserve system, I respectfully submit that the desired effects of this amendment to provide greater diverse range of views across our country could more usefully be achieved without increasing the number of regional Reserve Banks and within the confines of the current system. 
want to—I guess to put it civilly—gently oppose the amendment from the gentleman from Florida. 
does make some good points. These Federal Reserve Districts, in some respects, are anachronistic. They were derived from our early 20th century history. I do believe that it is a subject that needs to be looked at. I am just not prepared to say today that the gentleman has necessarily gotten it right. 
There is probably something very humorous today about siting a Federal Reserve Bank in the same city as Disney World. I will refrain from making any such humorous references. 
makes a good point. I would like this issue to go through regular order. I believe it is a matter that Chairman HUIZENGA and the Monetary Policy and 
Trade Subcommittee of our full committee will be taking a look at: Are these appropriate cities for the Federal Reserve Banks to be sited? 
bringing the matter to the House’s attention, I thank him for bringing it to my attention, but I am not prepared to say that San Francisco, L.A., or Orlando are necessarily the places that Federal Reserve Banks ought to end up, without going through regular 
So I want to look at the matter, but 
I would otherwise encourage Members at this time to reject the amendment of the gentleman from Florida. I would ask the House to reject the amendment at this time. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part C of House Report 114–341. 
U.S.C. 263), as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
House Resolution 529, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment No. 6 is an amendment that addresses the transparency that we have heard much dialogue about in the debate here on the floor, especially from members of the Financial Services Committee. 
that the records of the Federal Open Market Committee be recorded, in the same fashion that our committee meetings are recorded, and made public. 
for the U.S. economy, but there is no law that compels the Fed to release FOMC meeting transcripts to the public. The details of the meetings are crucial for an accurate understanding of how the Fed views the state of the economy and the reasoning behind Fed policy and actions. That has also been a significant part of our debate here with the underlying bill. 
keep a transcript, keep a record, and make that record public. It compels those transcripts to be made public so that those of us here in the United States Congress, but also people in households and businesses across the country, can have a look into the decisions that are made and especially the rationale behind those decisions of the full proceedings of the Federal Open Market Committee. 
these transcripts publicly available. That is what my amendment does. It requires the FOMC to do the same. And I would urge its adoption. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
of Georgia). The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chair, the amendment would, at best, duplicate the Federal Reserve’s current policy regarding the disclosure of transcripts and, at worst, falsely imply that the Federal Reserve would be prohibited from exercising its discretion in determining when to release FOMC meeting transcripts in accordance with prudent monetary policy. After all, communication in and of itself is a key monetary policy tool, and it would be unwise to tie the Fed’s hands when it comes to using it. 
the Federal Reserve to strike the appropriate balance between transparency and the disclosure of potentially marketmoving information, particularly at a time of financial stress, would have significant adverse impacts on our economy and could, in turn, have a chilling effect on monetary policy deliberations. 
To underscore the fact that this potentially harmful amendment is completely unnecessary, I think it is also worth pointing out that the Federal Reserve is already a leader among central banks in advanced economies when it comes to making its transcripts available to the public. 
transcripts with a 5year lag, other advanced economies have adopted requirements to release transcripts after much longer periods. Japan’s Central Bank releases transcripts to the public after 10 years, and the European Union releases transcripts after 20 years. 
to the public, the Federal Reserve employs a range of additional measures to enhance the public’s understanding of the Federal Open Market Committee’s views and expectations. For example, the Federal Reserve issues a statement following the conclusion of each of its meetings that includes the Federal Reserve’s policy decisions and its rationale, includes the vote of each FOMC member, and provides a short summary of any dissenting views. 
The Federal Reserve also releases detailed minutes that are released on a 3 week lag following each FOMC meeting. The minutes contain a detailed discussion of the policy deliberations and the range of views that were presented and includes votes on each policy action taken by each FOMC member. 
Reserve gives a press conference following each FOMC meeting for which a summary of economic projections is 
prepared, amounting to four press conferences each year. This provides the opportunity for the Chair to explain her views and respond to questions from the financial press. 
Market Committee also published a statement of longerrun goals and monetary policy strategy in which it outlined how it would assess its compliance with statutory mandates to promote full employment and price stability. Subsequently, in September 2014, the Federal Reserve published a statement outlining its policy, normalization principles, and plans. 
required by law, regularly testifies before the House and Senate on monetary policy matters on no less than two occasions a year. Chairman Yellen has made herself available to testify on regulatory matters at the request of Congress. 
So, all of this is to say that claims 
that the Federal Reserve lacks transparency or doesn’t communicate its thinking to the public just don’t hold up to the facts. 
ask unanimous consent to modify my amendment with the form I have placed at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. 
The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 6 offered by Mr. KINGof Iowa: 
Page 53, line 4, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 53, line 11, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
and employment targets of the ‘‘dual mandate’’ (both from the creation of the dual mandate in 1977 until the present time and estimates of the future effect of the dual mandate ) on— 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
want to thank the ranking member for her cooperation and opportunity to have this debate, and I will just address it briefly. 
known as the dual mandate. The dual mandate set the goals of the Federal 
Reserve System and the Federal Open Market Committee to include goals of maximum employment and stable prices. 
whether the tension of those two issues has brought about decisions of the Fed that might have otherwise been different, and so this amendment requires a study to be done in order to take a look at the effects of the dual mandate. It is pretty simple that way, and I urge its support and adoption. 
And in response to the gentlewoman’s comments, I would just remind Members of Congress that we do keep records in all of our proceedings. There is a transcript taking place right now of these proceedings, of each of our committees and subcommittees. They are available to the public, and, in fact, we are on C–SPAN with almost all of our subcommittees and committees today. 
and there is much sunlight on what we do. And yet, many of the decisions that we make here have far less impact on the American citizen than the decisions made by the Fed. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chair, continuing time in opposition, first, the notion that the Federal Reserve’s largescale asset purchases did not help the economy and job growth is simply false. The forceful and 
sustained actions that the Federal Reserve took in recent years to bring us out of a recession and into recovery are welldocumented and cannot be overlooked. 
For instance, the November jobs report showed the economy added a whopping 271,000 jobs in October, pushing the unemployment rate down and, even further, to 5 percent and bringing the total number of private sector jobs created to more than 13.3 million over the past 68 months. 
Second, the amendment’s implication that the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy has added to the U.S. national debt is also demonstrably false. Although raising revenue is not the purpose of monetary policy, as a consequence of the Federal Reserve’s actions in recent years, it has generated substantial sums in the hundreds of billions of dollars which has returned to the Treasury. These sums have reduced the deficit, not contributed to it. 
the Federal Reserve and taking steps to undermine their independence, all of us really should be thanking them for what they have done to get our economy back on track. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ). 
House to adopt his amendment. With respect to full transcripts of the FOMC meetings, all this is doing is simply codifying a current practice. It is simply to make sure that there is a transparency, at least this level of transparency, that the Fed doesn’t backslide. 
the truth is the Fed has many mandates and they all ought to be examined. The Fed has been around for 100 years. It is time to poke under the hood. That is why we are having the Centennial Monetary Commission, and I think it is important that we take a good look to see if, at times, these are working at cross purposes. 
for his leadership. I urge all Members to adopt his amendment. 
on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WALKER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3189) to amend the Federal Reserve Act to establish requirements for policy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open 
Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 529, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the Aurora Regional Chamber of Commerce in Aurora, Illinois. 
For their dedication to hiring veterans in our community, the group recently received the Three Star Chamber of Valor Award by the United States Chamber of Commerce. They were recognized for their participation in the Hiring Our Heroes program and 
for encouraging local businesses to provide access to goodpaying jobs for the men and women who have served our country in uniform. 
own, so I would like to join the Chamber in recognizing a few local businesses who have taken the lead in hiring and supporting veterans: Old Second Bank, Alarm Detection Systems, and The Studio at 46 West, a veteran owned business. 
in recognizing the Roosevelt Aurora Post No. 84 of the American Legion for their work in serving the community. 
the Aurora Regional Chamber of Commerce and all of the local businesses in our community who have made hiring veterans a priority. 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? 
Speaker, last week, after many of us had returned to our homes across the country, while our constituents were enjoying the beginning of their weekend, Paris fell victim to one of the most violent terrorist attacks in recent memory. 
Nohemi Gonzalez, an American student studying architecture abroad, was among those killed. 
A day earlier, in Beirut, dozens of innocent lives were cut short in a coordinated attack on that city. 
killed 34 people in Yola, Nigeria. That attack was followed by two more today, driving the number of lives lost there to 49. 
Before we go any further, Mr. Speaker, I would ask for a moment of silence to remember the lives of those who 
incredible wave of violence with the single purpose of stoking fear. It is the kind of fear that keeps us from solving problems and that paralyzes us into inaction. It is the kind of fear that we are hearing in the calls to block refugees from seeking shelter here in the United States, violating all of our values because of an immediate emotional reaction. 
atrocious acts of violence are counting on us to fall into that kind of fear, and that is why it is so important not to. 
Paris. We must stand with the innocent in Beirut and Garissa and Nigeria. We must stand firm in our role as world leaders and as part of an international coalition dedicated to bringing down ISIS. 
have always been paramount in the United States, and one of those values is opening our doors to those seeking safety. 
We cannot turn our backs to the humanitarian crisis facing the Syrians refugees. They are fleeing a conflict they are not responsible for and want no part in. They have lost their homes, their jobs, and members of their families. The only thing that many of them are seeking is a chance to start over. The vast majority of these refugees are women and children. 
Even more importantly, agencies involved with allowing them to enter will prioritize survivors of violence and torture and those with severe illnesses. 
identities and backgrounds of those seeking safety here in the United States, and developing systems to ensure that we don’t let in anyone seeking to harm us, then we must help these refugees. It is not just our responsibility as a world leader; it is the right thing to do as a nation of immigrants. 
do have an intensive screening process in place, and refugees receive the greatest scrutiny of any individual coming here. The FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of State, the Department of Defense, and the National Counterterrorism Center are all involved in the process of clearing these people. 
threat of ISIS is real. The terror that they spread across the world, the violence they perpetrate, and their disregard for innocent human life are all despicable. 
something positive from these tragedies. We must unify as a global community against the evil of ISIS and in support of peace and freedom and humanity. 
life. By giving refugees the opportunity to escape, we can save them. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I join all of 
my colleagues in prayer for the lives that were lost in Paris and elsewhere and for the hundreds more that were injured in the attacks. I pray for solace for those who have lost their loved ones and friends. I pray for peace around the world. I pray for the good that we can do, as a country, that will build consensus with coalitions and partners around the world. 
leadership in tonight’s special order as we grapple with the horrendous terrorist attacks in Paris and Beruit as well as today’s attack in Nigeria, claimed by Boko Haram. 
In the past week alone, we have seen lives 
The Paris, France attacks last Friday, November 13, which claimed 128 lives and many more injured, as we know was claimed by ISIS. 
authorities inform us that an 11 year old suicide bomber targeted a market and detonated a bomb killing her, 30 others and injuring over 70 market goers. 
The terrorist group Boko Haram claimed responsibility for the attacks as retaliation for President Buhari’s commitment for combatting violent extremism in Nigeria. 
The recent events underscore that we cannot let fear rule us but rather we must fight back against those who threaten our well being and security. 
At the same time, we must work on creating 
resources for victims of terror and those who have been displaced as a result of conflict and sectarian violence. 
This is why I introduced H. Res. 528, legislation that enjoyed bipartisan support of my colleagues including Representatives CHU 
from California, D OLD from Illinois, H AHN from 
Ohio, W ATSON COLEMAN from New Jersey, S EWELL from Alabama, B ERNIE THOMPSON from 
Mississippi and my good friend Ms. W ILSON of 
Terror Protection Fund for the displaced refugees, migrants and victims of Boko Haram’s terror in the region. 
It is our American value to fight for those 
As founder and CoChair of the Congressional Nigerian Caucus, I have been spending a lot of time on this issue since the Chibok incident. 
The past week has been a very trying time 
for the world family as we grapple with the reality of terrorists wreaking havoc in our world. 
One only needs to look at the current news 
events across the globe to appreciate the imperative of countering violent extremism, empowering and protecting victims of terror, refugees and displaced persons. 
claimed responsibility for crimes, atrocities and terroristic attacks, claiming lives in Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Egypt, Beirut and Paris. DaeshISIL also known as ISIS and other 
terrorist networks that have pled allegiance to ISIS such as Boko Haram today pose the gravest extremist threat faced by our generation and those of our children. 
But we must not be moved by their evil 
ways, for eventually, the arc of the moral universe always tips on the side of justice, of peace, of equity of the rule of law. 
This is why I remain steadfast in my commitment to combatting violent extremism and protecting victims. 
As a result of terrorism in the region and 
Boko Haram in particular in Nigeria, recent reports inform us that Nigeria has the highest number of displaced persons in Africa and the third largest in the world following Syria and Columbia. 
The recent coordinated attacks in Paris, following military interventions by at least two United Nations Security Council permanent members: Russia and France, highlights the fact that we are dealing with an enemy of humanity and compels us to launch an international and coordinated strategy to diminish ISIS to protect our children and our children’s children. 
The recent events underscore the importance of a Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism to degrade and permanently destroy ISIS and its vitriolic ideology that is inflicting pain on innocent people. 
The humanitarian crises triggered by sectarian and ideological violence has plagued our world at a disheartening rate, comparable to or surpassing the numbers from World War II according to some estimates. 
According to one United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR’s) annual Global Trends report, which is based on data compiled by governments and nongovernmental partner organizations, and from the organization’s own records, over 60 million people have been forcibly displaced across the globe. 
Moreover, according to a report by the International Displacement Monitor Center, an estimated 3,300,000 persons have been displaced and 5,500 killed as a result of the violence wreaked by Boko Haram. 
(UNICEF) report asserts that as the most populous nation in Africa with 174,000,000 persons, 1,500,000 people have fled their homes to escape Boko Haram. 
kidnapped from their dormitories in Chibok by Boko Haram. 
approximately 3,300,000 persons are displaced in the Lake Chad Basin which sits on the edge of the Sahara which encompasses Chad, Cameroon, Niger and Nigeria. 
and displaced persons and must work to provide the support they will need to recover from the trauma they have suffered. 
The victims will be in dire need of humanitarian assistance which the Victims of Terror Protection Fund can provide. 
should be modeled after the cases of Khazistan and Equatorial Guinea where prior kleptocracy initiatives have been created to benefit communities and victims in need of support. 
power exploits or steals national resources, which unfortunately has happened all too often 
through its Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative has identified the forfeited ‘‘Abacha loot,’’ funds stolen by former Nigerian dictator Sanni Abacha. 
As we understand it the ‘‘Abacha loot’’ is the 
largest kleptocracy forfeiture action ever brought in the United States resulting in a $450,000,000 judgment of the forfeited assets facilitated by Justice’s remarkable Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative. 
The Abacha Administration embezzled Nigerian public funds under among other false claims, that the Administration was investing in national security measures to protect Nigeria and the Nigerian people. 
As we all see now, as a result of or in part 
because of the Abacha Administration’s failure to invest in and implement security measures, the security in Nigeria and the region is tenuous, with the country and region currently under continuous threat by the ISIS affiliated group Boko Haram. 
have trafficked, kidnapped, murdered and caused the displacement of millions of children, women and men. 
Recovered victims displaced by terrorist activity as well as refugees, migrants and internally displaced persons fleeing for their lives will be in dire need of protection and support. 
A Victim of Terror Protection Fund can supply health aid, educational support, employment training, economic empowerment, dignity and overall improved social welfare of these victims. 
the patriotism, resilience, and commitment of the Nigerian people under the leadership of their newly democratically elected President Muhammadu Buhari. 
country that has faced its set of challenges, conflicts, and contradictions analogous to the human condition itself. 
to the human rights, well being and security of the Nigerian people, their regional neighbors and the global community in general with their penchant to commit genocide. 
scourge of Boko Haram’s atrocity would be through the creation of a Victim of Terror Protection Fund and accessibility of military technical assistance to Nigeria and its regional neighbors pursuant to the UN Security Council and neighboring African countries call for accelerated military collaboration to combat this extremist group. 
I commend the U.S. Administration’s announcement that it is deploying 300 U.S. troops to Africa to set up a drone base to track fighters from Boko Haram, which continues to seek to destabilize Nigeria and neighboring countries during its blood thirsty assault on innocent people. 
combatting Boko Haram, which now appears to continue to wage its vicious insurgency in Nigeria and now spilling into neighboring Cameroon, Chad and Niger and leaving an estimated 20,000 people dead. 
preventing displacement and creating durable solutions for refugees and displaced persons in Africa requires a multipronged strategy 
response, government and civil society capacity building, and the creation of resilient political and security infrastructures and landscapes. 
Fund is one of the strategies for addressing the growing African migrant and refugee crisis. 
I commend President Obama’s and President Buhari’s commitment to Nigerian security and their collective efforts to tighten vigilance in vulnerable places. 
victims and combat violent extremism, in Nigeria, Syria and around the world, we must have continued U.S. support in protecting victims of terror, technical training, logistical and infrastructural capabilities and professionalizing its military force to battle Boko Haram. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ ) is 
recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for talking about Ms. Gonzalez, who was from our area. She actually was from a city called El Monte, California, and that is where my first cousin, Norma Macias, is a councilwoman there at that city. 
are holding a vigil for her, a memorial for her. She was a young lady on a semester abroad wanting to change the world by good design and using green products, et cetera. So thank you for mentioning her. I am sure the Gonzalez family will be very touched. 
And, of course, thank you for mentioning the whole issue of the refugees because we are a beacon. We are a shining beacon of the world. These are people who are fleeing these types of terrorist attacks. 
So I hope that we do have a good resolution to allow these refugees to go to all the countries until we figure out what is going on in the Middle East and they can return home. Home is where they really want to be. Thank you. I thank my great colleague from New Jersey. 
an issue that unfortunately reaches into households in each and every State, every city, and every neighborhood in this great Nation. It is the issue of poverty. 
central tenet that our Nation was built on, and that is life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
month from our Democratic whip, STENY HOYER , discussing a recent report released by the U.S. Census Bureau that found that 46.7 million Americans—15 percent of Americans—are living in poverty. How can we tell a family to pursue happiness when the rug is constantly being pulled out from under them? 
is more than all the Californians and Arizonans put together. We cannot allow that to continue. We know that the effects of poverty hit every aspect of one’s life. 
Poverty affects minorities. 26 percent of African Americans live below the poverty line, and 23 percent of Latinos live below the poverty line. 
We also see those types of percentages when we look at lower educational attainment and lower overall wages. As the number of first and secondgeneration children rises, so does the amount of these children affected and born into poverty. 
schools in my district are affected by poverty. It is hard to learn when you haven’t had a meal. It is hard to learn when you don’t have a roof over your head. It is hard where you are sharing a house with 15 or 16 people, most of them not related to you. 
SNAP and the Community Supplemental Food program. There are ways in which we can combat the effects of poverty. I don’t believe that families who are benefiting from those programs are looking for a free handout. 
who at one time or another received public assistance in times of need. One of them was a single mother of not one, but two, children while working and attending college. I think it goes without saying that these individuals are not lazy or looking for handouts. 
other individuals in our society, but there is a negative stigma about being enrolled in welfare programs. We shame families who don’t have the means to lift themselves out of the cycle of poverty. But then we don’t want to give them that helping hand, that aid, that they need in order to do that. 
shame—the real shame—is that we are a nation of unbridled wealth, bountiful wealth, and still over 46 million people are in poverty. 
food, families in the United States are stretching each dollar more and more. Many find it difficult to save money at the end of the month, and saving for their son’s or daughter’s education is, quite frankly, an unattainable dream. 
that, if I worked hard, if I did well in school, and if I saved my money, it was possible to be successful in America. 
days it gets harder and harder to be successful in America. Those in poverty find themselves working hard, planning for the future, and doing everything that we tell them to do, and 
still they fall short, unable to attain the pursuit of happiness. 
if a person puts in hard work 40 hours a week, that they should be living in poverty. How can we expect families working minimum wage—and I will add that is not a liveable wage—to afford child care and save for their children’s college education? 
Yet, I see so many examples in my district of people who overcome all of the hurdles and the barriers that we are placing in front of them. 
those barriers. We can have an impact on the poverty of our communities. Last month, during National Work and Family Month, Democratic leadership led a Working Families Day of Action to highlight important legislation to improve the living conditions for all families here in America. 
I joined 113 of my colleagues in cosponsoring a resolution which called for this House to address some of the issues important to some of the most disadvantaged demographics of people in our Nation. This resolution addressed commonsense measures, such as sensible working accommodations for pregnant women, equal protections for workers in the workplace, and increasing the minimum wage to a liveable wage. 
about the 46 million Americans living in poverty, we are talking about people from all walks of life. We are talking about the homeless. We are talking about children in our schools. We are talking about our senior citizens. We are talking about single parents, blue collar workers. We are talking about our immigrants. 
stuck—in a vicious cycle of poverty and disadvantaged situations. These aren’t radical ideas. These are sensible, American ideas where hard work is rewarded with equal compensation and protections. I believe that, as lawmakers—but, more importantly, as Americans—we owe it to the families of this Nation to enact legislation in which each and every person has a means to succeed. 
of the statistics that we have with respect to poverty in America. As I said before, Mr. Speaker, 46.7 million people are living in poverty. 
the 1960s, and it is based solely on an individual’s cash earnings. It sets the poverty threshold at $24,250 for a family of four. However, that rate does not take into consideration the cost of living in different regions of America. Try living in my region on $24,250 for four people. 
The Census Bureau recently established a new measure on which to gauge actual poverty rates. The Supplemental Poverty Measure establishes a new poverty rate by incorporating 
California’s poverty rate is 16.5 percent, slightly higher than the 14.9 percent rate for the United States. However, this statistic can be deceiving because of the high cost of living throughout the State. 
year for a family of four, and you are not in poverty according to the national rate. But the reality—the reality—is, when it costs $1,800 for a one bedroom apartment, you have eaten up about 90 percent of that $25,000. 
system, California leads the Nation with 23.4 percent of residents living in poverty. Of course, once again, this hits the disadvantaged more than anyone else. 
When using the Supplemental Poverty System, nearly 20 percent of seniors, onequarter of our children, 31 percent of Latinos, and 20 percent of African Americans live in poverty. Let’s put that in perspective. 
$1,648. Orange County that I represent is the seventh priciest metropolitan area in the United States. This brings the total cost to rent a modest—and when I am telling you a modest apartment in California, we are talking $20,000 a year. 
below the outdated poverty threshold, this leaves a whopping $4,250 for the entire year. That leaves about $354 per month to feed and clothe a family of four. 
four live on $354 a month? How do you save for a college education? How do you save for a home? How do you buy a car? What can you do when you get sick? 
about home ownership as a vehicle for economic mobility for Latinos and African Americans. Latino families are struggling to rebuild the equity they lost in this last Great Recession because, between 2008 and 2010, in those 3 or 4 years of the recession, twothirds of the wealth in the Latino families across the Nation was lost—was lost— just wiped out, done away with, because they lost their homes. 
onto the wealthcreation ladder. Two thirds because of foreclosure. And even though home values have rebounded in recent years, the fact of the matter is that those people who lost their homes are renting at probably twice the cost of what their mortgage payment was, probably something less than what they were living in, and not building any equity. 
Even if you gained back on the market, it doesn’t keep pace with the returns in the stock market. So the Hispanic household has a slower recovery than the rest of our Nation. 
According to the Pew Hispanic Center, 28 percent of Hispanic homeowners say they owe more on their homes 
today than they can sell it for in 2011. 
than a roof over your head. It is a source of pride. It is a source of pride. It is the American Dream, and it is a place that you can call your own. It is a part of owning America, and we want people to own a piece of America. 
study report finds that White households typically have 150 times more wealth than Hispanic households. In 2013, the median net worth of Hispanic households was only $14,000 compared to about $142,000 for Anglo households, a difference of $128,000. 
households fell by over 40 percent between 2005 to 2013, compared to 26 percent for Anglo households. 
Latinos are less likely to be financially prepared for retirement than any other households because of their disparity in employment, in earnings, and in wealth. 
have access to the defined benefit pensions, for example, that guarantee a lifetime income, half the rate of Anglos and African American households. 
Latino households do not own assets in a retirement account—69 percent do not—compared to 37 percent of Anglos who do not. 
of the wealthiest counties of our Nation. I just told you that housing is seventh in the Nation with respect to what it cost you to live there. 
Twenty percent of the people are living in poverty in my district, higher than the State and the national average. 
Thirty percent of the kids, the children, in my district are living in poverty, higher than the State and higher than the national average. 
in poverty in my district, higher than the State and the national average. 
years, 23,000 households within my district benefited from SNAP assistance— food stamps. Eightysix percent of those households had children under the age of 18. Oh, and by the way, 78 percent of those households were Latino. Fortythree percent of those families that received SNAP benefits recorded having at least two or more workers in the workforce in the past 12 months. 
that families have not just one but two breadwinners in the family, and still they cannot afford to purchase basic food supplies. 
us directly, we often overlook the immense stress that comes with struggling to put food on the table. If you don’t have a meal, you are not good in school and you can’t study because you 
are constantly hungry. How does a kid do his mathematics, his geometry, when he is wondering where is his next meal coming from? 
The Department of Agriculture defines food insecurity as the limited or uncertain availability of nutritionally adequate and safe foods. 
lived in foodinsecure households, including 32.8 million adults, and 15.3 million children. And of those 48 million Americans, 19 percent of the households were with children, 35 percent of the households with children headed by single women, 26 percent African American households, 22 percent Latino households. How do we do that? 
A recent report published by the Department of Agriculture found that error rates for awarding SNAP benefits are at an alltime low. Over 99 percent of SNAP benefits are issued to eligible households. 
government program, any government program, with a 99 percent efficiency rating, with a proven record of lifting families out of poverty would be applauded and promoted by both sides of the aisle, but that is not always the case. 
The most recent farm bill cut $8 billion from SNAP, affecting 850,000 families in our Nation. 
an economic booster, with every dollar in SNAP benefits resulting in $1.80 in total economic activity. 
few of the excellent organizations in my district that make it their mission, their passion, to aid those in need. 
by Sister Marie Therese in 1979, it is devoted to providing free—free—comprehensive medical care to the poorest of the poor in Orange County, California, as well as dental care to its established patients. This organization, this clinic, is a nonprofit, primarily volunteers—volunteer doctors, volunteer everything—working with pharmaceutical companies and local hospitals to meet the healthcare needs of low and noincome families in our community. And the clinic has stayed true to its mission of providing free medical and dental care, and is only one of the few clinics in Orange County that does not charge—does not charge—for its services. 
organizations, including Target store pharmacy, to provide lowcost medications. And over 100 volunteer doctors and medical staff have generously donated their time to help those in need. 
The Lestonnac Free Clinic also contains a food bank and provides food to several hundred people each month. Over 20,000 patients have been treated in over 180,000 visits. 
distributes 23,000 food boxes monthly countywide to lowincome seniors 60 and older. It operates a community donated food bank with enrollment of over 350 local charities that make food available to those that are at the risk of hunger. This vulnerable population includes the disabled, seniors, families with children, veterans—I see veterans in those lines coming to pick up boxes of food—the unemployed and the homeless. 
SNAP program, and this program has increased enrollment to over 400,000 qualified individuals in Orange County, California, who are at the risk of hunger. 
and we have great Americans—those who have served in our military, those who have served in public service, those who teach our children, those who nurse us when we are sick, those who build our roads, invent new gadgets for us to communicate. We are a great country of innovation. We are a great country of beauty from sea to shining sea. And yet, in this great country of ours, in today’s day, there are over 46 million Americans living in poverty, many of them going to sleep tonight hungry, hungry, hungry. As the Congress, as the conscience of America, as the people’s House, we need to work together to eliminate poverty in America. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
you for allowing us to engage in what we call People’s Night 2. The House has been working diligently for the citizens of our districts. We have passed solid legislation that is good for the economy, that protects life, that helps small businesses, veterans, bills that reduce taxes. I would guess that maybe not all of our citizens are even aware that the House has actually passed a balanced budget. In fact, there are over 300 pieces of legislation that have been passed through the House but have been stalled in the Senate. 
of the legislation, but also, and with all due respect, we are calling on Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL to get moving on these bills. I am joined by several colleagues this evening to share why we believe it is time to move on behalf of the American people. 
along with myself, our shortstop on the baseball team, and a strong voice speaking out on those who sometimes cannot speak for themselves, and that 
is our veterans. We promise that we would go to Congress and work hard for the men and women who depend on us to get the Veterans Administration correct. 
Speaker, I thank my good friend from North Carolina for yielding. Mr. WALKERhas really been a leader in no time 
on so many issues. It is nice to be his hall mate and also his teammate on the baseball field, and I appreciate him putting together this Special Order to raise a number of issues that we have gotten through the House here and that we are respectfully calling upon the Senate to take up. 
need for change and increased accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs that can be facilitated by the immediate passage of H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act of 2015. This is a bill that myself and many others have cosponsored under the leadership of Chairman JEFFMILLER , and it is a bill 
that I am requesting that the Senate take up and pass with bipartisan support here in the House in July. 
additional tools he needs to accelerate the badlyneeded culture change at the Department of Veterans Affairs. It gives the Secretary of the VA what he needs to rebuild the trust between the VA and this Congress, taxpayers, and, most importantly, the veterans of this country. 
fix the broken personnel system at the Department. But, most importantly, this bill authorizes the Secretary to remove or demote any employee for poor performance or misconduct while also increasing protections for whistleblowers who have been, and continue to be, very important in the oversight role of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Regional Office has seen scandal after scandal. It has experienced a gross lapse in management, mishandling of claims, the administration of improper payments, and fabricated data. On top of that, the hostile work environment and whistleblower retaliation occurred on a nearly daily basis. 
managers at the Philly VA responsible for these actions, as well as those across the country in the VA, who have acted improperly. 
I believe a majority of VA’s employees—as we all do here in Congress—this is an important point to make—most people that work at the VA are hard working public servants who are dedicated to providing quality health care and timely benefits for veterans. 
I am sure the majority of these employees are just as frustrated in that most of us see that the VA problem employees continue to be moved to new 
positions as opposed to being removed from the payroll. We have seen time and again how poor performance can spread like a cancer through a workforce and how the presence of bad employees only leads to poor customer service and is an impediment to the quality of service our veterans have earned. 
than the highest quality of care, and it is our job as Members of Congress to do everything in our power to ensure that their care is placed before the interests of entrenched bureaucrats and poor performance. If we want what is best for our veterans, then the status quo at the VA is not acceptable. It is not working. It is failing the mission of the Department, and it is failing the veterans the VA is supposed to serve. 
Secretary the tools that he or she needs to hold VA employees accountable, then we are just as culpable for any future VA failures. The antiquated civil service laws that have fostered the VA’s cultural mess need to go. That is what the VA Accountability Act does. That is why we are calling on the Senate to take it up. 
After the largest scandal in VA’s history—and, in my home State, the continued problems at the Philadelphia VA—the VA has only successfully fired three employees for wait time manipulation even though over 100 hospitals have been identified as having gamed the appointment system. That is simply unacceptable. H.R. 1994 would give the Secretary the tools he needs to hold more employees accountable faster than can be done now under existing civil service rules. 
this evening in pointing out a number of bills that have been ushered through the House—reform bills that improve the welfare of this country and that reform various bureaucracies—H.R. 1994 does just that. I urge the Senate to take action and push for accountability just as we have done here in the House on behalf of this country’s veterans. 
Mr. WALKER. I thank Representative COSTELLO . His hard work on the 
bills are not making it to the President’s desk. We are tired of the argument that the President will most likely veto these legislative bills or of the filibustering that we hear about sometimes in the Senate. We hear the word ‘‘reconciliation’’ a great deal. Reconciliation is a simple majority vote. Fiftyone votes in the Senate is what is needed to get it to the President’s desk under reconciliation. 
REIDshoved ObamaCare into the culture and fabric of the American people—by reconciliation, by a simple majority. In fact, it has been Mr. REID 
on legislation to protect the President. That is why the American people elected Republican majorities in the House and the Senate. It was to clean up Washington and to stand against President Obama’s farleft agenda. 
One of the ladies I have been able to 
meet who has worked hard and who has been a voice is a nurse, a smallbusiness woman, and a former educator. I specifically like the nurse part, being married to one for 23 years. She is the middle daughter of working class, Great Depressionera parents. Having had 40 years of experience in working in the healthcare field, she is uniquely positioned as a credible and effective leader on healthcare policy in Congress. She is a strong leader on fiscal and budget reforms, but her voice for life in these halls is one that is heard throughout the country. 
voice, and I would like for her to share a little bit more on her specific piece of legislation. 
from North Carolina, my good friend, Congressman WALKER , for bringing us 
worked very hard to deliver these historic majorities to Congress, but, today, there is a feeling that the more things change, the more they stay the same. We billed this as the ‘‘New American Congress.’’ Yet, like last year and the year before and the year before that, too many Housepassed bills remain trapped in the U.S. Senate. 
July, which would prevent the Obama administration from legislating in the form of government rule and would give Congress the final say over the major Federal regulations just like our Founding Fathers intended. But where is it today? Nearly 4 months later, it continues to languish in the upper Chamber, awaiting for a chance for debate. 
Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, requiring Iran to make good on its $43 billion of delinquent payments to the victims of its state sponsored terrorism. Once again, this good and decent bill is collecting dust in the Senate. 
Mr. Speaker, I understand the challenges that our Senate leadership faces. The donothing Senate majority of the last Congress is now the donothing Senate minority of this Congress. They are filibustering countless House passed bills and bringing the wheels of government to a grinding halt, but we cannot let that stop us from bringing up these bills for full debate in the light of day and putting our priorities in front of the American people. 
While we are at it, it is time to 
change the rules of engagement in the upper Chamber. In a body of 100 people, a majority is 51. It really is that simple. The cloture rule is nowhere to be 
found in the U.S. Constitution. It is an antiquated Senate rule that is not effectively serving the institution today. I call on the Senate leaders to turn the page and break the logjam so that we can put the American people’s priorities on the President’s desk. 
veto many of these measures. For goodness sake, he vetoed a bill to fund our troops, so I put nothing past him. Let’s put him on record. Let’s ensure that President Obama is required to accept or to reject our ideas and to defend that decision to the American people. 
The American people delivered us this majority, and they expect us to use it. 
Mr. WALKER. I thank Representative BLACK and appreciate her heartfelt 
Mr. Speaker, in nearly a year of holding the majority, the President has only vetoed three of our bills. In fact, only once, I believe, he has had to do that in the last 8 months. 
this prediction: ‘‘Though Obama’s three vetoes are thus far a record low...experts expect Obama’s final 2 years to be packed with highprofile veto showdowns.’’ 
That hasn’t happened. My next friend and colleague who 
would like to share a little bit of his heart is someone I have grown to admire and respect. I am privileged to serve with him on the Homeland Security Committee where just a few months ago, I heard one of the more powerful 5 or 6minute talks that I have heard since I have been here in Congress in which he was willing to stand up for the Family Research Council and Tony Perkins against the tax from the Southern Poverty Law Center—specifically the President— who had put them on a hate list. 
In fact, I am going to yield him a little bit of leeway so he may share some things that may be a little bit in context but that may be a little bit off as 
well. It is my privilege to introduce and to hear from a great Congressman from South Carolina, Representative JEFFDUNCAN . 
Speaker, I thank the chairman. I thank him for having this People’s Night 2, so as to take the opportunity to speak to the American people about, really, what have become a lot of frustrations since they elected a Republican House and a Republican Senate. 
night, and a number of comments and questions that I had was: Why can’t you guys get more bills to the President’s desk? I had to explain that there is a 60vote filibuster, the modern filibuster—a 60vote threshold—over in the Senate. I had to explain what a modern filibuster rule is in the Senate. 
South Carolina actually filibustered on the floor. He spoke for 48 hours without 
stopping, without sitting down. He held the floor of the Senate to make a point for 48 hours. That is the traditional filibuster that you hear about. Today, in the 21st century, when we hear that a Senator has filed a filibuster and that there is a 60vote threshold to get over, what that means is a Senator has just put his name on a bill, and he doesn’t have to go down and utter a single word, and he doesn’t have to stand on the floor for a single minute. In fact, he can go to Charlie Palmer’s and have a steak and call it a ‘‘filibuster.’’ America, this is wrong. 
I had a conversation with some Senate staff today because I think they ought to change their Senate rules. 
is a Senator I respect a lot—disagrees with your position. They pointed out that the Senate filibuster rule, the 60 vote threshold, has helped Republicans in the past to stop bad legislation. They said it stopped amnesty. 
I said: Well, hold on right there. Amnesty, actually, passed. The Gang of Eight bill passed, and we failed to bring it up in the House. We stopped it on the House side. 
They said: Well, it stopped gun control and a lot of other things. 
now a lot of good things from making it to the President’s desk. 
they really expect us to pass bills out that reflect the Republican principles, morals, values, and convictions of the electorate that sent us here and gave us this majority. They expect us to pass bills out of the Congress and to send them to the President’s desk. Then the President can do whatever he wants with those bills, but I think, if he vetoes them, then America will see the dichotomy between the Republican governance and a Democrat President. 
in this book. This is the United States Constitution. It is a pocket copy that I carry with me. You can’t find the Senate rules in this. It does say that both bodies—the House and the Senate— make their own rules to govern what goes on here, but they are not spelled out in this document. It is time for MITCH MCCONNELL and the Republicans 
over in the Senate to actually have a ‘‘come to Jesus’’ meeting and really talk about what is stifling the Republican work when the Republican electorate in this country has given us the majority and expects us to do the work. 
minute because this is the People’s Night, and I want to talk about something that is on the minds of the American people—the safety and security of our Nation and the national security issues in the wake of the Paris attacks, in the wake of the Lebanon bombing, in the wake of a lot of things that we are seeing with stabbings and other things that are going on by ISIS, primarily, but you can throw Boko Haram 
acts of terror into the mix as well. Americans are concerned about the safety and security of our Nation. 
I chair the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Just this afternoon, it was revealed that the Honduran police stopped five Syrians who were carrying falsified Greek passports, and they had flown all over Latin America before they had gotten to Honduras. They were headed north to the Guatemalan border. If they were headed north to the Guatemalan border, it tells me they were going to take advantage of our porous southern border, like many others have, to enter into this country. We don’t know why. What we do know is five Syrians traveled to Honduras on fake Greek passports, and they were apprehended by the police. 
People are criticizing the Republicans for wanting to hit ‘‘pause’’ on the Syrian refugee program, and they are saying, ‘‘You don’t have compassion.’’ Let me tell you that you don’t lock the door because you hate the people on the outside. You lock the door because you love the people on the inside. 
what we are charged to do. When we raise our hands and swear an oath to the Constitution—to uphold it and to defend this great country—we are charged as Members of Congress to protect this great Nation, first and foremost. 
I thank the gentleman for some leniency. I will continue to speak on behalf of the American people. It is time for MITCH to get moving on some bills that 
like to put this inaction in some kind of perspective. We actually have to go back to James Garfield in the 1800s to find such a low number of vetoes. James Garfield only served 7 months, or about 200 days. President Obama has been in office nearly 7 years. Compared to other Presidents—for example, President Kennedy, though obviously 
never completing his term, however— he used a total of veto 21 times. Ronald Reagan used a total of 78. 
answer is simple. This is not political theater. It is the process that exposes the President’s continued desire to rely on government and not the private sector, which may explain the national debt skyrocketing from $10 trillion to nearly $20 trillion that is predicted by the end of his term next year. We need to end covering for the President or for other Members on these tough votes. 
When the President vetoes legislation, he has the obligation to explain to the country the reasons that he is against such bills that help the American worker and protect families and small businesses. It is one of the only measures that our Founding Fathers provided to Congress in holding the President accountable. It is a privilege to introduce a friend 
from Georgia’s 10th Congressional District, a fellow freshman who is passionate about the cause of the American people, someone that is authentic, someone who founded the Cultures and Values Network and was the host of his own radio talk program. He has become a dear and close friend of mine. I would like for the American people to hear from Representative JODY HICEfrom 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for hosting this People’s Night for this Special Order. I appreciate all that you do, and I appreciate your leadership and your friendship. It is good to have another minister on the grounds. I am honored to serve with you. 
many tonight, I likewise experience a great deal of frustration. I have had conversations, as have others here, with individuals in the Senate frustrated over that 60vote threshold to even debate an issue over there. 
they have protected our country from so many other horrible pieces of legislation or that, ultimately, it is irrelevant because the bill would probably be vetoed anyway. There are excuses after excuses. 
American people sent us here to do a job, to represent them to the best of our ability. I am honored to be here with my colleagues here tonight. 
I am proud of the fact that, over the 
10 months or so that I have been here, we have passed probably hundreds of bills, meaningful legislation, legislation that would protect the American people, legislation that would strengthen our national security, that would care for veterans and provide the kind of care that they deserve, legislation that would empower American businesses and small businesses, legislation that would increase transparency and accountability within government agencies. 
American citizens, as we all are so concerned about these days, we passed H.R. 3009, the Sanctuary Cities Act, that would not allow any State or local government to continue to receive funding if they harbor illegal alien criminals. Cities like San Francisco and many others would no longer be able to have a governmentbankrolled 
sanctuary to provide such a thing for illegal alien lawbreakers. 
from South Carolina just referred to moments ago, the threat of ISIS and the authentic threat against the West from terror attacks is real. We are living with that reality today. 
which would provide the Secretary of State with the authority to revoke or deny passports to individuals who are aligned with foreign terrorist groups. It would also provide critical assistance to law enforcement and intelligence service personnel to make it easier for them to flag suspects when they are traveling internationally. 
would help prevent turned Americans who are now fighting alongside of ISIS from coming back to the United States undetected. Again, these bills and many others like these have not even received a hearing on the other side of the Capitol. 
This body has passed the VA Accountability Act, which would allow the Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary new authority to fire bad employees in order to assure that our veterans are receiving the care that they deserve. 
the Death Tax Repeal Act, which would eliminate a tax which is unfairly imposed on family estates after a loved one has passed. That bill would ensure that farmers and smallbusiness owners would not be taxed for the success of their loved one who has passed away. It would help keep small businesses and farm doors open. 
of legislation that would increase government transparency and accountability, which our constituents deserve. To that end, we have passed the IRS Email Transparency Act. We also passed the Prevent Targeting at the IRS Act. The list goes on and on and on, is my point. 
am proud to state that we, this entire body, have successfully passed real and meaningful legislation that would vastly improve the lives of our constituents and our Nation. 
a fully engaged and willing partner on the other side of the Capitol, all this work that we have done equates to nothing more than a vacant parking lot. It amounts to a wicked limbo of immobility or lethargic stasis. Quite frankly, the American people deserve more than this. 
I urge our friends on the other side of 
the Capitol to start taking up some of the legislation that this body has passed and to do so with a sense of urgency. 
the most deliberative body in the world, but, frankly, it feels as though they are helping create an environment of absolute dysfunction. 
to move them forward so that, working together, we can become the most decisive body in the world. 
across people who are authentic, who truly have a servant spirit. One of those people I have been privileged to meet is right here in the Halls of Congress. 
He is a Representative from Arizona’s Eighth Congressional District. He is a Reagan conservative in his seventh term. He has one of the most powerful and passionate voices, a huge heart, but a strong voice for life. It is a privilege for him to be a part of our People’s Night 2. 
and the great Representative from Arizona, Representative TRENT FRANKS . 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, if I could, let me express sincere 
very wise thing to send this man to Congress. He has represented them faithfully. He is a Valley Forge American that I wish there were more of in the United States Congress. 
America and the world under the leadership of Barack Obama is alarming to any reasonable observer. To those outside the beltway, Republicans seem weak and unwilling to effectively respond. 
One of the hiddeninplainsight reasons for this false perception is the rules and present practices in the United States Senate controlling the parliamentarian instrument of the ‘‘motion to proceed to consider.’’ This is the mechanism that allows the filibuster in the United States Senate. 
takes 60 votes to allow a bill to come to the floor for debate in the United States Senate. It takes another vote of 60 votes to allow that bill to be actually voted upon. 
The truth is that, with 54 Republicans, it takes 6 Democrats to help 
allow either debate or a vote to occur in the United States Senate. 
Unfortunately, regardless of the nature of the bills, in recent years, this simply has not been allowed to occur. Mr. Speaker, this has become a boot on the throat of the Constitution and a stalemate to this Republic. 
that, if we don’t change it, the people of this country are going to become so wearied of this process, so convinced that we will remain in gridlock forever, that they will simply wash their hands of the American Government. If they do that, then the Founding Fathers’ dream itself could die in this generation. It must not be allowed to happen. 
Speaker, the House of Representatives passed some months ago the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill. The only thing that we did, using our article I powers of the purse, was to say that we would not fund the President’s illegal, unconstitutional executive order on immigration. 
That bill then went over to the Senate, fully funding the Department of Homeland Security. Democrats in the Senate said: No. We are not voting on the bill. You guys are shutting the government down. 
this government down because they know that the leftwing media will 
make sure that Republicans are fully blamed for that reality. That is what they want. It is not a deterrent to them. It is an inducement. 
leadership is either to dumb the bill down so the Democrats will support it and thereby completely make the Republican base heartbroken or allow the government to be shut down. No one is accountable under this scenario, and it has to change, Mr. Speaker. 
well, what if we are in the minority, well, we have been in the minority and ObamaCare passed and all of these other things passed because, unfortunately, the willingness of the Senate Democrats today to abuse this filibuster is so prevalent that it stops anything of consequence that matters to this country. Mr. Speaker, that has to change. 
Under the current rules and practices, the balance between the reasonable opportunity to deliberate or debate and the ability to actually make a timely decision in the U.S. Senate no longer exists. The technical remedy to fix this is to adopt a change in the rules that will satisfy both the majority and the minority, prevent gridlock, and allow for consensus and the spirit of bipartisanship to return. 
Tomorrow, Mr. Speaker, I will be introducing a resolution calling upon the Senate to adjust their rules to prevent this mindless stalemate and the practice of the current rules as written. 
away with the Senate filibuster, but to maintain the ability of the minority to have leveraged objection to either majority overreach or deeply contested legislation while restoring the accountability and deliberation to what is called the world’s most deliberative body. 
Almost 2 months ago this House passed the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. We have passed many bills that have never gotten to see the light of day in the Senate because of the Senate filibuster. 
Protection Act required that babies surviving an abortion be given the same treatment and care that would be given to any child born naturally premature at the same age. 
This bill now languishes in the Senate. It is uncertain if it will even be allowed a fair and honest debate up or down. These are bornalive children, Mr. Speaker—born alive—and no one can obscure the humanity and personhood of bornalive babies or claim that there is a conflict that exists between now separate interests of the mother and the child. Nor can they take refuge within the schizophrenic paradox Roe v. Wade has subjected this country to for now more than four decades. Mr. Speaker, protecting bornalive 
survivors of abortion is not a Republican issue. It is not a Democratic issue. It is a test of our basic humanity and who we are as a human family. Before my colleagues in the Senate vote against this bill or, far worse, do as they have done so often and use the Senate rules to filibuster and avoid a vote and to deprive this bill of an honest debate and a fair vote, I would implore each one of them to ask themselves two questions in the stillness of their own heart. 
most helpless of our bornalive children truly who the United States of America has become? Second, is voting against or filibustering against a bill to protect bornalive human babies from agonizing dismemberment and death who they have become as a Senate and what they want to be remembered for? 
Mr. Speaker, it is time that we recognize that there are certain bills that are worth a vote, bills like protecting this country from a potential Iranian nuclear option and bills like protecting this country from allowing its little bornalive children to be killed indiscriminately. Mr. Speaker, that time has come. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Representative FRANKS . I think America just saw 
some of the eloquence as well as the passion with which you speak for America’s unborn. 
many pieces of legislation that the House has worked on diligently over the last 10, 11 months, here is just a partial list that I hold in my hands: legislation that is good for the American family, a balanced budget, reduction of taxes, taking care of our veterans. Tonight, with all due respect, we are calling upon MITCH MCCONNELL and 
the Senate to move, to move diligently and to move urgently. It is past time. 
I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania’s 12th District, Representative KEITH ROTHFUS . It is maybe just a bit 
off topic, but something that is very important about what has been going on over the last week. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership in organizing this Special Order. I thank him for allowing me to take a few moments to again take a look at what has been going on across the world and the troubling news that we have from abroad. 
for a moratorium on the entry of refugees into the United States from Syria and all other countries that have been infiltrated by ISIS and other terrorist groups until security concerns can be adequately addressed. 
Paris, in Beirut, and on a Russian plane flying over the Sinai, my first 
To put it simply, the safety and security of the American people are nonnegotiable. Right now we simply do not have the mechanisms in place to ensure that the 10,000 Syrian refugees that the President would have come into this country over the next year and other refugees from terroristcontrolled areas are properly vetted. 
as much: ‘‘If someone has never made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interest reflected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home, but there will be nothing show up because we have no record of them.’’ 
and the Secretary of Homeland Security have said the same. It is both reasonable and prudent to insist that we know exactly who these individuals are before they settle into our towns and cities. 
Currently, we have neither the capability nor the capacity to do this. The recent attacks have awakened us to the reality that Islamic State terrorists have the worst of intentions not only for Christians and other religious minorities in their own region, but for the entire Western world. They are not, as the President has claimed, merely a setback. They are acts of war by a terrorist scourge against decency and humanity and freedom and everything that we as Americans stand for. 
ISIS has already stated it intends to attack the heart of the United States here in Washington, D.C., and it is not impossible that ISIS terrorists could enter the country by posing as Syrian refugees. In fact, reports indicate that a Syrian passport was found next to the body of 25yearold Ahmad alMohammad, one of the suicide bombers in Paris. He was born in Idlib, a city in northwest Syria, and the Paris prosecutor’s office said his fingerprints matched those of a person who traveled through Greece last month. 
American people are raising are not, as the President and others have suggested, without merit. They are completely legitimate, especially as the number of refugees is set to increase to 85,000 in 2016 and 100,000 in 2017, a significant increase from the average 70,000 per year over the past several years. 
The truth is that the American people are an incredibly compassionate and generous people. We have a rich history of assisting people in other nations around the globe when they are suffering from a humanitarian crisis, poverty, oppression, or war. Since September 11, 2001, the United States has resettled 748,000 refugees from around the world. The American people have also assisted innocent Syrian refugees fleeing from violence in search of a better life, providing $4.5 billion in humanitarian aid since the start of the crisis in Syria to help them relocate in Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, Egypt, and other nations. 
need help around the globe, we have a solemn duty to protect our citizens. The bottom line is we need to put the safety and security of Americans first. The solution I am proposing today is indefinite, but not necessarily permanent. It is the only responsible thing to do under these circumstances. 
We need time to review and implement policies that will ensure that those who seek refuge in the United States are properly vetted. 
I also urge my colleagues in the Senate to act boldly and promptly to ensure the security concerns of the American people are addressed. 
Our second People’s Night was scheduled weeks ago before the terrorists struck Paris. 
evening to send out our sincerest thoughts and prayers to the Parisian families and others whose lives have been changed forever by these cowardly attacks. Though my heart is heavy, my discontentment with this administration has reached a new level of frustration. 
that ISIS was not a serious threat. In fact, many of us remember him referring to them as the JV squad. Just hours before this barbaric attack, the President emphatically expressed that ISIS had been contained and they were no longer expanding. 
Homeland Security, I couldn’t disagree more. According to the FBI, there are more than 1,000 open investigations that are ISIS or terrorist related. ISIS is a clear and present danger to the American people. 
the Committee on Homeland Security, General Jack Keane shared these words: 
ISIS is the most successful terrorist organization of our time. The world does not believe that our country is serious about taking on ISIS. 
ISIS is not contained, and they are at war 
with us, but we are not at war with them. 
the threat, other world leaders are leading and exhibiting and showing strength. Even the Pope has been warning us that these attacks and others could be the beginning of world war III. 
After reviewing the evidence and testimony, I am convinced that it is only by the grace of God and the diligent work of our local, State, and national law enforcement that we haven’t been hurt in the same manner that played out just last weekend in Paris. Sadly, President Obama has yet to offer any plan, any strategy, or any solution to slow down these sons from hell. There is more evidence, continuing 
evidence of the disastrous Obama doctrine. The words of the President this past weekend sounded more like a spokesperson for the United Nations than America’s Commander in Chief. 
This is more of the same flawed foreign policy that we have experienced, just like we did in the recent Iran deal. May I remind us that 25 Democrats stood with Republicans, rebuking such a deal. Even more are calling on the President to speak with clarity and with boldness. The American people have grown weary of the constant swag and condescending responses. 
we afford to wait on a President who stubbornly refuses to identify these devils as radical Islamist extremists? I would hope and pray that all Members of this House would band together, demanding the President deliver a definitive course of action. It is time, Mr. Speaker, for the President to settle up. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4038, AMERICAN SECURITY AGAINST FOREIGN ENEMIES ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–342) on the resolution (H. Res. 531) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4038) to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) 
Ariel Durant, perhaps the most renowned recorders of the history of mankind, wrote shortly after their 
to be learned and earned by each generation anew; if the transmission should be interrupted . . . civilization would die, and we should be savages again.’’ 
It is a warning we must heed. For all 
of our advancement in selfgovernance, the rule of law, and the betterment of people’s lives, the world stands in crisis. Our actions toward evil, twisted brands of militant Islamic jihadism in the coming months will determine how humanity navigates the coming century. As Will Durant correctly predicts, we must either prevent the death of civilized life or become savages again. 
French President Francois Hollande is correct in saying enough is enough. The coalition of willing defenders of humanity is immense. The world looks toward America for our leadership. 
people ask. It is for the same reason we ask a trusted colleague for counsel, for the same reason a resident asks a neighbor to help him with a heavy lift, for the same reason a parishioner asks his pastor for guidance in times of crisis, for the same reason a citizen asks a policeman for assistance in times of trouble, and for the same reason those attacked ask a soldier to defend them. For the sake of civilization, we must provide it. 
savagery through lethargy must end. Should America remain dispassionate and disconnected, she is at risk of losing her moral compass. Are we really an America today that no longer can be moved by any action, by beheadings, immolations, crucifixions, sexual enslavement, and human suffering in the lands that these savages have forcibly taken? Are we so selfindulged that we somehow think that leaving ISIS alone is a legitimate option for the good of the world? 
ISIS’ actions are acts of genocide. On that, we absolutely agree. 
their genocidal fanaticism. One city overrun saw ISIS lining up all males 12 and above in a gymnasium, separated them into groups, and systematically exterminated them. 
was being born, have been forced into sodomistic, sexual slavery by a Godless, evil, twisted brand of Islamist jihadist ideology that also conveniently fits rape and child molestation into a twisted, sinister form of ethics. 
have been singled out for destruction of life and property by marking their structures with an Arabic N. 
Assyrian Christians have been slaughtered while we in Congress thump our chest about refugees as Americans call on us to turn a blind eye toward these Syrian refugees that the United Nations has tried to place with willing churches and sponsors here at home. 
Have we forgotten that it is the statue of Lady Justice that is blindfolded as she holds up a balanced scale, not the Statue of Liberty who holds the torch? 
pomp, cries she with silent lips. Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest tossed, to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door. In the last 3 weeks, more than 400 
people have died in three separate attacks as a Russian airliner has been blown from the sky, Lebanese worshippers were blown to bits, and youthful French citizens and tourists were massacred as they ate at cafes and watched a concert. 
has also looked to the United States. Where America leads, nations stand shoulder to shoulder. Where America is absent, tyranny takes it chances and rears its ugly head. But who would have thought America, through constant inaction and listless response, would allow barbarity to prosper? 
been unable to articulate his strategy to aid our allies in Iraq, Jordan, Turkey, and Israel, as they react to the disintegration of Syria on their borders. More broadly, the President has been unable and possibly unwilling to form the necessary multinational coalitions in the Middle East and elsewhere that are essential to curb barbarism and provide stability within the Sunni Arab populations of Iraq and Syria, where ISIS has filled the void. 
other places, this has been difficult for me personally to process. In service past, we sacrificed to turn the country around. I watched my American and Iraqi friends die, handled the flesh and blood of infantry combat, performed brutal personal combat to take human life, and watched with agony as the good people of Iraq suffer in absence of effective government. 
among the Sunni Arab. I have celebrated their victories, their weddings, their birthdays, and their accomplishments. I have broken bread with them and eaten at their communal bowls. I have mourned as close Sunni Arab friends have died to acts of terror, mourned when Sunni Arab educated, intelligent, and free people have been expunged by ISIS. They do not want this. They have no place to go. 
them with conviction and honesty that we would be there for them. They believed us. Then the President ordered us out. 
have sacrificed so much in Iraq weep. We defeated Saddam’s army, toppled the Baathist Government, captured and brought a world tyrant to justice, fought an insurgency and stood shoulder to shoulder with disenfranchised Sunni Arabs and Sunni Kurds to restore control to Iraq’s government. We turned the country around together with a military pause. 
Instead of the United States nurturing a nascent Iraqi infrastructure, as we have done in the Philippines, Germany, Japan, and South Korea, to give them a future, the President used that pause for abandonment, both militarily and diplomatically. 
expediency. Where we sacrificed, he quit. When America became absent, 
radical, evil Islamic jihadists filled that gap with cruelty, fear, and barbarity before, a nascent government and population had the strength to build trust and hold firm. 
advantage, whatever the supposed cost saving, whatever the heartfelt conviction of why some believed abandonment was the optimum course of action, it has instead created a political nightmare, transcending nations, and has bled more treasures and lives than any estimates our continued presence might have caused. 
of world humanity to see civilization taking such punishment from savages when a quiver of options have been available to shoot at the heart of the problem. 
America has the capacity, the intelligence, and the goodwill to rally nations, but it cannot be a unitary effort. It must be collective. It cannot be a defensive effort. It must be offensive to blunt further attack. 
saying enough is enough, President Obama proceeded to tell America and the world what the attacks on Paris were not and what our actions would not be. 
American people need rather to hear from our President what the attack was and what our actions will be to make them stop. 
The President, distracted by his ideological efforts, though sincere, on climate, has failed to see that the world is on fire. The people of our great Republic have not failed to see it. They are calling on us to stand with France and say enough is enough. 
What should be our immediate action? How about some of this? Cripple Raqqa. It is clear it is the symbolic center of ISIS power. The President’s cabinet says: We are worried about collateral damage and civilian casualties. 
we can do to end suffering of hundreds of thousands of people is to cripple what ISIS draws its strength from. Destroy their infrastructure. Hammer their electricity capacity. Drop their transmission lines. Eliminate their cell towers where they draw their communications capacity. Destroy the bridges on their roads of ingress and egress. Hammer their oil refining installations they possess and fund themselves with. We have the ability to rebuild them later, but ISIS would be diminished financially by their loss. 
Put a different way, the most humane thing we can do to protect civilians is to disrupt ISIS’ immediate ability to advance and recruit. If the U.S. leads, others will stand shoulder to shoulder. We need our President to be that man. 
Raqqa, we also need to take the handcuffs off of our military that has already deployed. Weeks to get approval 
of movement for ISIS is not a way to win anything. 
Defense to merely endorse plans put before him by our military experts. Endorse? That type of equivocation tells our military leaders: We don’t have your back. 
lead. Don’t endorse. Approve them. The Secretary must take the handcuffs off our pilots and special operations forces that are already deployed. Our warriors know what to hit. They can’t throw punches with handcuffs. 
opinion and goodwill is on our side. France has the support of all civilized countries. They will likely have the support of a U.N.sanctioned effort. They may ask for article V protections under NATO and would likely get it. 
build that coalition. NATO special operations forces, combined with Kurds and Sunni Arabs, can provide the immediate ground capacity. Safe zones where Assad cannot reach them with airstrikes and barrel bombs will give them determinations and hope. Modern civilized allies can provide airpower, logistics, the wealth, and the commitment. 
statements from Foreign Minister Lavarov that a stabilized Syrian Government cannot include Assad. We should walk through that door. That solves having to build new governance. 
She can again. Old structures can have new leaders with new coalitions that provide voice to all Syrians once ISIS is expunged. 
In Iraq, we must find a place for the 
Sunni Arab and Sunni Kurd to have selfdetermination without having to turn to ISIS. The fighters exist. But they won’t fight to be enslaved by draconian Shia Arab governance in Baghdad. That gives them no future. With Raqqa squeezed in Syria, we must build the coalition to restore Mosul and Baiji. 
and Sunni Kurd must have a place at the table both in Syria and Iraq in postconflict rebuilding. This will not be possible while savages run free and civilized nations do nothing. 
on an ISISfirst policy. Then we can settle into the less barbaric and less threatening future. We have a window. Do we have a President that will lead? 
Launch cyberattacks on ISIS recruiting Web sites. While interceptive communications is important and we want to track their movements and intentions, we cannot confuse that with allowing ISIS propaganda to reach into our free communities to turn misguided youth into neighborhood attackers. 
what draws recruitment and copycat actions in the first place. We cannot be 
just defensive in this area. Part of reducing homegrown terrorists is to cut off the juice from ISIS abroad. They should not have a free hand in our free speech. 
Now let’s talk about countermessaging. Here is what every American can do to help. American news stations and newsprint can join the fight by not putting ISISproduced videos and imagery on networks as Broll on our newscasts and in articles in our newspapers. Why should we promote their propaganda? 
and explosions of their defeat or show rather the world their acts of barbarity and the human suffering they have created for their own people. Use that for Broll. 
America must stop aiding and abetting these evil savages that use our free press, our laws, and our protections to destroy ours. Americans, write your local stations and ask them to please stop. 
While I have tried to focus my comments on actions that we should take to eliminate ISIS, one action we should not take is to become like them. America is a lamp that lights the horizon of civilized and free mankind. 
stiff arm. Her arm must continue to keep the torch burning brightly. If we use our passions, anger, and fear to snuff out her flame by xenophobic and kneejerk policy, the enemy wins. We have played into their hands, period. 
you may not know. Despite a longestablished, multilayered system to vet and bring refugees into the United States—I have worked with the International Organization for Migration on 
deployed battlefields, and I have worked with the UNHCR in their efforts to help place refugees—despite a longestablished system, despite biometric and biographic screening, despite intelligence vetting with the National Counterterrorism Center, the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center, and the Departments of State, Defense, and Homeland Security, added to the fact that Syrian refugees receive additional screening to national security concerns—and most of them are women and children—coupled with the fact that only a total of 1,900 Syrians have entered this country in the last 4 years, most of them women and children, Americans across the country now are calling on Lady Liberty to drop her torch and give the stiff arm, with perhaps even another gesture. 
these statements by Members of Congress in response to a refugee bill—not an illegal immigration bill or permanent residents, but refugees, a refugee bill. Listen to these comments by Members of Congress about people fleeing for their lives. Fighting immigration is ‘‘the best 
votegetting argument . . . The politician can beat his breast and proclaim his loyalty to America.’’ 
that he is out of work because some alien has a job.’’ 
Here is another one: Congress must ‘‘protect the youth of 
And how about this one? ‘‘American children have first claim 
quotes were from 1939. The refugee bill was not for Muslim and Christian Syrians or Iraqi Muslims, Christians and Yazidis; it was for German Jews. While it was true that Germany was, indeed, a threat, the refugees were not. They were 20,000 children. 
Not only did that bill of 1939 not pass, 
but that Congress, with the same speech and rhetoric that I have been hearing in recent days in this august Chamber, Mr. Speaker, passed hurdle after hurdle in 1939 to make it more difficult for refugees to enter. They were, unfortunately, successful. 
liberty and defends her shores not by punishing those who would be free; she does it by guarding liberty with her life. 
up. We must not become them. They win if we give up who we are, and even more so, without a fight. 
We must be watchful. We have to have each others’ back and be alert to dangers around us. We must speak up when we see something unusual. By maintaining who we are amidst the threat, amidst the hatred, amidst the trials, we win. 
safety or give me death,’’ but, rather, ‘‘Give me liberty,’’ implying that he was willing to lose his life to defend that liberty. 
Speaker, for 240 years. Now we as Americans must defend it again. 
sitting on the couch in his underwear eating his bag of cheese puffs is pecking out hatred and vitriol on some social media. 
when voters are caught up with sincere passion, demanding security that also might kill our liberty. 
who have worked hard to keep the fight off our shores by being vigilant and aware at home and while looking after their families who don’t have them to protect them. 
We will always have threats, but liberty, when lost, takes generations, if ever, to regain. 
pray for our President. How much time, really, have we spent on our knees at home for our leaders? How much counsel have we sought from the Almighty? 
It is God who has given us the spark 
of freedom. It is He we must turn to. He will take us and guide us in times of crisis, if we only ask Him and humble ourselves and seek His face as a nation. 
that nation without the aid of France. Lady Liberty would not even stand on our shores without the generosity of France. And now, as civilization faces peril and trial, we must stand the test, shoulder to shoulder with France, this 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 19, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Offical Foreign Travel during the third quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1  AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015— 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
* Indicates Delegation Costs. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CANDICE S. MILLER, Chairman, Oct. 23, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY  1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Oct. 29, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUL Y 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Oct. 17, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BEN GHAZI, HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2015 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 A ND SEPT. 30, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, Oct. 29, 2015. h 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s Major final rules — Final Rules under the Affordable Care Act for Grandfathered Plans, Preexisting Condition Exclusions, Lifetime and Annual Limits, Rescissions, Dependent Coverage, Appeals, and Patient Protections (RIN: 1210AB72) received 
3489. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Rules. House Resolution 531. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4038) to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 342). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
DELAURO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
POCAN , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Ms. E DWARDS , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): 
H.R. 4055. A bill to amend title IV of the 
Social Security Act to address the increased burden that maintaining the health and hygiene of infants and toddlers places on families in need, the resultant adverse health effects on children and families, and the limited child care options available for infants 
and toddlers who lack sufficient diapers, which prevents their parents and guardians from entering the workforce; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Affairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 4057. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to establish a criminal violation for using false communications with the intent to create an emergency response, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4058. A bill to require that in cases of 
health insurance coverage cancelled pursuant to requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act cancellation notices provided to enrollees include a statement such cancellation is because of such Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 4059. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to encourage Medicare beneficiaries to voluntarily adopt advance directives guiding the medical care they receive; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4060. A bill to establish certain conservation and recreation areas in the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to strengthen requirements related to nutrient information on food labels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
BLUMENAUER , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. N UNES , 
H.R. 4062. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to remove the enrollment restriction on certain physicians and practitioners prescribing covered outpatient drugs under the Medicare prescription drug program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
WALORSKI , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. B OST, 
Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. R YANof 
CRAWFORD , Mr. M ICA, Ms. F RANKEL of 
H.R. 4063. A bill to improve the use by the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs of opioids in treating veterans, to improve patient advocacy by the Secretary, and to expand the availability of complementary and integrative health, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4064. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the Secretary of the Treasury to withhold social security numbers on Form 990 from public disclosure; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for herself and Mr. YOHO): 
H.R. 4065. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 
1930 to provide for a deferral of the payment of a duty upon the sale of certain used yachts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 4066. A bill to enable highperformance computation and supportive research and nuclear energy innovation; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 4067. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage retirement savings by modifying requirements with respect to employerestablished IRAs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4068. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently increase the limitations on the deduction for startup and organizational expenditures; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 4069. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit the sale of firearms to individuals suspected of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4070. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to establish an emergency flood activity pilot program to assist flood response efforts in response to a levee failure or potential levee failure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 4071. A bill to direct the Administrator of General Services to establish a program to sell Federal buildings that are not utilized to provide revenue for increases in social security benefits and military retirement pay, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
that prohibits the use of Federal funds to pay for maintenance of the memorial to honor Tomas G. Masaryk in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. K USTER , 
York, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. W ELCH ): 
Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a permanent background check system; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4074. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to collect data regarding foreign travel, or repatriation, to the country of nationality or last habitual residence by an alien admitted to the United States as a refugee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish new procedures and requirements for the registration of cosmetic manufacturing establishments, the submission of cosmetic and ingredient statements, and the reporting of serious cosmetic adverse events, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 4076. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to allow for payments to States for substance abuse services furnished 
to inmates in public institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
FLORES , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. O LSON , 
H.R. 4077. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for a Medicare established provider system under which providers of services and suppliers representing a low risk for submitting fraudulent Medicare claims are provided certain claim review protections; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of any State in which it is proposed to place or resettle a Syrian refugee to refuse such placement or resettlement if the Governor makes certain certifications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
that a state of war exists between the Islamic State and the Government and the people of the United States and making provision to prosecute the same; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H. Con. Res. 94. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress regarding the treatment of State Governors who have made a determination with respect to Syrian refugees; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B ISHOP of 
20th anniversary of the Dayton Peace Accords; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H. Res. 533. A resolution expressing disapproval of the President’s plan to accept 10,000 Syrian refugees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4055. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States, which states: 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 4056. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 4057. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4058. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power. . . to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution into the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 4059. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spending Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . .’’ 
H.R. 4060. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States, as enumerated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 4061. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 4062. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 clause 1 : The Congress 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 18 : To make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 4063. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. 
Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
H.R. 4064. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4065. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of 
the United States Constitution, which respectively grant Congress the power to lay and collect duties and imposts, to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and to make all laws which shall be neccessary and proper for the execution of those powers. 
H.R. 4066. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4067. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall 
H.R. 4068. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 4069. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. MCNERNEY: 
H.R. 4070. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4071. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States’’ 
H.R. 4072. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4073. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Protection Improvements Act pursuant to ’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause. The Necessary and Proper Clause supports the expansion of congressional authority beyond the explicit authorities that are directly discernible from the text. Additionally, the Preamble to the Constitution provides support of the authority to enact legislation to promote the General Welfare. 
H.R. 4074. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
shall have Power To . . . establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ 
shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 4075. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4076. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 4077. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 4078. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 of the United 
H.J. Res. 73. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and reprisal, and make rules concerning captures on land and water; 
To raise and support armies, but no appropriation of money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years; 
To provide and maintain a navy; To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; To provide for calling forth the militia to 
execute the laws of the union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions; 
To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the states respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress; 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
York, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 556: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 699: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
H.R. 775: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
ASHFORD , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. 
H.R. 793: Mr. F ARRand Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 836: Mr. R EED, Mr. M CHENRY , and Mr. 
H.R. 932: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 1061: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. L EWIS, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. P IERLUISI , and Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. B ARTON and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. R ENACCI , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut. 
H.R. 1377: Mr. T AKAI and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. W ELCH and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1769: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 1786: Mr. B ECERRA , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. G RAVES of 
H.R. 1854: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H.R. 2043: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. R OBY, and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2101: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M AXINE  
H.R. 2218: Mr. H ANNA , Ms. B ORDALLO , and 
H.R. 2553: Mr. T AKAI, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. H UNTER , Mr. A MODEI , and 
H.R. 2739: Mr. L OBIONDO and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. P ETERSON , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
H.R. 2903: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 2916: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2917: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2931: Ms. E STYand Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 3024: Mr. P AULSEN and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 3048: Mrs. L OVEand Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 3220: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 3222: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, 
Mr. F ORBES , and Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. W ALZand Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3314: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
H.R. 3351: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 3359: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
H.R. 3384: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. C APUANO. 
H.R. 3399: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3445: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , and 
FINCHER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. F ORBES , and Mr. 
H.R. 3573: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
MICA, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mrs. E LLMERS  
of North Carolina, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Mr. L ONG, Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. 
H.R. 3706: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. K INZINGER of 
H.R. 3711: Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. S ERRANO , and 
H.R. 3714: Mr. G IBSON . H.R. 3746: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3760: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 3805: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. K ENNEDY , and 
H.R. 3841: Mr. K IND, Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3845: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 3916: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 3917: Mr. D OLD, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
H.R. 3940: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. K IND, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 3958: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. K INGof New 
H.R. 3999: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mr. B UCSHON , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 4000: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. A SHFORD , and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 4001: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Mr. F ORBES , and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 4002: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 4016: Mr. K IND, Mr. T IBERI , and Mrs. 
H.R. 4022: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and 
H.R. 4025: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M ICA, and 
H.R. 4031: Mr. J ONES , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and 
H.R. 4032: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. M ICA, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C ARTER  
of Texas, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. G OWDY , and 
H.R. 4038: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. O LSON , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. S MITH 
of Nebraska, Mr. B OST, Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. H OLDING , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B ARR, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T URNER, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
WOODALL , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. F LORES , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. W ALKER, Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mrs. B LACK , 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. MESSER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mr. B URGESS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. N UNES , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R OYCE , 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. 
CULBERSON , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
MICA, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
KLINE, Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.J. Res. 71: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Ms. F OXX, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. B UCK, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. S TIVERS. 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Ms. F OXX, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. B UCK, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. S TIVERS. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L AMBORN , 
Mr. M OULTON , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Res. 110: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and 
H. Res. 220: Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. M AXINE  
H. Res. 469: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, and Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H. Res. 514: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. K ELLY of 
Mississippi, Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H. Res. 530: Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. P ITTS, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. A DERHOLT , and 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 4038 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, 
for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would clarify that a declaration of martial 
law, or a suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, does not prevent presidential and 
congressional elections from proceeding as scheduled and does not perpetuate a term limited or defeated presidential or congressional incumbent in office beyond the expiration of the term to which that incumbent was last elected; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8029 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 2015 No. 170 