Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, compared to last summer, hardworking Maine families are saving $20 with every fillup of their vehicles. The $1,000 annual savings is buying almost 2 months of groceries for a family of four. 
saving an additional $1,000 because the cost of heating oil has plummeted. That is another 2 months of groceries. 
Republicans and Democrats to finally approve the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Our families will have more money, have more jobs, and enjoy more freedom when America increases the production and transportation of all forms of domestic energy and do it in an environmentally sensitive way. 
approve the Keystone pipeline. I respectfully ask the Senate to do the same; then together, we must ask the President to do his part. 
It is the right thing to do for more 
to the floor today to remind my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who are about to cast votes on a bill that I believe will make Wall Street a little freer to make risky bets for a few more years: Where were we 6 years ago? 
from the past with some headlines. From The Wall Street Journal, on January 7, 2009, ‘‘ADP Reports 693,000 Private Sector Jobs Lost’’; CNN, January 9, 2009, ‘‘Worst Year for Jobs Since ’45’’; Bloomberg, January 8, 2009, ‘‘December’s Job Loss Was Bad. But How Bad?’’; in The New York Times, February 14, 2009, ‘‘Job Losses Pose a Threat to Stability Worldwide.’’ 
President Obama hadn’t been in office. This was other stuff, mistakes 
that had happened in the past connected to deregulation of Wall Street. 
We were staring down the worst recession since the Great Depression. Today, we are about to embark back down that path to deregulate Wall Street again. Don’t do it. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I come before you today to honor my friend, lifetime Fayetteville resident and entrepreneur, Robert Jordan, who passed away on December 16, 2014. 
In 1952, Robert got his first job in retail at the age of 17 at the old Travis Hardware store in downtown Fayetteville. During his visits to various warehouses around town, Robert noticed items seemingly not for sale and placed off to the side. Eventually, he realized he could cheaply buy some of those discarded items, take them back to downtown Fayetteville, and sell them for a profit, while still offering his customers a good deal. 
fulltime attention to buying and selling salvage merchandise and became wellknown for his wheeling and dealing. If you wanted to know anything about the community in Fayette County or if you wanted to win an election, you went to see Robert Jordan. Robert was the guy to go to. 
popular and profitable, and it is a fine example of what American entrepreneurship is all about. The way Robert ran his business and treated customers as his friends is a true statement of the compassion and faith involved in all the aspects of his daily life, especially the big love he had for his family. 
prayers to the Jordan family, especially his wife of 60 years, Nellie, during this difficult time, and I am thankful to have met Robert and to have visited his store from time to time, but I am especially lucky to call him my friend. 
today to stand against the tactics used by the House Republicans for their partisan fights. I find it unconscionable that the House Republicans would threaten the funding of the Department of Homeland Security over the President’s executive action on immigration. 
friends in France, and now, they are going to play games with our national 
security and threaten its funding. This executive action isn’t an election strategy or a scheme to grow the Federal Government; it is a moral imperative. 
House refused to even vote on the bipartisan comprehensive immigration bill. It was widely expected that a vote on that bill would have succeeded. 
forced millions to live their lives in fear. The President’s action is the right thing to do, is the humane thing to do. 
I oppose the defunding of this executive action, Mr. Speaker, and I oppose the threatening of the funding of the Department of Homeland Security and, by extension, our national security. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Penn State World Campus on being ranked number one in the Nation for the best online bachelor’s programs in the country. 
U.S. News & World Report’s 2015 Best Online Programs and marks the highest ever ranking for the university; further, Penn State ranks in the top 10 for the best online graduate programs in business, engineering, education, and computer information technology. 
The assessment criteria included student engagement, faculty credentials and training, peer reputation, student services, and technology. 
provides highquality online education to meet the needs of busy adults who want to advance their careers, currently has 10,805 students enrolled in 119 degree and certificate programs. 
World Report has ranked online degree programs, almost 300 institutions that offer online bachelor degrees are included in the rankings. 
mater for this esteemed recognition, including the talented staff and the innovative educators at Penn State University. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of our Nation’s continued safety and national security. Recent world events vividly remind us of the importance of supporting and maintaining a strong and robust homeland security policy. 
240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, and it provides for critical, important funding to the Department, including vital support for essential law enforcement activities and programs. 
I had hoped that my Republican colleagues would bring this bill, a clean bill, to the floor; instead, we have more politics as usual. A bill that would actually be signed into law by the President is what this country needs; however, what we have is not that case today. 
It is unfortunate and extremely upsetting that the Republicans are now threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security, endangering the security of our entire country and appeasing the most extreme antiimmigration reform fringes of their party. 
and should not be a part of the debate surrounding our critically important appropriations bills for Homeland Security. 
The five amendments that the Republicans plan to attach to the bipartisan Homeland Security bill represent some of the most extreme antiimmigration legislation. 
the aisle to reject these amendments, reject this partisan gamesmanship that threatens our national security, and call on the majority to vote on and pass the original version of H.R. 240. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, last week, the wind chill in Buffalo, New York, was 20 below zero. Dead of hypothermia was Ronald Hunter. He was 21 and had untreated schizophrenia. 
A third of the Nation’s 750,000 homeless are so severely mentally ill that they cannot take care of themselves. They starve, they freeze, they live in their own squalor. 
Had Ronald had some other brain disease like Alzheimer’s, he might very well be alive today, but because he had a mental illness, the system refused to help. 
him curled up in a ball in the corner of the bedroom,’’ and I said, ‘‘What is wrong, baby?’’ 
Ronald’s parents called Crisis Services, but as his stepmom said, ‘‘Because he was 18, it was up to him if he wanted help.’’ In other words, we let him die with his rights on. 
this is a brain disease; it is not a choice? 
I will soon be reintroducing the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis 
me in rebuilding our broken mental health system, so that we have treatment before there is tragedy. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, in 2014, the American economy had the strongest job growth it has had since 1997. That is 18 years ago. We have had private sector jobs growth for 58 straight months. That is the longest stretch on record. 
the envy of the world. Inflation is tame. Gas prices are low. The deficit is falling, and the stock market is up. 
highest level since the early years of 2007. The economic outlook looks good, but it could and should be better. This success has been based on sound public policy. 
together, we can make our growing economy work for all Americans. 
today in opposition to the President’s continued use of executive action to bypass Congress and the American people in order to move forward with his own agenda. In the Granite State, we believe deeply in the rule of law and separation of powers, and the President’s abuse of executive authority runs counter to these principles. 
country to those who come here seeking a better life for themselves and their family. Every year, countless seek solace on our shores in search of economic and political freedom. 
kept up with our needs. Our current economic system is broken. Instead of encouraging legal immigration, streamlining the process, and reforming our visa system, the President has intentionally refused to enforce the laws already on the books. The President’s DACA order has encouraged thousands of children to take a perilous journey, ripping them from their families and placing their wellbeing with those who seek to exploit them. 
a signal that we won’t enforce our laws or hold those responsible for breaking them. Our immigration system can be better. Compassion for people and care to faithfully execute our laws are not mutually exclusive. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT OF 2015 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks, including extraneous material, on further consideration of H.R. 240, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 27 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 240. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, with Mr. RODNEYDAVIS of Illinois (Acting Chair) in 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, January 13, 2015, all time for general debate had expired. 
considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, namely: 
Secretary of Homeland Security, as authorized by section 102 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112), and executive management of the Department of Homeland Security, as authorized by law, $132,573,000: Provided , That not to exceed $45,000 shall be for 
official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That all official 
costs associated with the use of government aircraft by Department of Homeland Security personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Immediate Office of the Secretary and the Immediate Office of the Deputy Secretary: Provided further , That not later than 
30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security 
shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, a comprehensive plan for implementation of the biometric entry and exit data system required under section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), including the estimated costs for implementation. 
Under Secretary for Management, as authorized by sections 701 through 705 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 through 345), $187,503,000, of which not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That of 
Chief Financial Officer, as authorized by section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), $52,020,000: Provided , That the 
Chief Information Officer, as authorized by section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), and Departmentwide technology investments, $288,122,000; of which $99,028,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses; and of which $189,094,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016, shall be available for development and acquisition of information technology equipment, software, services, and related activities for the Department of Homeland Security. 
analysis and operations coordination activities, as authorized by title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $255,804,000; of which not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which $102,479,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016. 
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $118,617,000; of which not to exceed $300,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General. 
That the Border Patrol shall maintain an active duty presence of not less than 21,370 full time equivalent agents protecting the borders of the United States in the fiscal year. 
and Border Protection for operation and improvement of automated systems, including salaries and expenses, $808,169,000; of which $446,075,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017; and of which not less than $140,970,000 shall be for the development of the Automated Commercial Environment. 
infrastructure, and technology, $382,466,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
maintenance, and procurement of marine vessels, aircraft, unmanned aircraft systems, 
the Air and Marine Operations Center, and other related equipment of the air and marine program, including salaries and expenses, operational training, and missionrelated travel, the operations of which include the following: the interdiction of narcotics and other goods; the provision of support to Federal, State, and local agencies in the enforcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security; and, at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of assistance to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency humanitarian efforts; $750,469,000; of which $299,800,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses; and of which $450,669,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That no aircraft or other related 
equipment, with the exception of aircraft that are one of a kind and have been identified as excess to U.S. Customs and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair, shall be transferred to any other Federal agency, department, or office outside of the Department of Homeland Security during fiscal year 2015 without prior notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided further, That funding made available under this 
heading shall be available for customs expenses when necessary to maintain or to temporarily increase operations in Puerto Rico: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on any changes to the 5year strategic plan for the air and marine program required under the heading ‘‘Air and Marine Interdiction, Operations, and Maintenance’’ in Public Law 112–74. 
construct, renovate, equip, furnish, operate, manage, and maintain buildings, facilities, and related infrastructure necessary for the administration and enforcement of the laws relating to customs, immigration, and border security, $288,821,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care, maintenance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States: Provided , That none of the 
funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any employee for overtime in an annual amount in excess of $35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as necessary for national security purposes and in cases of immigration emergencies: Provided 
$15,770,000 shall be for activities to enforce laws against forced child labor, of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That of the 
total amount available, not less than $1,600,000,000 shall be available to identify aliens convicted of a crime who may be deportable, and to remove them from the United States once they are judged deportable: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall prioritize the identification and removal of aliens convicted of a crime by the severity of that crime: Provided further , That funding made available 
under this heading shall maintain a level of not less than 34,000 detention beds through September 30, 2015: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided, not less than $3,431,444,000 is for detention, enforcement, and removal operations, including transportation of unaccompanied minor aliens: Provided further , That of the amount provided 
for Custody Operations in the previous proviso, $45,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided for the Visa Security Program and international investigations, $43,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided further , That not 
less than $15,000,000 shall be available for investigation of intellectual property rights violations, including operation of the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center: Provided further , That none of 
That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used to continue any contract for the provision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations received by the contracted facility are less than ‘‘adequate’’ or the equivalent median score in any subsequent performance evaluation system: Provided further, That nothing under this heading shall 
enforcement automated systems, $26,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to 
pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $5,639,095,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016; of which not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That any award to deploy explosives 
detection systems shall be based on risk, the airport’s current reliance on other screening solutions, lobby congestion resulting in increased security concerns, high injury rates, airport readiness, and increased cost effectiveness: Provided further , That security service fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further , That the sum appropriated under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollarfordollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2015 so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $3,574,095,000: Provided further , That the fees 
deposited under this heading in fiscal year 2013 and sequestered pursuant to section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), that are currently unavailable for obligation, are hereby permanently cancelled: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 44923 of 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, mobile explosives detection equipment purchased and deployed using funds made available under this heading may be moved and redeployed to meet evolving passenger and baggage screening security priorities at airports: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available in this Act may be used for any recruiting or hiring of personnel into the Transportation Security Administration that would cause the agency to exceed a staffing level of 45,000 fulltime equivalent screeners: Provided further , That the preceding proviso shall not apply to personnel hired as parttime employees: Provided further, That not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a detailed report on— 
efforts and resources being devoted to develop more advanced integrated passenger screening technologies for the most effective security of passengers and baggage at the lowest possible operating and acquisition costs, including projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; 
improved technologies for passenger and baggage screening and how those savings are being used to offset security costs or reinvested to address security vulnerabilities: 
Provided further , That not later than April 15, 
2015, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a semiannual report updating information on a 
strategy to increase the number of air passengers eligible for expedited screening, including: 
measures to increase participation in Pre Check by air carriers, airports, and passengers; 
for enrollment in PreCheck through the Transportation Security Administration’s Web site, airports, and other enrollment locations; 
by the Transportation Security Administration and other trusted populations as eligible for expedited screening; 
enrollment in a Trusted Traveler program of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; 
States House of Representatives and United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorneys General, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and baggage screening. 
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to surface transportation security activities, $123,749,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
For necessary expenses for the development and implementation of intelligence and vetting activities, $219,166,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to transportation security support pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $917,226,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided , 
That not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives— 
by this Act shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the extent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to this appropriation: Provided 
further , That to the extent fees are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of recreational vessel applications, then personnel performing non recreational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform documentation under section 12114: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this 
heading, $85,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Coast Guard Headquarters Directorates until a futureyears capital investment plan for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, as specified under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ of this Act, is submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided 
heading for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism may be allocated by program, project, and activity, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act: Provided 
environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, $13,197,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
Reserve, as authorized by law; operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard reserve program; personnel and training costs; and equipment and services; $114,572,000. 
the funds provided by this Act shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for the production of the eighth National Security Cutter notwithstanding the availability of funds for postproduction costs: Provided further , That the Commandant of 
including and clearly delineating the costs of associated major acquisition systems infrastructure and transition to operations; 
year for the next 5 fiscal years or until acquisition program baseline or project completion, whichever is earlier; 
each asset, subdivided by fiscal year and including a detailed description of the purpose of the proposed funding levels for each fiscal year, including for each fiscal year funds requested for design, preacquisition activities, production, structural modifications, missionization, postdelivery, and transition to operations costs; 
including development of operational requirements, contracting actions, design reviews, production, delivery, test and evaluation, and transition to operations, including necessary training, shore infrastructure, and logistics; 
cost, performance parameters, schedule, or estimated date of completion from the original acquisition program baseline and the most recent baseline approved by the Department of Homeland Security’s Acquisition Review Board, if applicable; 
mission requirements by defining existing capabilities of comparable legacy assets, identifying known capability gaps between such existing capabilities and stated mission requirements, and explaining how the acquisition of each asset will address such known capability gaps; 
and the date of the estimate on which such costs are based, including all associated costs of major acquisitions systems infrastructure and transition to operations, delineated by purpose and fiscal year for the projected service life of the asset; 
system summary schedule performance index and cost performance index for each asset, if applicable; and 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall not delay the submission of the capital investment plan referred to by the preceding 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall have no more than a single period of 10 consecutive business days to review the capital investment plan prior to submission: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
For necessary expenses for applied scientific research, development, test, and evaluation; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, 
used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local governments, other public authorities, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, development, testing, and evaluation. 
obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plans, payment for career status bonuses, concurrent receipts, and combatrelated special compensation under the National Defense Authorization Act, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,450,626,000, to remain available until expended. 
States Secret Service, including purchase of not to exceed 652 vehicles for policetype use for replacement only; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; services of expert witnesses at such rates as may be determined by the Director of the United States Secret Service; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia, and fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control, as may be necessary to perform protective functions; payment of per diem or subsistence allowances to employees in cases in which a protective assignment on the actual day or days of the visit of a protectee requires an employee to work 16 hours per day or to remain overnight at a post of duty; conduct of and participation in firearms matches; presentation of awards; travel of United States Secret Service employees on protective missions without regard to the limitations on such expenditures in this or any other Act if approval is obtained in advance from the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives; research and development; grants to conduct behavioral research in support of protective research and operations; and payment in advance for commercial accommodations as may be necessary to perform protective functions; $1,615,860,000; of which not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement organizations in counterfeit investigations; of which $2,366,000 shall be for forensic and related support of investigations of missing and exploited children; of which $6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to investigations of missing and exploited children and shall remain available until September 30, 2016; and of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be for activities related to training in electronic crimes investigations and forensics: Provided , That $18,000,000 for 
protective travel shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided further , 
That $4,500,000 for National Special Security Events shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided further , That the 
obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from Federal agencies and entities, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel receiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available under this heading at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further , 
That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any employee for overtime in an annual amount in excess of $35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as necessary for national security purposes: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agency other than the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further , That the Director of 
the United States Secret Service may enter into an agreement to provide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis: Provided further, That none of the funds made available 
to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be obligated for the purpose of opening a new permanent domestic or overseas office or location unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided further , That not 
later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the United States Secret Service shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a report providing evidence that the United States Secret Service has sufficiently reviewed its professional standards of conduct; and has issued new guidance and procedures for the conduct of employees when engaged in overseas operations and protective missions, consistent with the critical missions of, and the unique position of public trust occupied by, the United States Secret Service: Provided 
further , That of the funds provided under this 
heading, $10,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Headquarters, Management and Administration until such report is submitted: Provided further , That for purposes of 
construction, repair, alteration, and improvement of physical and technological infrastructure, $49,935,000; of which $5,380,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for acquisition, construction, improvement, and maintenance of the James J. Rowley Training Center; and of which $44,555,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for Information Integration and Technology Transformation program execution. 
the Under Secretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate, support for operations, and information technology, $61,651,000: Provided , That not to exceed $3,825 
shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That the 
title 31, United States Code, shall be detailed by office, and by program, project, and activity level, for the National Protection and Programs Directorate. 
protection and information security programs and activities, as authorized by title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $1,188,679,000, of which $225,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided , That if, due to 
delays in contract actions, the National Protection and Programs Directorate will not fully obligate funds for Federal Network Security or for Network Security Deployment program, project, and activities as provided in the accompanying statement and section 548 of this Act, such funds may be applied to Next Generation Networks program, project, and activities, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
fees credited to this account shall be available until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service: Provided , 
For necessary expenses for the Office of Biometric Identity Management, as authorized by section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), $252,056,000: Provided , That of 
the total amount made available under this heading, $122,150,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Health Affairs, $129,358,000; of which $26,148,000 is for salaries and expenses and $86,891,000 is for BioWatch operations: Provided , That of the amount made available 
under this heading, $16,319,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for biosurveillance, chemical defense, medical and health planning and coordination, and workforce health protection: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
Emergency Management Agency, $934,396,000, including activities authorized by the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Cerro Grande Fire Assistance Act of 2000 (division C, title I, 114 Stat. 583), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2061 et seq.), sections 107 and 303 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404, 405), Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467 et seq.), the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53), the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), the PostKatrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–295; 120 
Stat. 1394), the BiggertWaters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89): Provided , That not to exceed $2,250 
shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That of the 
total amount made available under this heading, $35,180,000 shall be for the Urban Search and Rescue Response System, of which none is available for Federal Emergency Management Agency administrative costs: Provided further , That of the total 
amount made available under this heading, $30,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for capital improvements 
and other expenses related to continuity of operations at the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center: Provided further , That of 
the total amount made available, $3,400,000 shall be for the Office of National Capital Region Coordination: Provided further , That 
of the total amount made available under this heading, not less than $4,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for expenses related to modernization of automated systems. 
For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $1,500,000,000, which shall be allocated as follows: 
That such public transportation security assistance shall be provided directly to public transportation agencies. 
operations for training, exercises, technical assistance, and other programs, of which $162,991,000 shall be for training of State, local, and tribal emergency response providers: 
Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), $680,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016, of which $340,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 33 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229) and $340,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 34 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229a). 
grants, as authorized by the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), and Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $350,000,000. 
The aggregate charges assessed during fiscal year 2015, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (42 U.S.C. 5196e), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security necessary for its radiological emergency preparedness program for the next fiscal year: Provided , 
That the methodology for assessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of providing such services, including administrative costs of collecting such fees: Provided further , That fees 
received under this heading shall be deposited in this account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized purposes on October 1, 2015, and remain available until expended. 
States Fire Administration and for other purposes, as authorized by the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) and the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), $44,000,000. 
Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,033,464,494, to remain available until expended, of which $24,000,000 shall be transferred to the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General for audits and investigations related to disasters: Provided , That the Administrator of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives the following reports, including a specific description of the methodology and the source data used in developing such reports: 
carried over from the prior fiscal year to the budget year; 
carried over from the budget year to the budget year plus 1; 
funds that will be recovered for the budget year; 
amounts obligated for fire assistance, emergencies, surge, and disaster support activities; 
related to Hurricane Sandy, the cost of the following categories of spending: public assistance, individual assistance, mitigation, administrative, operations, and any other relevant category (including emergency measures and disaster resources); and 
shall publish on the Agency’s Web site not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant under section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172) the specifics of the grant award: Provided further , 
That for any mission assignment or mission assignment task order to another Federal department or agency regarding a major disaster, not later than 5 days after the issuance of the mission assignment or task order, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the following: the name of the impacted State and the disaster declaration for such State, the assigned agency, the assistance requested, a description of the disaster, the total cost estimate, and the amount obligated: Provided further , That not 
later than 10 days after the last day of each month until the mission assignment or task order is completed and closed out, the Administrator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated: Provided further , That of the amount 
provided under this heading, $6,437,792,622 shall be for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided further , That the 
funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) in excess of: 
not exceed 4 percent of the total appropriation: Provided further , That $5,000,000 is available to carry out section 24 of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033). 
For the predisaster mitigation grant program under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), $25,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
To carry out the emergency food and shelter program pursuant to title III of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11331 et seq.), $120,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That total administrative costs shall not exceed 3.5 percent of the total amount made available under this heading. 
other provision of law, funds otherwise made available to United States Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used to acquire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replacement only, for areas where the Administrator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease: Provided 
Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel between the employees’ residences and places of employment. 
Enforcement Training Center, including materials and support costs of Federal law enforcement basic training; the purchase of not to exceed 117 vehicles for policetype use and hire of passenger motor vehicles; expenses for student athletic and related activities; the conduct of and participation in firearms matches and presentation of awards; public awareness and enhancement of community support of law enforcement training; room and board for student interns; a flat monthly reimbursement to employees authorized to use personal mobile phones for official duties; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; $230,497,000; of which up to $54,154,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for materials and support costs of Federal law enforcement basic training; of which $300,000 
shall remain available until expended to be distributed to Federal law enforcement agencies for expenses incurred participating in training accreditation; and of which not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That 
the Center is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from agencies receiving training sponsored by the Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further , That section 
Enforcement Training Center shall schedule basic or advanced law enforcement training, or both, at all four training facilities under the control of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center to ensure that such training facilities are operated at the highest capacity throughout the fiscal year: Provided further, That the Federal Law Enforcement 
Training Accreditation Board, including representatives from the Federal law enforcement community and nonFederal accreditation experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforcement training accreditation process to continue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. 
real property and facilities, construction, and ongoing maintenance, facility improvements, and related expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, $27,841,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided , That the Center is 
authorized to accept reimbursement to this appropriation from government agencies requesting the construction of special use facilities. 
the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and for management and administration of programs and activities, as authorized by title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), $129,993,000: Provided , That not to exceed $7,650 shall be 
technology research, including advanced research projects, development, test and evaluation, acquisition, and operations as authorized by title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), and the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $973,915,000; of which $538,926,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017; and of which $434,989,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, solely for operation and construction of laboratory facilities: Provided , That of the funds provided for the 
operation and construction of laboratory facilities under this heading, $300,000,000 shall be for construction of the National Bio and Agrodefense Facility. 
Nuclear Detection Office, as authorized by title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 
2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), for management and administration of programs and activities, $37,339,000: Provided , That not to exceed 
$2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
nuclear research, development, testing, evaluation, and operations, $197,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Nuclear Detection Office acquisition and deployment of radiological detection systems in accordance with the global nuclear detection architecture, $72,603,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
section 503 of this Act, the unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be transferred to appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts, and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. 
this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2015, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: 
project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; 
for which funding levels were requested for Federal fulltime equivalents in the object classification tables contained in the fiscal year 2015 Budget Appendix for the Department of Homeland Security, as modified by the report accompanying this Act, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. 
provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2015, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or proceeds available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for programs, projects, or activities through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that: 
reduction in personnel that would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by the Congress, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. 
the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used to make payments to the Working Capital Fund, except for the activities and amounts allowed in the President’s fiscal year 2015 budget: Provided further, That funds provided to the Working 
Capital Fund shall be available for obligation until expended to carry out the purposes of the Working Capital Fund: Provided further, That all departmental components shall 
be charged only for direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided further, That funds provided to the Working 
Capital Fund shall be used only for purposes consistent with the contributing component: Provided further , That the Working Capital 
Fund shall be paid in advance or reimbursed at rates which will return the full cost of each service: Provided further , That the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives shall be notified of any activity added to or removed from the fund: Provided further , That the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit a quarterly execution report with activity level detail, not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter. 
provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2015, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogramming request, but not later than June 30, 2016, from appropriations for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2015 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2016, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided: Provided , 
for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2015 until the enactment of an Act authorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2015. 
grant, contract, other transaction agreement, or task or delivery order on a Department of Homeland Security multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent totaling in excess of $1,000,000; 
an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multiyear Department of Homeland Security funds; 
determines that compliance with this section would pose a substantial risk to human 
life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. 
the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of contract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, repair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. 
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2006 (6 U.S.C. 114), shall not apply with respect to funds made available in this Act. 
in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy American Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
in this Act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1448). 
last day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a monthly budget and staffing report for that month that includes total obligations of the Department for that month for the fiscal year at the appropriation and program, project, and activity levels, by the source year of the appropriation. Total obligations for staffing shall also be provided by subcategory of onboard and funded fulltime equivalent staffing levels, respectively, and the report shall specify the number of, and total obligations for, contract employees for each office of the Department. 
44945 of title 49, United States Code, funds appropriated or transferred to Transportation Security Administration ‘‘Aviation Security’’, ‘‘Administration’’, and ‘‘Transportation Security Support’’ for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 that are recovered or deobligated shall be available only for the procurement or installation of explosives detection systems, air cargo, baggage, and checkpoint screening systems, subject to notification: Provided , That semiannual reports 
shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives on any funds that are recovered or deobligated. 
this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Immigration Information Officers, Contact Representatives, Investigative Assistants, or Immigration Services Officers. 
Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ for fiscal years 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006 for the 110–123 foot patrol boat conversion that are recovered, collected, or otherwise received as the result of negotiation, mediation, or litigation, shall be available until expended for the Fast Response Cutter program. 
Enforcement Training Center instructor staff shall be classified as inherently governmental for the purpose of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (31 U.S.C. 501 note). 
Security shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2015, to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fiscal year 2015. 
or previous appropriations Acts shall be used to fund any position designated as a Principal Federal Official (or the successor thereto) for any Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) declared disasters or emergencies unless— 
latter of the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security appoints the Principal Federal Official and the date on which the President issues a declaration under section 401 or section 501 of the Robert T. Stafford 
may be used to alter operations within the Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard nationwide, including civil engineering units, facilities design and construction centers, maintenance and logistics commands, and the Coast Guard Academy, except that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce operations within any Civil Engineering Unit unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
in this Act may be used by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services to grant an immigration benefit unless the results of background checks required by law to be completed prior to the granting of the benefit have been received by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the results do not preclude the granting of the benefit. 
September 30, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘Until September 30, 2015,’’; and 
individuals transporting on their person a personaluse quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90day supply: Provided 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); or 
be used to reduce the United States Coast Guard’s Operations Systems Center mission or its governmentemployed or contract staff levels. 
the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives approve the proposed transfers. 
in this Act may be used for planning, testing, piloting, or developing a national identification card. 
this Act may be used to conduct, or to implement the results of, a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A– 76 for activities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center. 
meaning given that term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122). 
this Act to report or to certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may not delegate such authority to perform that act unless specifically authorized herein. 
other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
in this Act may be used for firstclass travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
retains personal information directly from any individual who participates in the Registered Traveler or successor program of the Transportation Security Administration shall hereafter safeguard and dispose of such information in accordance with the requirements in— 
and Technology Special Publication 800–30, entitled ‘‘Risk Management Guide for Information Technology Systems’’; 
and Technology Special Publication 800–53, Revision 3, entitled ‘‘Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems and Organizations’’; and 
by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’). 
the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that all such processes take into consideration such passengers’ and crews’ privacy and civil liberties consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. 
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services for grants for immigrant integration may be used to provide services to aliens who have not been lawfully admitted for permanent residence. 
‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Management’’, $48,600,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses to plan, acquire, design, construct, renovate, remediate, equip, furnish, improve infrastructure, and occupy buildings and facilities for the department headquarters consolidation project and associated mission support consolidation: Provided , That the Committees on 
Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall receive an expenditure plan not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Act detailing the allocation of these funds. 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Security to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless such contract is otherwise authorized by statute to be entered into without regard to the above referenced statutes. 
financial systems modernization, $34,072,000 to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
for financial systems modernization may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
shall occur until 15 days after the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. 
the proceeds, net of the costs of sale incurred by the General Services Administration and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, shall be deposited as offsetting collections into a separate account that shall be available, subject to appropriation, until expended for other real property capital asset needs of existing U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement assets, excluding daily operations and maintenance costs, as the Secretary deems appropriate: Provided further, That any sale or collocation of federally 
owned detention facilities shall not result in the maintenance of fewer than 34,000 detention beds: Provided further , That the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall be notified 15 days prior to the announcement of any proposed sale or collocation. 
section shall be used to assist and support Governmentwide and agencyspecific efforts to provide adequate, riskbased, and costeffective cybersecurity to address escalating and rapidly evolving threats to information security, including the acquisition and operation of a continuous monitoring and diagnostics program, in collaboration with departments and agencies, that includes equipment, software, and Department of Homeland Security supplied services: Provided further , That continuous monitoring 
and diagnostics software procured by the funds made available by this section shall not transmit to the Department of Homeland Security any personally identifiable information or content of network communications of other agencies’ users: Provided further, That such software shall be installed, 
maintained, and operated in accordance with all applicable privacy laws and agencyspecific policies regarding network content. 
Management and Budget shall summarize such execution reports and annually submit such summaries to Congress in conjunction with the annual progress report on implementation of the EGovernment Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347), as required by section 3606 of title 44, United States Code. 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
in this Act may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 
or any other Act may be obligated to implement the National Preparedness Grant Program or any other successor grant programs unless explicitly authorized by Congress. 
in this Act may be used to provide funding for the position of Public Advocate, or a successor position, within U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. 
Law 113–6 is amended by inserting after ‘‘payment of overtime’’ the following: ‘‘and the salaries, training and benefits of individuals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers in performing law enforcement functions at ports of entry, including primary and secondary processing of passengers’’. 
Border Protection may modify a reimbursable fee agreement in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act to include costs specified in this section. 
in this Act may be used to pay for the travel 
of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international conference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within at least 10 days of that determination and the basis for that determination: Provided , That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations. 
in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its participation in a National Special Security Event. 
to 2013, none of the funds made available in this Act may be used for new U.S. Customs and Border Protection air preclearance agreements entering into force after February 1, 2014, unless— 
consultation with the Secretary of State, has certified to Congress that air preclearance operations at the airport provide a homeland or national security benefit to the United States; 
not precluded from operating at existing preclearance locations; and 
operating at all airports contemplated for establishment of new air preclearance operations. 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall not— 
any new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry; or 
section, the term ‘‘border crossing fee’’ means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is required to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry. 
this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who prepare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to 
the Congress of the United States for programs under the jurisdiction of the Appropriations Subcommittees on the Department of Homeland Security that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget unless such budget submission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the convening of a committee of conference for the fiscal year 2016 appropriations Act. 
the end of the preceding calendar year, and the amount of weapons, subdivided by weapon type, included in the budget request for each relevant component or agency in the Department of Homeland Security; 
purchase aligns to each component or agency’s mission requirements for certification, qualification, training, and operations; and 
shall be submitted in an appropriate format in order to ensure the safety of law enforcement personnel. 
by this Act shall be used for the environmental remediation of the Coast Guard’s LORAN support in Wildwood/Lower Township, New Jersey. 
to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 fulltime equivalent employee positions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that includes— 
current year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; 
estimates of all other associated costs for each relevant Departmental component, including but not limited to personnel; equipment; supplies; facilities; managerial, technical, and advisory services; medical treatment; and all costs associated with transporting such children from one Departmental component to another or from a Departmental component to another Federal agency. 
of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c and 5187), until September 30, 2015, the President may provide hazard mitigation assistance in accordance with such section 404 in any area in which assistance was provided under such section 420. 
under sections 2003 or 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, State and Local Programs’’ in division F of Public Law 113–76 or division D of Public Law 113–6 may be used by recipients or sub recipients for costs, or reimbursement of costs, related to providing humanitarian relief to unaccompanied alien children and alien adults accompanied by an alien minor where they are encountered after entering the United States, provided that such costs were incurred during the award period of performance. 
Department of Homeland Security, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided , That no amounts 
may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177): 
balances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Border Security, Fencing, Infrastructure, and Technology’’; 
the heading ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Air and Marine Operations’’ in division F of such Act; 
balances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Construction and Facilities Management’’; 
Management Agency, National Predisaster Mitigation Fund’’ account 70x0716; and 
made available in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by section 9703 of title 31, United States Code, (added by section 638 of Public Law 102–393), $175,000,000 shall be rescinded. 
Department of Homeland Security when it was created in 2003, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: 
available to ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, Disaster Relief Fund’’, $375,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided , That 
no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further , 
Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations of the House, shall have the same effect with respect to the allocation of funds and implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–2. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ADERHOLT  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–2. 
Mr. ADERHOLT. I have an amendment at the desk. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration Enforcement: Priorities for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’ dated March 2, 2011. 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion Consistent with the Civil Immigration Enforcement Priorities of the Agency for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’ dated June 17, 2011. 
Legal Advisor of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement entitled ‘‘CasebyCase Review of Incoming and Certain Pending Cases’’ dated November 17, 2011. 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration Enforcement: Guidance on the Use of Detainers in the Federal, State, Local, and Tribal Criminal Justice Systems’’ dated December 21, 2012. 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Southern Border and Approaches Campaign’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies for the Apprehension, Detention and Removal of Undocumented Immigrants’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Secure Communities’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Individuals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Expansion of the Provisional Waiver Program’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies Supporting U.S. HighSkilled Businesses and Workers’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Families of U.S. Armed Forces Members and Enlistees’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Directive to Provide Consistency Regarding Advance Parole’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
of Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies to Promote and Increase Access to U.S. Citizenship’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
entitled ‘‘Modernizing and Streamlining the U.S. Immigrant Visa System for the 21st Century’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
entitled ‘‘Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrating Immigrants and Refugees’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
3 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. 
House Resolution 27, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ) and a 
want to thank the chairman of the Appropriations Committee (Mr. CARTER ) 
for his leadership in putting a great bill and a comprehensive bill before us this morning that deals with protecting the homeland. 
distinguished colleagues—in particular, from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ), and also Mr. B ARLETTA  
from Pennsylvania—an amendment that defunds the President’s unconstitutional executive actions on illegal immigration. 
and this morning, back in December, the House voted to fund the Federal Government for this fiscal year, FY15, but we kept funding for the Department of Homeland Security on a continuing resolution. By doing so, we were making a promise to the American people. It was a promise that once we had a Republican Senate, we would work together as a Congress to ensure the President’s unconstitutional and unilateral actions would not go unchecked. Today, this promise has been kept with this amendment before us today. 
At this time, I would like to yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ), the chairman 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. The executive actions of November 20, 2014, and the Morton memos of 2011 and 2012 are in direct contravention of congressional intent and have no standing in current law and must be dismantled. 
nothing from the devastating results of his previous executive amnesty, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, which led to nearly 70,000 children arriving on our southern border last summer at a cost of hundreds of millions of dollars to the American taxpayer. 
President’s shortsighted executive overreach, and for that reason, I strongly support its passage. 
four additional amendments today. All of them seek to correct many of the dangerous actions the President has taken on this issue and restore the rule of law. I plan to support all of these amendments and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may utilize. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this poison pill amendment, which is a laundry list of attacks on anything the executive branch has done to improve immigration and border security policy. It caters to every whim of the Republican Conference’s 
most extreme elements. It would defund the Secretary’s Southern Border and Approaches Campaign designed to unify border security efforts. It would defund policies to improve employmentbased immigration, to bring highly skilled workers into our country. It would defund the policy to parole in place family members of citizens or lawful permanent residents who seek to enlist in the U.S. military, a policy supported by the Department of Defense. Incredibly, it would defund the Department’s provision of temporary relief to individuals who were brought to this country illegally as children—those covered by the DREAM Act—and to the parents of U.S. citizens who meet certain criteria. 
Of course, it would defund the Secretary’s policy of setting immigration enforcement priorities. Every prosecutor in this country exercises some level of discretion to make the most of limited resources. We want our police to pursue murderers over traffic violators. We also should want DHS to focus enforcement efforts on illegal immigrants who pose a threat to our communities. 
President is the first to acknowledge— to pass comprehensive immigration reform to address our country’s festering immigration challenges. But in the face of House Republicans’ failure to act, the President has taken wellconsidered steps, each of them well grounded in law and precedent. If the Republican majority wishes to change the law in some way to deny him such authority, they should introduce legislation to do so. But adoption of this amendment would sabotage the Homeland Security funding bill and undermine our Nation’s security at a time of great danger. 
to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader of the House of Representatives to speak, and thank him for his leadership. 
was asked about his deportation policy early in 2013, President Obama said: 
I am the President of the United States of 
America. I am not the emperor of the United States. My job is to execute laws that are passed. 
I am not a king. I am the head of the executive branch of government. I am required to 
the President said he couldn’t ignore immigration law and create new laws by himself. But now, Mr. Chairman, President Obama has done exactly what he said he could not do. What changed between then and now? Nothing. Our Constitution is exactly the 
have the right to rewrite any law in any instance. This fact is explicitly clear in regards to immigration. Actually, when it comes to immigration, the Supreme Court stated: 
Over no conceivable subject is the legislative power of Congress more complete. 
This is not a battle between Democrats and Republicans or a battle between proimmigration and antiimmigration. It doesn’t matter whether, Mr. Chairman, you like the results of what the President did or not. This is about resisting the assault on democratic government and protecting the constitutional separation of powers. 
entire Department of Homeland Security, so that is not an issue here. So when we vote today, there is only one question to ask: Do we weaken our Constitution by allowing the Executive to legislate, or do we defend the most fundamental laws of our democracy? There is no middle ground. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), our ranking member on Appropriations. 
114th Congress started 1 week ago with Republican leadership saying they wanted to work together and govern maturely. Well, it only took a week for Republican leadership to fold to its rightwing. Instead of compromise, we see confrontation. 
being debated this morning would stop the bill, would kill the bill, hurt those who were brought here as children and know no other country than the United States, prevent the Department of Homeland Security from prioritizing the deportation of national security threats and dangerous felons, and are little more than a collection of political sound bites. 
If you don’t agree with the President’s enforcement actions, which are legal and similar to steps taken by several Republican Presidents, then let us have a serious debate about comprehensive immigration reform, then bring an immigration bill to the floor. 
Mr. Chairman, the President’s executive actions will grow the economy by $90 billion to $210 billion over the next 10 years and raise average wages for U.S.born workers by $170 a year. The House Republican proposal would not only eradicate these gains, but harm numerous security initiatives. After the tragic events in Paris, it is appalling that some would jeopardize our national security by adding these irresponsible amendments. 
and move forward with a solid, bipartisan Homeland Security bill supported by Democrats, Republicans, the House, and the Senate. 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. 
urge my colleagues to support the AderholtMulvaneyBarletta amendment. The amendment will completely defund President Obama’s unconstitutional power grab granting deferred action status and work authorization to over 4 million unlawful aliens. This policy threatens the separation of powers between Congress and the executive branch and violates President Obama’s obligation to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. 
In addition to barring the use of appropriated funds to carry out this policy, the amendment will also bar President Obama from using immigration user fees to accomplish his executive fiat. 
defunds the Obama administration’s socalled prosecutorial discretion memos that have gutted immigration enforcement within the United States, and the amendment defunds the ability of illegal aliens to receive any Federal benefit based on these policies. 
that the defunded programs have no statutory or constitutional basis and, therefore, have no legal effect. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ), 
the chairman of the Immigration Task Force of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. 
when you are playing politics with people’s lives. Just a year ago, as the Republican majority was rushing off to their retreat, they had a very different story. Here it is: 
House immigration reform, 2013. GoodlatteCantor working to give legal status to kids. House GOP leaders embrace immigration fix that includes status for undocumented. Republicans see the light on immigration reform. 
in the headlines that your party’s public policy on immigration has caused. But wait, let’s see what you said in your principles: 
legal residence and citizenship for those who were brought to this country as children through no fault of their own, those who knew no other place as home. 
undocumented youth—that was your idea, one that we applauded and we accepted and we cheered on. And 1 year later, you want to take away from 600,000 DREAMers their right to live in this country and to live legally. You 
want to deport them all. What happened? What happened? 
remind the gentleman to direct remarks to the Chair and not to other Members. 
say this. I just think if that is what happened in 1 year, what are you going to come up with next year? What is your game plan for next year if this is the kind of position you have taken from one year to the next? 
you take today I know you believe will cause fear and confusion and consternation in the immigrant community throughout this Nation, thereby causing the failure of the President’s executive order because no one will sign up. 
fruits of your action today will cause only anger and outrage and the mobilization of an immigrant community throughout this Nation that will be the death knell of the future of your party as a national institution. That is what you will reap today with this. 
with the Catholic Diocese, with evangelicals, with men of faith in Providence, Rhode Island, and people will come forward. Where will the Republican Party be? Simply telling them that we cannot do anything. 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ), the cosponsor of this 
amendment, who has been very helpful in crafting this amendment. 
rise in support of my amendment which I coauthored with my colleagues. Its purpose is simple. We defund President Obama’s unlawful executive amnesty program for illegal immigrants. As we know, the President announced it only 2 months ago. But we also know that is not when this executive amnesty truly began. It began in 2011 with the Morton memos. Those memos told officials not to pursue certain broad categories of illegal immigrants. 
Our amendment defunds the enforcement of those memos, and that goes to the heart of the amnesty program. In short, these memos told immigration officers to view the law the way President Obama wished it had been written rather than how Congress actually wrote it. That is the crux of this. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LINDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ ), the chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to 
speak against H.R. 240, the venomous and dangerous Republican appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security. 
to those in the Republican Party who are unhappy with President Obama’s executive action on immigration. It is malicious and foolishly puts our country at risk. Republicans brought this legislation under the guise of defending the Constitution, but the President’s actions are constitutional. The obstruction and political games that Republicans are playing are the true behaviors that need to be condemned. 
Republicans aren’t interested in offering solutions or working to tackle the most pressing issues facing our country. How do I know? Because instead of offering a longterm solution to fix our broken immigration system, Republicans have opted to hold hostage funding for one of the most critical agencies in our government. As they peddle their malice about immigrants to pander to their base, they put our national security at risk. We should be doing everything we can to provide our security agencies with the support and the resources they need to prevent attacks like the one that occurred in France last week. Instead, Republicans are willing to withhold funding our national security in order to send a message to the President. 
enough, this bill also attacks the most vulnerable in our society. Republican amendments seek to revictimize those who have suffered domestic violence, picking on one of the groups least able to defend themselves. When I was a kid, we just called that bullying. 
Republicans are consciously targeting millions of families who work hard, who contribute to their communities and are just trying to give their children a chance at the American Dream. You know, that same dream that many of our parents and grandparents had when they came to this country. 
Mr. Chairman, with this bill, Republicans are not just abandoning basic humanity, they are also turning their backs on the economic benefits that come with bringing these people out of the shadows. 
We could grow our economy anywhere from $90 billion to $210 billion over the next 10 years if we allow workers a chance to participate in the formal economy. 
This is a new Congress and a new opportunity to work together. As a country, we are better than this. Shame on you. 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ), who is not only a cosponsor of this amendment but who, again, was very instrumental in this amendment taking place. 
am going to do something I don’t ordinarily do on this floor, which is implore my colleagues across the aisle to please, please, please, support this amendment. Let’s take away for at least one day the ‘‘R’’ or the ‘‘D’’ from behind the President’s name. Let’s 
take away the ‘‘R’’ or the ‘‘D’’ from behind our names and look at this for what it is: a President doing something he says he cannot do—make law—using the excuse that this body cannot act so that he can. That is not how the system works, and it is wrong. 
I am here today to tell you that if in 
the future a Republican President does the same thing, I will be the first to be here with you to stand against that, to fight back. 
support the amendment even if you are voting against the bill in order to send the message that law is not made in the White House. Law is not made because Congress fails to act. Law is made in this room when we do act, and every single time any President violates that, he violates all of this institution. 
Chairman, may I inquire as to the remaining time on both sides? 
from North Carolina has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Alabama has 4 minutes remaining. 
yield 30 seconds to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
Nation’s Constitution is clear. Congress holds the power of the purse. There are no exceptions. There is no asterisk, and there is no fine print. The Founders designed our government in order to prevent these exact circumstances—a President who ignores the law, refuses to work with Congress and intends to govern unilaterally. 
Whatever your views on the President’s plan, it is the responsibility of every Member of this House to support this amendment, to maintain our representative government, and to uphold the framework of our Republic. 
Our immigration system isn’t broken. It is just not being used. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ), who is joining 
us from the Birmingham area and is a new Member of the House of Representatives. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, President Obama has created a constitutional crisis by taking action that in his own words ‘‘changes the law.’’ That power is not vested in the President. It is vested in Congress, along with the power of the purse, as has been mentioned, to take action when the executive branch overreaches. 
It is about defending and upholding the Constitution. In that regard, this amendment defunds the President’s actions, and I am proud to support it. 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Chairman, 8 days ago Members of this House said the following: 
I do solemnly swear that I will support and 
defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God. 
House and its Members fulfill that oath. We have a choice here. We can either agree with what the President did or defend the Constitution. Vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
yield 30 seconds to the distinguished gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), a new Member to this 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I rise in support of this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, many of my constituents are much like me. We are ready for a government that works like the one that we studied in civics class, one with coequal branches of power. 
the price of greatness is responsibility. As members of the legislative branch, voting ‘‘yes’’ for this amendment is a responsible step in the right direction. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
again let me just say before the gentleman closes, the amendment here before us today prevents any funds appropriated, or user fees collected by any Federal agency, to be used to carry out the executive actions that were announced on November 20, 2014, which would grant deferred action to an estimated 4 million people in the country illegally and unlawfully. 
that was made by the Republican House of Representatives at the end of last year, and we addressed this issue saying that we would work on this issue, make a commitment to address this issue of the President’s action when this bill came to the floor, and this is fulfilling that promise today. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle for the good work done on the underlying bill, our bipartisan, bicameral negotiated agreement on Homeland Security. 
It is really a shame that we are faced 
here today with an amendment that has the potential to wreck this good bill and to damage the Homeland Security Department so badly. Now, I don’t say that lightly. I think Members 
know I don’t interject terms like ‘‘poison pill’’ into debates lightly; but, believe me, that term applies to the amendment we are now considering. 
whim of the most extreme elements of the Republican Conference. It doesn’t just roll back the President’s recent executive action—which, by the way, is thoroughly grounded in law and precedent. It goes beyond that. It rolls back in its entirety the progress that has been made over many years on prioritizing dangerous criminals for deportation and bringing common sense to our deportation policy. 
Republicans are putting at risk a full year funding bill, worked out months ago, for the Department of Homeland Security, and they are doing that at a time of heightened alert. 
abuse, probably the worst I have ever seen, of the appropriations process. More than that, it is a reprehensible, reckless tactic which will compromise—has already compromised— the full and effective functioning of our Homeland Security Department and puts the security of our country at risk. 
rejection, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the AderholtMulvaneyBarletta Amendment to H.R. 240, the Fiscal Year 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Act. 
I oppose the amendment because it is nothing more than the Republican majority’s latest partisan attack on the President and another diversionary tactic to avoid addressing the challenge posed by the nation’s broken immigration system. 
the Aderholt Amendment is adopted so I urge my colleagues to defeat this irresponsible amendment which has the potential to put the security of our homeland at risk. 
game of Russian Roulette with the security of America’s homeland by recklessly adding this ‘‘poison pill’’ to legislation needed to fund the agencies and programs charged with securing the border and protecting the homeland. 
to prohibit the executive branch from exempting or deferring from deportation any immigrants considered to be unlawfully present in the United States under U.S. immigration law, and to prohibit the administration from treating those immigrants as if they were lawfully present or had lawful immigration status. 
9, 2015 the effective date of these prohibitions—thereby retroactively blocking the executive actions taken President Obama to address our broken immigration system by providing smarter enforcement at the border, prioritize deporting felons—not families—and allowing certain undocumented immigrants, including the parents of U.S. citizens and lawful residents, who pass a criminal background check and pay taxes to temporarily stay in the U.S. without fear of deportation. 
Mr. Chair, let me briefly discuss why the executive actions taken by President Obama are reasonable, responsible, and within his constitutional authority. 
Under Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution, the President, who is the nation’s Chief Executive, ‘‘shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ 
obligation to execute the law, the Supreme Court has consistently interpreted the Take Care Clause as ensuring presidential control over those who execute and enforce the law and the authority to decide how best to enforce the laws. See, e.g., Arizona v. United States; Bowsher v. Synar; Buckley V. Valeo; Printz v. United States; Free Enterprise Fund v. PCAOB. 
the agencies that enforce immigration laws, has ‘‘prosecutorial discretion’’—the power to decide whom to investigate, arrest, detain, charge, and prosecute. 
Homeland Security (DHS), may develop discretionary policies specific to the laws they are charged with enforcing, the population they serve, and the problems they face so that they can prioritize resources to meet mission critical enforcement goals. 
removed from the United States and the procedures for doing so. Aliens may be removed if they were inadmissible at the time of entry, have been convicted of certain crimes, or meet other criteria set by federal law. Removal is a civil, not criminal, matter. A principal feature of the removal system is the broad discretion exercised by immigration officials. Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all. If removal proceedings commence, 
aliens may seek asylum and other discretionary relief allowing them to remain in the country or at least to leave without formal removal. (emphasis added) (citations omitted). 
States, also strongly suggests that the executive branch’s discretion in matters of deportation may be exercised on an individual basis, or it may be used to protect entire classes of individuals such as ‘‘[u]nauthorized workers trying to support their families’’ or immigrants who originate from countries torn apart by internal conflicts: 
Discretion in the enforcement of immigration law embraces immediate human concerns. Unauthorized workers trying to support their families, for example, likely pose less danger than alien smugglers or aliens who commit a serious crime. The equities of an individual case may turn on many factors, including whether the alien has children born in the United States, long ties to the community, or a record of distinguished military service. 
Some discretionary decisions involve policy choices that bear on this Nation’s international relations. Returning an alien to his own country may be deemed inappropriate even where he has committed a removable offense or fails to meet the criteria for admission. The foreign state may be mired in civil war, complicit in political persecution, or enduring conditions that create a real risk that the alien or his family will be 
other countries requires the Executive Branch to ensure that enforcement policies are consistent with this Nation’s foreign policy with respect to these and other realities. 
in the area of removal proceedings, President Obama has acted responsibly and reasonably in determining the circumstances in which it makes sense to pursue removal and when it does not. 
Obama not done anything that is novel or unprecedented. 
Here are a just a few examples of executive 
action taken by several presidents, both Republican and Democratic, on issues affecting immigrants over the past 35 years: 
1. In 1980, President Jimmy Carter exercised parole authority to allow Cubans to enter the U.S., and about 123,000 ‘‘Mariel Cubans’’ were paroled into the U.S. by 1981. 
executive action in 1987 to allow 200,000 Nicaraguans facing deportation to apply for relief from expulsion and work authorization. 
issued an executive order that granted Deferred Enforced Departure (DED) to certain nationals of the People’s Republic of China who were in the United States. 
executive order granting DED to certain Haitians who had arrived in the United States before Dec. 31, 1995. 
a policy of granting parole to the spouses, parents, and children of military members. 
Mr. Chair, because of the President’s leadership and farsighted executive action, 594,000 undocumented immigrants in my home state of Texas are eligible for deferred action. 
united with their families and receive a temporary work permit, it would lead to a $338 million increase in tax revenues, over five years. 
Mr. Chair, the President’s laudable executive actions are a welcome development but not a substitute modernizing the nation’s immigration laws. Only Congress can do that. 
America’s borders are dynamic, with constantly evolving security challenges. Border security must be undertaken in a manner that allows actors to use pragmatism and common sense. 
And as shown by the success in the last 
Congress of H.R. 1417, the bipartisan ‘‘Border Security Results Act, which I helped to write and introduced along with the senior leaders of the House Homeland Security Committee, we can do this without putting the nation at risk or rejecting our national heritage as a welcoming and generous nation. 
H.R. 15, the bipartisan ‘‘Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act,’’ legislation which reflects nearly all of the core principles announced professed last year by House Republicans. 
has set the example for the world as to what can be achieved when people of diverse backgrounds, cultures, and experiences come together. 
It is now time to open the golden symbolized by Lady Liberty’s lamp to the immigrant community of today so they can participate fully in the American Dream. 
been waiting patiently for far too long for their chance. 
We can and should seize this historic opportunity pass legislation to ensure that we have in place adequate systems and resources to secure our borders while at the same preserving America’s character as the most open and welcoming country in the history of the world and to reap the hundreds of billions of dollars in economic productivity that will result from comprehensive immigration reform. 
President Obama has acted boldly, responsibly, and compassionately in exercising his constitutional authority to enforce the immigration laws in an effective and humane manner. 
to debate comprehensive immigration reform legislation for more than 500 days, disapprove of the lawful actions taken by the President, an alternative course of action is readily available to them: pass a bill and send it to the President for signature. 
The President has shown responsible leadership. The next move is for congressional Republicans to stop playing Russian Roulette with the security of America’s homeland and bring to the floor a clean Homeland Security spending bill that the President can sign into law. 
I urge all Members to join me in opposing 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–2. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
3 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. 
House Resolution 27, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) and 
I rise today in support of my amendment to freeze the President’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which was unlawfully created by executive memo on June 15, 2012. 
funding, fees, or resources from being used to consider or adjudicate any new, renewal, or previously denied application for any alien requesting consideration for deferred action. 
that the Congress shall have power ‘‘to establish an uniform rule of naturalization’’—Congress, not the Executive. President Obama has circumvented Congress and unilaterally rewritten immigration law from the Oval Office. 
President Obama’s amnesty is unconstitutional and that, number one, ‘‘Inaction by Congress does not make unconstitutional executive action constitutional’’; and, number two, ‘‘Executive action goes beyond prosecutorial discretion. It is legislation.’’ That is the reason we bring the amendment. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I strongly support her amendment to H.R. 240, which prohibits Federal funding or resources from being used to adjudicate any new, renewal, or previously denied application for the President’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. It is that simple. 
The President’s DACA program, announced by the President and the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security on June 15, 2012, violates the laws Congress has written and is a usurpation of the plenary authority over immigration law that article I, section 8, clause 4 of the United States Constitution confers upon the legislative branch. 
For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the gentlewoman’s amendment to defund DACA. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I 
disturbed by the nature of this Blackburn amendment because it would prevent the use of Federal funds or resources to consider or adjudicate any new, renewal, or any previously denied application for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, or any subsequently similar program. This amendment is similar to the same Blackburn bill that passed the House in August of 2014. 
the DACA program, the DREAMers, ladies and gentlemen, my colleagues. The amendment prevents new persons from applying for DACA and explicitly prohibits further efforts to renew deferred action under this amendment. 
Hundreds of thousands of young people who came forward, passed background checks, obtained DACA, and have since followed the law would be deportable at the end of their 2year deferred action period. This is serious; it is dangerous. 
and antifamily. This is a vote to deport DREAMers. These applicants who have applied have positive impacts on both job growth and economy. 
applicants without work authorization and would expose many of them to deportation to a country that they don’t even know. We should be passing legislation to keep DACA recipients in our country because they have a net impact on our communities. 
same antiimmigranttype rhetoric that has dominated conservatives and is further evidence that the majority is not interested in fixing our broken immigration system, but is only interested in penalizing members of our community who seek to work, go to school, and remain with their family. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), who is one of our Members 
who had truly a significant career as a prosecutor before coming to this Chamber. 
from going towards the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, known as DACA. Make no mistake about it, this program has become a magnet for drawing children from Central America, further putting thousands of children’s lives at risk as they embark on a very dangerous journey, which does not only include unsafe conditions, but they are also vulnerable to abuse along the way. This program must be shut down. 
the aisle are not telling the American people that Homeland Security is fully funded. As a matter of fact, it has funded more than $1 billion than the President asked for and more than $400 million from last year. 
it is because the President vetoes the budget because he cannot get his way on amnesty for illegal aliens. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ). 
so that we can be very clear about this because I think we need to understand the difference between the rhetoric of today and the rhetoric of 1 year ago. 
our country was that children would not be punished for the mistakes of their parents. 
I didn’t write this. No one on our side 
of the aisle wrote this. I wish I would have. I am sure we would have all been proud to have been coauthors or cosponsors of that statement. 
What happened to that principle? You just gave it up, it doesn’t mean anything to you anymore, you don’t care about children, you think children should be held responsible for the actions of their parents? Because that is precisely what you are saying today, because 600,000 young people came forward and did exactly this. 
because you said—and we were so happy because we thought we were moving forward because we thought the Republican Party was finally turning a page. You said: 
legal residence and citizenship for those who were brought to this country as children. 
deny that this isn’t one of the principles you took into your conference last year. It is what you took. What happened 1 year later? 
Well, you know, here is what happened, I think. You guys always say the same thing: Oh, it is that KING 
from Iowa. He tricks us at the last second. He brings in one of these poisonous things, and there is nothing we can do about it. 
when you did it with all the premeditation and thoughtfulness and viciousness to bring this amendment forward with the support of your complete Conference? This is not a surprise. You thought this out. 
Let me just tell you about one number—yeah, there are 600,000—it is 270, that is the electoral college. It is the number it takes to elect the President of the United States. You are out of reach there. 
Chair would ask Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Chairman, how much time is remaining on each side? 
from Tennessee has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Michigan’s time has expired. 
things. The Democrats like to say, Madam Chairman, that this is radical. 
ask my colleagues a question: Is it radical to support the rule of law? Is it radical to fight for American workers who are going to lose their jobs to illegal aliens? Is it radical to prioritize legal immigrants that are coming to this country? Is it radical to try to protect children that are in this program via the Office of Refugee Resettlement? 
Republicans are playing politics with national security. Let me ask you another question: Why were they saying nothing this summer when the southern border was being overrun with all sorts of trafficking—human trafficking, sex trafficking, weapons trafficking, drug trafficking? 
Here are the facts. DACA became effective August 15, 2012. In fiscal year 2014, the Office of Refugee Resettlement released 53,518 unaccompanied children here in the U.S. It is a magnet. 
Seventyfive percent of all Americans reject the Obama executive amnesty. Eighty percent of Americans don’t want foreign workers taking jobs from Americans. 
here. We have two choices. We are either a Nation of laws or we are lawless. 
State into a border State, every town into a border town; and unfortunately, the lawless amnesty has taken Democrats from the party of ‘‘yes, we can’’ to acting like the party of ‘‘because we can.’’ 
opposition to the Blackburn Amendment to H.R. 240, the Fiscal Year 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Act. 
I oppose the amendment because it is nothing more than the Republican majority’s latest partisan attack on the President and another diversionary tactic to avoid addressing the challenge posed by the nation’s broken immigration system. 
the Blackburn Amendment is adopted so I urge my colleagues to defeat this irresponsible amendment which has the potential to put the security of our homeland at risk. 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) from using federal funds to implement enforcement guidance governing the exercise of prosecutorial discretion to ensure that scarce resources are targeted toward aliens 
who pose a danger to national security or a risk to public safety and not wasted on Dream Act children who pose no threat to our nation. 
I oppose the Blackburn Amendment because it is hypocritical, irresponsible, and meanspirited. 
amendment regularly claim that their refusal to compromise on budget issues and their support for sequestration is motivated by their belief in the importance of setting spending priorities. 
ICE the ability to use its limited resources in the most efficient manner to achieve its highest priorities which are apprehend, detain, and remove aliens who pose a danger to national security or a risk to public safety. 
because it seeks to prevent trained, experienced, and professional agents and prosecutors from exercising their discretion and acting on the basis of what everyone knows to be true: that there is a vast difference between a terrorist bent on harming America and DREAM Act kid studying hard in school so he or she can graduate and join the Armed Services and willingly risk his or her life to defend the country. 
This inefficient use of resources wastes taxpayer dollars and does nothing to keep America safe. 
spirited because it would have ICE target its limited resources on innocent, law abiding, young people who were brought to this country as children and would have them deported to a foreign land even though America is the country they know as home and the only to which they have ever pledged allegiance. 
many times to Iraq and Afghanistan and always the highlight of my visit was meeting the young men and women who are willingly risking their lives to defend the country they love more than life. 
thousands of soldiers fighting for us in Afghanistan and elsewhere who are not yet American citizens but who dream that one day they will become citizens of the nation they gladly risk their lives to defend. 
have ICE agents and prosecutors pretend to see no difference between someone like these veterans who came to this country as an undocumented immigrant and an alien engaged in or suspected of espionage or terrorism. 
It does nothing to make America safer. And, just as bad, it is inconsistent with 
the United States has set the example for the world as to what can be achieved when people of diverse backgrounds, cultures, and experiences come together. 
It is now time to open the golden symbolized by Lady Liberty’s lamp to the immigrant community of today so they can participate fully in the American Dream. 
like the Blackburn Amendment, we should instead seize this historic opportunity pass legislation to ensure that we have in place adequate systems and resources to secure our 
borders while at the same preserving America’s character as the most open and welcoming country in the world and to reap the hundreds of billions of dollars in economic productivity that will result from the passage of comprehensive immigration reform legislation. 
I urge all Members to join me in opposing 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–2. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
3 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. 
House Resolution 27, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) and a 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY). 
of H.R. 240, the Homeland Security Appropriations Act, and to offer this 
If we are going to fix a broken immigration law, the way to do it is to uphold the rule of law, not undermine it. President Obama has offered amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. That 
not only undermines the rule of law, it threatens American jobs. It is dangerous and irresponsible. 
from Alabama, to get this bill to the floor today so that we can responsibly fund the Department of Homeland Security but also defund the President’s unlawful executive amnesty. 
example of why the President acting unilaterally to circumvent Congress is a bad idea? Well, this amendment that we offer today demonstrates that. 
Right now, illegal immigrants convicted of child abuse, sexual offenders, and domestic abusers, are not a top priority for deportation in this country. This amendment simply makes them a priority for deportation. This is an example as to why the President circumventing Congress is not only a bad idea, but it undermines the law. 
I ask my colleagues to not only support this very important amendment, but also to support the underlying bill that uses the power of the purse. It is Congress’ responsibility to defund the unlawful, unconstitutional acts of this President and his executive amnesty. 
harmful. The memorandum issued by the Department of Homeland Security already makes people convicted of these crimes ineligible for deferred action and already makes them top priorities for deportation. 
So, at best, this amendment is duplicative, but it does something else. In the memorandum there is this proviso: 
In evaluating whether the offense is a significant misdemeanor involving domestic violence, careful consideration should be given to whether the convicted alien was also the victim of domestic violence. If so, this should be a mitigating factor. 
so that is why so many supporters of services to domestic violence victims are opposing this amendment. That includes the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, the law enforcement officers group. They all oppose this amendment because they say it will make victims of domestic violence less able to seek help, less willing to call the police, and more likely to remain victims of domestic violence. 
convicted of aggravated felonies, which includes child molestation, child pornography, rape, or any crime of violence, are a top priority for deportation. They are excluded from relief under what the President did, as are significant misdemeanors, which includes convictions of domestic violence. 
looks. This is trying to correct a problem that does not exist, but also creates a problem for domestic violence victims in the solution to a nonproblem. 
Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) 
and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Chair, I rise in support of a clean Homeland Security Appropriations bill that has bipartisan support and oppose the Republican amendments. 
of a clean Homeland Security Appropriations bill that has bipartisan support and will ensure the security of the American people and in opposition to the Republican Amendments to this legislation, most notably the Aderholt and Blackburn Amendments. 
of any funds to expand the DACA program, which has helped thousands of young people in my district in North and East Houston and Harris County come out of the shadows and be able to go to college and get a job without fear of deportation, as well as the Administration’s recently announced DAPA initiative, which would similarly help up to 5 million immigrants who are parents and spouses of U.S. Citizens, who will be required to get right with the law and pay back taxes before receiving relief. 
DACA program, deporting hundreds of thousands of DREAMer young people who were brought to this country as children and know no other home. 
than poison pills that will ruin months of bipartisan work by the Appropriations Committee and endanger funding for the very agencies that protect our country from terrorists, drug cartels, and organized crime and harm millions of immigrants who simply want to get right with the law and a fair, transparent path to legalization and earned citizenship. 
The whole world saw the horrific acts of terrorism in Paris and France last week which resulted in the deaths of 17 innocent people, including 3 police officers, by 4 suspects who are believed to have connections with al Qaeda. 
the last thing this chamber should contemplate is another fabricated funding crisis. 
The Obama Administration has already announced its support of the bill, as introduced, and will sign this mustpass legislation into law immediately. 
I call on my colleagues to support the clean 
passage of the underlining legislation, oppose these cynical amendments, and to join me in calling for this Congress to take on comprehensive immigration reform and fix our broken immigration system once and for all. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman of 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for the work he and Mrs. ROBYdid on this amendment. 
Madam Chair, this amendment simply requires the Department of Homeland Security to treat any alien convicted of any offense involving domestic violence, sexual abuse, child molestation, or child abuse or exploitation as a top priority for immigration enforcement. Unfortunately, the current priorities created by the Obama administration on November 20, 2014, treat certain aliens convicted of domestic violence, convicted of sexual abuse, or convicted of exploitation as a secondary priority. 
While aliens convicted of a ‘‘significant misdemeanor,’’ such as domestic violence, sexual abuse, or exploitation, are deemed a secondary priority for removal, they can stay in the United States in contravention of duly enacted law if they simply show ‘‘factors’’ warranting release. 
The amendment corrects these irresponsible policies of the Obama administration and ensures that criminal aliens convicted of domestic violence and sexual abuse are treated as top priorities for removal. 
For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the Democratic leader. 
the gentlelady for yielding and for her exceptional leadership, as well as that of the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. CONYERS , and the work of 
your staff to bring the facts to the fore 
amendments for reasons I spelled out for half an hour last night. Not to go into them again, but I want to say how disconcerting this is after we have seen the President act with authority under the law and also according to precedent of every President, Democratic and Republican, since President Eisenhower. That is why it is very disturbing to see the Speaker of the House saying President Obama has submitted his legacy of lawlessness. 
Reagan lawless? Was President George Herbert Walker Bush lawless? Was President George W. Bush lawless? I never heard him say that about any executive actions taken by them. 
amendments, specifically, to the DeSantis amendment. Opposition is contained in a letter from the National Catholic Conference of Bishops. On behalf of the bishops, they write to ask that we oppose immigrationrelated amendments in the bill. Specifically to DeSantis, they say: 
amendment would prevent the Department of Homeland Security from implementing its memoranda setting civil immigration enforcement priorities. While presented as a measure that helps domestic violence victims, we fear that it actually would discourage many such victims from reporting abuse. Immigrants face obstacles to reporting crimes that have been perpetrated against them. This amendment would perpetuate this problem. 
on all of the amendments, and I call to their attention the letter from the bishops urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendments, which I will submit for the RECORD . 
U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) Committee on Migration, I write to ask that you oppose immigrationrelated amendments to H.R. 240, the Fiscal Year 2015 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Appropriations Act which are being offered by Representatives Aderholt, Blackburn, and DeSantis, respectively. I urge your opposition to these amendments, which attempt to defund and block implementation of the Administration’s executive actions on immigration taken on November 20th to help keep immigrant families with U.S. Citizen and Legal Permanent Resident children together, as well as block continued implementation of the Administration’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) initiative. 
amendment would bar the use of funds for nearly all of the Administration’s November 20th Executive Actions on Immigration and undermine numerous Department of Homeland Security (DHS) memos that outline deportation priorities and prosecutorial discretion. Representative Aderholt’s amendment would place millions of hardworking immigrant families in peril and perpetuate situations of family separation. In addition, this amendment would upend existing DHS deportation and discretion priorities and force millions of undocumented people to return to living in the shadows to avoid new draconian deportation priorities. Representative Aderholt’s amendment would cause immigrant families to suffer great harm and would frustrate the existing administration of immigration laws. 
amendment would effectively repeal the Deferred Action Childhood Arrival (DACA) program by denying funds to new, previously denied, and renewal DACA applications. The amendment would therefore affect hundreds of thousands of hardworking ambitious immigrant children. As you know, DACA has benefited youth who have been able to work and pursue education, thus helping them to reach their potential and contribute to our nation. Forcing these children back into the shadows and exposing them to the threat of deportation would undermine their future contributions to our nation, and treat them as criminals in the only homeland they have ever known. 
amendment would prevent DHS from implementing its memoranda setting civil immigration enforcement priorities. While presented as a measure that helps domestic violence victims, we fear that it actually would discourage many such victims from reporting abuse. Immigrants face obstacles to reporting crimes that have been perpetrated against them. This amendment would perpetuate this problem. 
In our churches and in our parishes, we see 
firsthand the devastation of family separation and the family breakdown that results from such separation. For this reason, we strongly oppose these amendments and ask that you vote against them. Should any of them be agreed to, we would ask that you oppose the underlying bill. Instead, we urge you to pass just and humane immigration reform legislation that addresses all aspects of our broken immigration system. Such legislation is the best solution to our currently broken system. We welcome the opportunity to work with this Congress to fix our immigration system through comprehensive legislative means. We stand ready to work with the leaders of both parties to protect poor and vulnerable people, promote human life and dignity, and advance the common good. 
the version of H.R. 240 being brought to the House floor excludes prolife language that the House has included in its draft Homeland Security appropriations bills in recent years. This provision simply maintains the longstanding ban on use of DHS funds for abortions, a necessary step because DHS funds are no longer covered by the abortion funding ban contained in the Commerce/Justice/ Science appropriations bills. We strongly urge that this important provision be restored to the bill before it is taken up by the full House, or that an amendment restoring it be made in order on the House floor. 
Ms. PELOSI. Again, what is disturbing about this is that you may have a difference of opinion about immigration or this or that, but don’t describe the President as lawless and to use the Constitution as the basis for this debate when, in fact, the courts have upheld the rights of our Presidents to take executive action in relationship to protecting immigrants in our country—every President, Democratic and Republican, from President Eisenhower to the present. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on all of the 
wants to focus all of our resources on the criminals, and yet, over the last 2 years, by DHS’ own figures, this administration has released 66,000 individuals who have been criminally convicted in our country and who are illegally in our country. The number of crimes and the quality of crimes is stunning: some are homicides; some are rapes; some are drug trafficking. 
I think you have seen a record developed over the last several years that has put the public safety at risk, so I am perplexed why someone would oppose this amendment. If somebody is convicted of molesting a child, maybe it doesn’t qualify under the highest priority. The administration wants to dismiss it as a significant misdemeanor. Why would we have any tolerance for child molestation? If you are not in our 
of an offense like that, you should be gone. 
And the fact of the matter is, as a prosecutor, you have to make some tough decisions. You may not be able to put a young child victim on the stand. You may have problems with evidence, and you may have to do a plea to a lesser charge because of the family’s concerns and because of what that could do to a victim. That perpetrator is no less dangerous to our community and to our society. 
to vote ‘‘no’’ on this are basically saying we don’t want a zerotolerance policy against child molesters and sexual offenders. I don’t care what offense it is, if you touch a child, you are here illegally, you are gone. 
I urge people to vote in favor of this 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
Ms. EDWARDS. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time. 
I will enter in the R ECORD a letter 
from the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women opposing the DeSantisRoby amendment. 
Committee of the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence (‘‘NTF’’), comprised of national leadership organizations advocating on behalf of sexual and domestic violence victims and women’s rights, we write in opposition to the Aderholt and DeSantis amendments to the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill. These amendments are overly broad, sweep large numbers of victims into their scope and ignore the best interests of victims and their children. 
We recently celebrated the twentieth anniversary of the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act (‘‘VAWA’’), which has, since it was first enacted, included critical protections for immigrant victims of domestic and sexual violence. The proposed amendments serve to undermine protections from removal for victims of domestic and sexual violence and undercut the spirit of VAWA. 
We strongly urge you to vote NO on the 
This amendment prevents ICE from implementing the new detention and deportation priorities set in the November 20, 2014 Executive Action memo regarding Policies for the Apprehension, Detention and Removal of Undocumented Immigrants by preventing its implementation. 
This amendment disallows funding to support implementation, administration, enforcement, or carrying out of any policy that does not prioritize enforcement against those with domestic violence, and sexual abuse, and child abuse convictions. In particular, the November 20th guidance recognizes that immigrant victims of domestic violence may be convicted of violence themselves, and the amendment removes DHS discretion to consider the facts underlying the conviction. How it affects victims of domestic and sexual violence: 
seek help when they know that the consequences to the perpetrator (for example, a spouse or parent, or perhaps other family member) may result in the perpetrator’s deportation. This often takes place due to their financial dependence, and even close relationship to the perpetrator. As a result, this amendment will discourage victims from seeking help, reducing reporting and prosecution of crimes, creating communities that are less safe and in which victims are more likely to endure abuse. 
arrested and prosecuted for domestic violence, even when they are not the primary perpetrator of violence in the relationship. This frequently happens due to language and cultural barriers. Often, victims are desperate to be released and reunited with their children upon arrest and/or during trial. These factors—combined with poor legal counsel, particularly about the immigration consequences of criminal pleas and convictions—have in the past and will likely continue to lead to deportation of wrongly accused victims who may have pled to or been unfairly convicted of domestic violence charges. 
exploitation and domestic violence convictions already fall within the highest priorities for enforcement; this amendment removes DHS discretion to consider the needs of victims. 
Among other things, the amendment prevents the use of funds or fees for all of the November 20, 2014 Executive Action mandates by the president, including the renewal and continuation of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program for young people who arrived in the United States as children, and hinders the ability to implement the Deferred Action for Parental Accountability (DAPA) program, which provides protection for parents of U.S. citizen and Legal Permanent Resident children. These programs grant immigrants who are not priorities for removal some protection from removal. 
The amendment prohibits any ‘‘substantially similar’’ policy changes to these memos in the future. 
funds or fees to ‘‘grant any Federal benefit’’ to any noncitizen pursuant to any of the policy changes in these memos. 
to consider the needs of victims of domestic and sexual violence, including the trauma they have experienced, in prioritizing enforcement activities. 
consequence of reporting crimes committed against them as a result of local law enforcement entanglement with ICE in implementing the Secure Communities Program. 
As a result, many violent crimes will go unreported. 
needs of immigrant victims of domestic and sexual violence, and reject these amendments. These recommendations are endorsed by the Immigration subcommittee and the steering committee of the National Taskforce to End Sexual and Domestic Violence, including The Asian Institute on Gender Based Violence, ASISTA Immigration Assistance, Casa de Esperanza: National Latin@ Network for Healthy Families and Communities, Futures Without Violence, National Immigrant Justice Center, the National Network to End Domestic Violence, and the Washington State Coalition Against Domestic Violence. 
Huang, Washington State Coalition Against Domestic Violence or Andrea Carcamo, Casa de Esperanza. 
former executive director of the National Network to End Domestic Violence, I join the network of every State domestic violence coalition and the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women in opposing this amendment. 
Often—too often—in cases of domestic violence, law enforcement show up at a home, they can’t figure out what happened, both parties are arrested, and down the line both plead to misdemeanor domestic violence offenses. This happens all the time all around the country. For the victim, it may be because she just wants to get it out of the way to get back to her children or she has been threatened with further violence by her abuser or with her immigration status held over her head. 
that in too many of these circumstances, no one—not law enforcement, prosecutors, judges, or even her attorney, if she is fortunate to have one—tells her that by pleading to the misdemeanor, her immigration status is threatened and she faces deportation. 
means that we still have a lot of work to do when it comes to domestic violence. It is why we reauthorized the Violence Against Women Act in the last Congress. 
would prevent immigration authorities from looking beneath the surface in circumstances only of domestic violence offenses to make absolutely certain that we are not victimizing the victim twice by subjecting her to deportation. 
this dangerous amendment that could result in additional violence and undoing what successive Congresses and Presidents, Republicans and Democrats, have done for 20 years—afford fairness and protection for vulnerable immigrant women who are victims of domestic violence. 
This is not about shielding perpetrators. It is about protecting victims. 
take a second look when it comes to domestic violence, and I urge my colleagues to do no harm and vote ‘‘no’’ on the DeSantisRoby amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . SALMON  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–2. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
in the United States who have been granted deferred action under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program undertaken by the Executive Branch and who then receive work authorization are exempt from these requirements; 
United States citizens or individuals legally present in the United States are required to either offer those persons affordable health insurance or pay a penalty of approximately $3,000 per employee per year; and 
insurance, or in many instances pay a penalty, if they hire individuals who were not lawfully present but who have been granted deferred action under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program and work authorization. 
from pursuing policies, such as granting deferred action under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program and work authorization to unlawfully present individuals, that disadvantage the hiring of United States citizens and those in a lawful immigration status in the United States. 
House Resolution 27, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), the coauthor of this amendment. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Thank you for yielding. Thank you to the chairman, and to my colleague from Arizona, Congressman SALMON , 
for your work on this legislation and this amendment. 
of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, protects a large number of unlawfully present aliens from deportation. 
In addition to constitutional concerns and national security implications, Madam Chair, the action poses a range of unintended consequences. 
creates an incentive to hire illegal immigrants over lawfully present workers. Illegal aliens who are granted deferred action are exempt from being counted under the 2010 health care law’s employer mandate, which requires employers with 50 or more employees to offer health insurance or pay a penalty. 
Essentially, the President has created a situation where employers face a penalty for hiring Americans over illegal aliens. 
current deferred action expansion promotes the hiring of individuals who have broken the law over the men and women who have come through legal channels, worked hard, and played by the rules. 
to offer this commonsense amendment. The amendment merely states that it is the sense of Congress that this administration should not pursue any actions that put the interests of illegal immigrants before U.S. workers. 
both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the SalmonThompson amendment. 
Madam Chairman, the barbaric killing in Paris last week of 17 innocent human beings, including two police officers, is a stark reminder of the high price we sometimes pay to exercise our freedoms, including our freedom of speech. 
freedom every day on this floor, but that freedom comes with a responsibility. We are all entitled to our own opinions, and we can express them here, but we are not entitled to our own set of facts. 
responsibility. First, it misappropriates the facts, but worse, it misrepresents the facts. 
Congress is that it tries to mislead the American people to think something is going on that isn’t. And if it is going on then, in the time that the gentleman has to push his amendment, I would urge him to name a name of an employer who is doing this to an American citizen who should be allowed to work. 
manner discriminate against any employee with respect to his or her compensation, terms, conditions, or other privileges of employment because the employee (or an individual acting at the request of the employee) has— 
title 26 or a subsidy under section 18071 of title 42; 
about to provide or cause to be provided to the employer, the Federal Government, or the attorney general of a State information relating to any violation of, or any act or omission the employee reasonably believes to be a violation of, any provision of this title (or an amendment made by this title); 
any activity, policy, practice, or assigned task that the employee (or other such person) reasonably believed to be in violation of any provision of this title (or amendment), or any order, rule, regulation, standard, or ban under this title (or amendment). 
diminish the rights, privileges, or remedies of any employee under any Federal or State law or under any collective bargaining agreement. The rights and remedies in this section may not be waived by any agreement, policy, form, or condition of employment. 
Mr. BECERRA. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), chairman of the full 
I urge my colleagues to support this amendment by Representatives SALMONand T HOMPSON . 
of Congress that U.S. workers should not be harmed by President Obama’s unilateral executive action programs. 
These programs absurdly give American employers a financial incentive to hire unlawful aliens over American citizens and legal immigrants. 
now has a $3,000 incentive to hire an unlawful immigrant who benefited from the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. This is because, under ObamaCare, many businesses face a $3,000 per employee penalty if they do not provide health insurance to their workers. 
However, unlawful immigrants granted DACA relief and, most likely, those benefiting from President Obama’s new deferred action program are not eligible for ObamaCare. Thus, in many cases, employers will not have to pay this penalty if they hire deferred action recipients rather than legal workers. 
for the Obama administration to give unlawful aliens a leg up over legal workers. Yet, that is the result of the President’s unilateral actions. I urge my colleagues to support this good amendment. 
Jersey (Mr. P ASCRELL ), who is on the 
want to report to the other side that you are already on retreat. As a party, you have retreated from our solemn oaths, camouflaged by pious, empty, pyrrhic acclamations of patriotism and liberty. 
talking about. These are real people. They are not despots. They are not moneychangers. They are not felons. They are human equals to you and me. 
‘‘read the bill.’’ Well, we have read the bill and, in fact, I helped write the ACA. I am proud of that. 
President’s executive order that treats people who have temporary status under DACA differently than U.S. citizens for the purposes of triggering the employer mandate. 
The whole purpose of this amendment is to play into fears that, by allowing immigrants to come out of the shadows and work legally and pay taxes, you are undermining American workers. That is a lie. Admit it. 
Nothing in this ACA incentivizes employers to hire undocumented immigrants over American citizens. In fact, just the opposite, as you heard the speaker before me. Specifically, it prohibits employers from firing a citizen employee because they receive a premium tax credit. Read the bill. 
the aisle are simply trying to obscure what the President did here with this executive order: provide responsible solutions to prevent families from being torn apart even further. 
amendment—and have a nice retreat. Mr. SALMON. Madam Chairman, I 
is the best disinfectant. We are trying to shed a little sunlight on some of the problems with the President’s unconstitutional and illegal executive order of last year. 
the opposition has now encouraged the Members of the opposition to vote, en bloc, against all these commonsense amendments defending the American worker, protecting the American worker, cracking down on the molesters and sex offenders, and making sure that they don’t have a haven here in America, and making sure that those who want legal immigration are the first and foremost that we consider in this process, and that those who cheated the system have to get behind those folks that are doing it legally before their paperwork can be processed. 
would oppose such commonsense measures that I believe most of America is crying for. People are hurting out there. Maybe they haven’t gotten the memo, but I think most of us have. 
that when you hear a lot of squealing, you know when you have hit a raw nerve; you know there is some truth to what is being spoken. 
Congress that we don’t give a $3,000 benefit to those who have cheated the system, that we don’t give a $3,000 advantage to them over hardworking, taxpaying American citizens who have been out of work for quite some time. 
As we know, President Obama recently issued a series of memos that would essentially grant legal status to millions of people residing illegally within the borders of the United States. Unfortunately, this is not the first time that such action has been taken by this administration, and history has a habit of repeating itself. 
Arrivals, DACA, up to 1.7 million individuals were granted legal status and were allowed to cut in line, being given preferential treatment over those who respected our laws and waited patiently for their immigration cases to be processed. 
who were given legal status under DACA were initially required to purchase health insurance under ObamaCare, they were later exempted from that requirement. With this exemption, those given legal status under DACA are not required to purchase insurance. 
again, and I would urge the other side to stand up for the American worker. That is why we are here. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from improper references to the President. Mr. BECERRA. Madam Chair, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ), vice chairman of 
think my Republican colleagues take the American people for fools. 
Madam Chair, I lost too many constituents and friends on 9/11. I lost people who I loved on 9/11. And in the years since then, New York City has been the focus of attempted terror plots too numerous to name. 
Homeland Security funding is something that I take very seriously because it is so much a part of a New Yorker’s life. And frankly, I would expect my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to take it as seriously as well. 
But this is not a serious effort by any 
stretch of the imagination. You know what’s good for our national security? 
that we know who is in our country, focusing our limited enforcement resources on true threats to our country and not holding up needed funding for security and law enforcement programs to make a political point. 
to make. If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle genuinely think our immigration system should deport parents instead of true criminals, if you want to destroy all our economic gains and throw a sucker punch to our economy by deporting 11 million people, then you know what? Bring a bill up on the floor, and let’s have a real debate on all those issues. 
the American people that this garbage belongs in the Homeland Security funding bill. Don’t tell the American 
people that. They are not suckers and they are not fools. They know what you are doing. 
ask Members to address their remarks to the Chair. 
the name of an American who has been discriminated against, the name of an employer who has discriminated against an American worker. They gave none. This is all anecdotal. These are all stories. They don’t have anything to do with the fact that we need to pass the Homeland Security bill because we are jeopardizing the funding for our security. 
Are people tonedeaf to what happened in Paris that they would do these types of amendments at a time when we need to support our men and women who protect us through Homeland Security? 
This is wrong, and that is why we oppose this senseless sense of Congress amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . SCHOCK  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–2. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
that the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) should— 
are unlawfully present in the United States ahead of the interests of aliens who are following proper immigration laws and procedures by adjudicating petitions and applications for immigration benefits submitted by aliens unlawfully present in the United States. When USCIS adjudicators and resources are used to adjudicate petitions and applications for aliens who are unlawfully present, the time it takes to process petitions and applications submitted by other aliens is significantly increased and a backlog is created. In addition, it is unfair to use the fees paid by other aliens to cover the costs of adjudicating petitions and applications for aliens unlawfully present in the United States; and 
law to improve services and increase the efficiency of the immigration benefits application process for aliens abroad or who are lawfully present in the United States. 
House Resolution 27, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHOCK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
are currently 4.4 million people ready to enter this country through legal channels. Many of them have been waiting for years. They have saved their money. They have filled out all of the proper forms. They have paid their fees. 
by them and their families. It is about making sure the men and women who play by the rules receive the fair treatment that they were promised. 
to the administration and the American people that we are committed to fixing what is broken about our immigration system but not at the expense of lawabiding immigrants. 
The Heritage Foundation to identify seven failing programs at the USCIS that are in most need of improvement. One of the most egregious examples is of the $792 million that the USCIS spent between 2008 and 2012 to create an online system for applicants to file forms and pay fees. After $700 million 
spent and 4 years of time, only two forms out of 100 and one out of 73 different fees can be processed online. 
The administration’s repeated inability to build a Web site that works— welldocumented as it is by now—is compounded by its eagerness to bypass the Constitution and break the law. 
real leadership on immigration reform, he could have used his executive authority to promote greater efficiency and costsaving measures within the system. Had he done so, I suspect there would have been overwhelming support in this Congress, but, regrettably, that is not the course he chose, and it is why this Congress must act. 
taxpayers and to millions of immigrants to establish spending priorities at the USCIS, and eliminating wasteful spending in the immigration system is an important component of our responsibility and is a first great step in achieving comprehensive reform. Ensuring that the fees paid by lawful applicants are not used to fasttrack those who break the law strikes at the heart of our oath of office. 
District of Illinois has welcomed more than 2,600 new citizens, many of whom have faced a long road to get here, but there are still thousands more who are waiting. It is not because their paperwork isn’t in order, not because they have something in their records, and not because of anything other than there being a broken system. 
been trying to get his fiancee to join him here in the United States since January of 2012. For more than 2 years, Charles has waited. He has struggled with the financial support requirements. He has been unable to travel to see her. He had his application postponed time and time again. Why? Because Charles is a quadriplegic on disability. 
Take Danny from Jacksonville, Illinois. He works two shifts at a meatpacking facility. He applied and paid for his green card on October 4 of 2013. His green card was mailed to the wrong address, even though it was properly done on his paperwork, and it was in order. 
couldn’t show his green card to his employer. After many months of lost wages, the USCIS admitted to my office and to Danny that they screwed up and made a mistake. Now, more than a year later, Danny finally received his green card, and he went back to work, but not before our broken system cost him a year’s worth of wages. 
repeated hundreds of time in my congressional office alone—tens of thousands of times across this body in Republican and Democrat districts alike. The system is failing our constituents, their families, and their loved ones. It is failing businesses in our districts. It is failing daycare facilities and major 
Yes, Mr. President, the system is broken, but the way to fix a broken system is not to overload the system by fasttracking 5 million more people. 
Madam Chair, it is as if these hardworking taxpayers—these hardworking people—are sitting at a toll booth. 
Madam Chair, this amendment is premised on a mistake in the understanding of how USCIS actually works. Here is a fact that some people may not know: the USCIS is funded not by the taxpayers, it is funded by the fees of the applicants. 
that, if you are out of status, somehow, somebody else is paying for you—the taxpayers or some other applicant. That is not the case. Each applicant pays enough money to cover the cost of processing his own fee, and it does not delay others. 
would not just deal with DACA applicants; it would impact people whom I don’t think we want to delay in terms of the processing of their petitions. For example, people who are victims of torture can come to the United States and make a case—a plea—for political asylum. They file petitions to do that. This amendment would say that their petitions can’t be heard. 
domestic violence. We created a visa category that allows domestic violence victims to petition so that they can be free to leave their abusers. Those petitions could not be heard in a timely manner. 
for a T visa. That is something we created in law. According to this amendment, people who apply—sex trafficking victims—would not be eligible to have their petitions processed in a timely manner. 
petitions that are adjudicated are familybased. If you have your American citizen daughter marry somebody from another country, she can petition so that her husband can become a legal resident of the United States. If that husband is out of status, that petition would not be petitioned. 
I don’t think we want to do what this 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHOCK. Madam Chair, I reserve 
for a unanimous consent request to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
New York asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
York. Madam Chair, I am in opposition to this amendment and to others who play politics with the security and safety of America. 
security and safety of America while holding up vital investments that will create jobs. 
immigration reform last year, and now they’re trying to make up for that mistake by attaching poison pill amendments to the bill that funds homeland security. 
but they know the real problem is their own failure to offer constructive solutions to fix our immigration system. 
We should be debating comprehensive immigration reform, not hosting a politically motivated charade that will harm our ability to deter, detect, and defend from a terrorist attack. 
This could not be more poorly timed. Last week our strong ally, France, was attacked and terrorized. People died. 
delayed funding may have on my own congressional district. 
risk area and the City relies on the federal funds it receives to protect critical infrastructure, sustain antiterrorism programs, and enhance emergency preparedness and response. 
On behalf of New Yorkers I plead with my 
colleagues to stop holding hostage this critically important funding. 
The inclusion of these dangerous amendments poisons the bill and threatens our crucial homeland security needs and hurts our economy. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and the ranking member for his leadership. 
Madam Chair, this is a full force assault on immigrants. It is an assault on the integrity of this Nation which was built upon the investment and the love of this country by immigrants from all over the world. 
As I look to the landscape of what we 
now confront—2,000 dead in Nigeria by Boko Haram, little girls dressed with suicide bombs, and Homeland Security being held hostage by an assault on immigration—let me say to you that the Constitution has given the President the authority under the ‘‘take care’’ provision, so this assault of amendments that is trying to chip away at these executive actions is a false premise in order to attack the ideas and the values of this Nation. In my own State, if the actions of the 
President’s are in place, we will gain $8.2 billion in gross domestic product and $19.2 billion over 10 years, a decade. Do you think we need the underlying amendment or amendments? Pastors and religious leaders—the Episcopal bishops—have indicated that they support the executive actions. The Catholic bishops support the executive actions. 
attack those young DREAMers who want to invest and young soldiers. The Blackburn amendment wants to take away, if you will, the childhood arrivals. 
to victims of human trafficking and domestic violence. Mr. SALMON , in his 
amendment, wants to suggest that workers are being hired over American workers; then Mr. SCHOCK wants to ignore the investment of this particular language into this Nation. 
Let me end by saying this is an attack on immigrants. Let’s oppose all of these. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Chair, I believe I have the right to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
from Illinois has the right to close. The gentleman has 15 seconds remaining. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ), 
members of the committee, I oppose the Schock amendment for many of the numerous reasons that have already been stated by our colleagues, but I want to make sure that we are all perfectly clear on what is occurring on the House floor today. 
The majority is, unfortunately, playing politics with the lives, safety, and security of the American people. The ideologues are holding funding hostage for the Homeland Security Department here today. That is not right. They would rather deport DREAMers—the kids and their parents—rather than fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
In the wake of the recent Paris tragedy, we need to remain vigilant with smart enforcement policies that protect Americans. The Department of Homeland Security plays a central role in our fight against terror, and we must fully fund the efforts as soon as possible. We should not be attaching poison pill amendments to this important legislation. 
other side of the aisle to really join us and govern with a sense of far more responsibility. 
gentleman has expired. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 15 seconds. 
the balance of my time to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. BOEHNER ), my friend. 
colleague for yielding, and let me thank all of my colleagues who have worked to put this bill together. 
House rises—to support and defend our Constitution. We do not take this action lightly; but, simply, there is no alternative. This is not a dispute between the parties or even between the branches of our government. 
This executive overreach is an affront to the rule of law and to the Constitution itself. I appreciate all of the efforts of those working to fix our broken immigration system, especially since I am one of them. 
What we are dealing with is a President who has ignored the people, who has ignored the Constitution, and even his own past statements. In fact, on at least 22 occasions, he said he did not have the authority to do what he has done. 
March 31, 2008, the President said: ‘‘I take the Constitution very seriously. The biggest problems that we’re facing right now have to do with the President trying to . . . not go through Congress at all, and that’s what I intend to reverse when I’m President.’’ 
‘‘I believe in the Constitution, and I will obey the Constitution of the United States.’’ 
2010, the President said, ‘‘Anybody who tells you . . . that I can wave a magic wand and make it happen hasn’t been paying attention to how this town works.’’ 
‘‘There are those . . . who have argued passionately that we should . . . at least ignore the laws on the books . . . I believe such an indiscriminate approach would be both unwise and unfair.’’ 
said: ‘‘I do have an obligation to make sure that I am following some of the rules. I can’t simply ignore laws that are out there.’’ 
said: ‘‘I am President. I am not king. I can’t do these things just by myself. . . . I can’t just make the laws up by myself.’’ 
‘‘America is a nation of laws, which means I, as the President, am obligated to enforce the law.’’ 
‘‘I can’t solve this problem by myself. . . . I can’t do it by myself.’’ 
‘‘Some here wish that I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that’s not how democracy works.’’ 
‘‘They wish I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that’s not how a democracy works.’’ 
‘‘The idea of doing things on my own is very tempting. . . . But that’s not how our system works. That’s not how our democracy functions. That’s not how our Constitution is written.’’ 
said: ‘‘We live in a democracy. You have to pass bills through the legislature, and then I can sign it.’’ 
said: ‘‘What I’ve always said is, as the head of the executive branch, there’s a limit to what I can do.’’ 
said: ‘‘We’re . . . a nation of laws ....  
And I’ve done everything that I can on my own.’’ 
said: ‘‘I’m not a king. I am the head of the executive branch of government. I’m required to follow the law.’’ 
also said: ‘‘I’m not a king. You know, my job as the head of the executive 
said: ‘‘The problem is that I’m the President of the United States. I’m not the emperor of the United States.’’ 
‘‘I think that it is very important for us to recognize that the way to solve this problem has to be legislative.’’ 
said: ‘‘My job in the executive branch is supposed to be to carry out the laws that are passed. . . . But if we start broadening that, then essentially I would be ignoring the law.’’ 
said: ‘‘The easy way out is to try to yell and pretend like I can do something by violating our laws. . . . That’s not our tradition.’’ 
‘‘And I cannot ignore those laws any more than I could ignore . . . any of the other laws that are on the books.’’ 
said: ‘‘I’m bound by the Constitution; I’m bound by separation of powers.’’ 
United States actually studied constitutional law is one thing. But he didn’t just learn constitutional law, he taught it as well. But now his actions suggest that he has forgotten what these words even mean. 
November, the people made clear that they wanted more accountability from this President; and by our votes here today, we will heed their will, and we will keep our oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States of America. 
Mr. SCHOCK. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 2 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for an electronic vote on amendment No. 2, and will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the remaining amendments. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . ADERHOLT  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 237, noes 190, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham 
DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 5 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 218, noes 209, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Culberson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 278, noes 149, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador 
Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Hastings Heck (WA) Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Stated for: Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Madam Chair, on 
rollcall No. 31, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . SALMON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 253, noes 171, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Engel 
Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Stated for: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Madam Chair, on 
rollcall No. 32 I was unable to get to the well before the 2 minute vote closed. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
rollcall No. 32 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . SCHOCK  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHOCK ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 260, noes 167, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger 
Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. FOXX) having assumed the chair, Mrs. 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 27, she reported the bill back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
240 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
we must be prepared. Madam Speaker, I represent Long Island, New York. Hundreds of my constituents were killed on 9/11. Almost every day, another recovery worker from Ground Zero is losing his or her life all these years later. 
On that day, on 9/11, those of us who 
were in this body, as the sun set over Washington, we took to the steps. We held hands and we sang ‘‘God Bless America.’’ We committed ourselves to working together to strengthen our homeland security, not as Republicans, not as Democrats, but as Members of Congress whose constituents expect us to keep them safe—whose constituents expect us to put aside whatever disagreements we have on whatever other issues there may be and at least agree on their fundamental right to be safe. That is the expectation. 
bill that should not be controversial, that should fund our homeland security, but it has been turned into a divisive political strategy on immigration. 
bill is not about homeland security; this bill is about Republican political security. It is an injustice to those who suffered on 9/11 and still remember that. 
view they may have on the President’s executive order. They are entitled to whatever view they may have on immigration. They are entitled to votes on those issues. 
that funds grants to first responders, that helps those first responders hire additional personnel and purchase protective equipment, that assists our State and local governments in preventing and responding to terrorist attacks and other disasters, that secures essential cyber networks, that simply puts ugly politics ahead of the safety of the American people. 
time in history, they are holding our security hostage to the politics of immigration. 
a fundamental choice. It allows you to pursue whatever agenda you may have on immigration without undermining our homeland security. It would ensure passage of a clean Homeland Security bill, with an additional $3 million for fusion centers. 
Madam Speaker, this is The 9/11 Commission Report, the report that every Member of Congress said that we would heed and pay attention to, that we would not allow politics to be injected into. This report calls for fusion centers, which are located in every State, to gather, receive, analyze, and share threat information among Federal, State, and tribal law enforcement and other public safety partners. 
Unity of effort and information sharing, this report says, is a key necessity in protecting our homeland; and our fusion center networks are critical in our response to that recommendation. 
further investment in these fusion centers, so that we don’t have a repeat of what happened in France a week ago. 
It is clear, and it is stark. You can vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion to recommit and strengthen fusion centers, or you can vote ‘‘no’’ and have weakened them. How will you explain your vote ‘‘no’’ if a disaster occurs? 
and immediate funding of DHS without Washington politics, or you can vote ‘‘no’’ and tell your constituents that being against immigration is more important to you than being for their homeland security. How will you explain that ‘‘no’’ vote to them if disaster occurs again? 
Republicans are saying that antiimmigration riders on this bill are part of a political compromise. Madam Speaker, we all understand compromise, we all support compromise, but homeland security is the last thing in this body that should be subject to a political compromise—not after the attacks on France, not after 9/11 when we pledged to keep the American people safe, not after we stood on the steps of this building committing ourselves to bipartisan cooperation and to do the right thing for our homeland security. 
and vote for this motion to recommit and take the politics, the ugly politics, out of keeping the American people safe. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, may I remind my colleague from New York that we put $300 million in those fusion centers in the bill. 
primarily about the amendments that are on this bill, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. GOWDY ). 
the largest extraconstitutional power grabs ever by a Chief Executive. He declared unilaterally that almost 5 million undocumented aliens will receive deferred action under some newfangled definition of ‘‘prosecutorial discretion,’’ Madam Speaker. 
Not only that, not only escaping consequences, he has decided to bestow benefits such as work authorization and immigration benefits—this, Madam Speaker, despite the fact that the very same President over 20 different times said he lacked the power to do what he just did, and he repeatedly said he is not a king. 
may have changed after the election, I hasten to add, but the Constitution has 
not. That document is clear, timetested, and true, and it says that this body passes laws, and it is the responsibility of the Chief Executive, Madam Speaker, to make sure that those laws are faithfully enforced. 
extraconstitutional acts are not stopped, Madam Speaker, future Presidents will no doubt expand that power of the executive branch and threaten the constitutional equilibrium. 
fight between Republicans and Democrats; it is not even a fight over immigration reform. This is a fight over whether this branch of government will ever find the courage to stand up for itself. 
The same document, the same document that this and all Presidents swear to defend, gives this body certain tools, tools like the power of the purse. It is about damn time we used that tool. 
I would ask you to oppose this motion to recommit and support the underlying bill. 
Speaker, I thank my friend from the Judiciary Committee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 184, nays 244, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr 
Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 236, nays 191, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
H.R. 37 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
use of the regulatory exemptions under this Act if such person— 
administrative decree or order arising out of a governmental action that determined that the person provided assistance, either directly or indirectly, to a terrorist organization or a state sponsor of terrorism; or 
the term ‘‘regulatory exemptions under this Act’’ means the following: 
Page 30, line 2, insert after the period the 
providing assistance, either directly or indirectly, to terrorist organizations or state sponsors of terrorism; or 
order arising out of a governmental action, including a decree or order that determined that the person provided assistance, either directly or indirectly, to terrorist organizations or state sponsors of terrorism. 
Mr. HENSARLING (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
London, we have seen in recent weeks and years that the threat of terrorism in our world remains constant. All Americans must remain vigilant, and this Congress must do everything in its power to prevent another terrorist attack. 
History shows that leveraging America’s economic strength is one of our Nation’s best tools to combat the scourge of terrorism. We have forced rogue regimes like Iran to the negotiating table with strong economic sanctions. We have punished bad actors in Russia and North Korea by cutting off their access to global financial markets. And we ought to ensure that no one convicted of aiding and abetting terrorists, or state sponsors of terror, can take advantage of our financial system. 
simply makes clear that no one who has been convicted of providing assistance, either directly or indirectly, to a terrorist organization or a state sponsor of terrorism can make use of the exemptions in the underlying bill. 
It is a complex piece of legislation that includes measures that previously passed this House with large bipartisan support as well as other more controversial provisions. 
to Congress to find areas where we disagree. Our constituents sent us to Congress to get things done for all Americans. We could have moved forward today with a legislative package that includes commonsense reforms that protect consumers and create the conditions for economic growth. Reasonable people may disagree on the merits of this bill, but we should all be able to agree that those who support terrorists and state sponsors of terrorism should never use our financial system to their benefit. My amendment prevents this from happening. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the motion to 
recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
I listened carefully to the motion to recommit. I suppose I have some good news for the gentleman who offered it, and that is there are numerous bad actor provisions already within our Federal securities law. So, with the possible exception of the unconstitutional power grab of our President in granting amnesty and possibly allowing new bad actors to enter our country, I think that the motion to recommit is probably largely irrelevant. 
the matter, and that is, Madam Speaker, here is an idea that is worthy of the American people. That idea is: Why don’t we work on a bipartisan basis to promote job creation and reduce small business burdens? 
all know it is a rollup of 11 simple, modest bills, all of which have passed this body with huge, huge bipartisan support. H.R. 634 passed 411–12; H.R. 5471 passed by voice vote; H.R. 801 passed 417–4; H.R. 2274, 422–0, Madam Speaker. 
take it up. Maybe one of the reasons that his party lost the last election is because of the obstruction that the former Senate majority leader imposed on the American people. 
votes of passing. It would have passed, Madam Speaker, but so many of my friends on the other side of the aisle apparently were for it before they were against it, and they changed their vote. So why the change of heart? Madam Speaker, there was a change of heart because the left hand doesn’t know what the far left hand is doing. 
modest clarifications or modifications of the 2,000page DoddFrank Act. And to the ultraleft, the ultraliberal friends, DoddFrank is no longer policy. It is no longer philosophy. It is an article of religious faith. It is sacred text. It was chiseled in stone. It came down from Mount Sinai. 
work are suffering under the sheer weight, load, volume, complexity, and cost of the regulatory burden that has been imposed by our friends on the left. 
Street, but they vote against Main Street. The hardworking American families and those who want to work become collateral damage. Main Street doesn’t want to occupy Wall Street; they just want to quit bailing it out. And that is what we need to do, Madam Speaker. 
So it is time to get America back to 
work. It is time to work on a bipartisan basis. It is time to grow this economy from Main Street up, not Washington down. Reject the MTR. Vote in favor of promoting job creation and reducing small business burdens. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 242, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 271, noes 154, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney 
Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 37, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE MICHAEL P. MILLS, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT, NORTHERN DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI 
EMMER ) laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable Michael P. Mills, United States District Court, Northern District of Mississippi: 
designated me to administer the oath of office to Representativeelect Alan Nunnelee of the First District of the State of Mississippi under House Resolution 20, One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
to report that on January 12, 2015 at Tupelo, Mississippi, I administered the oath of office to Mr. Nunnelee. Mr. Nunnelee took the oath prescribed by 5 U.S.C. 3331. I have sent two copies of the oath, signed by Mr. Nunnelee, to the Clerk of the House. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Friday, January 16, 2015, and, further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, January 20, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Tennessee? 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
I promised my constituents that, in the new year, we would bring the fight on illegal immigration and act to restore the separation of powers that was upended by President Obama’s lawless overreach, and I meant it. That is why I proudly voted for the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act and the attached amendments. 
yes, it fully funds—the DHS while ensuring that no dollars are made available for the President’s executive amnesty. 
measure contained key provisions of my bill, the Immigration Compliance Enforcement Act, which will defund the Obama administration’s ‘‘public advocate’’ to lobby on behalf of illegal immigrants. 
Mr. Speaker, we still have three coequal branches of government, and when the President oversteps his bounds, we are compelled to respond. 
Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
Fast Track, but the first and foremost is that Fast Track is an abdication of Congress’ fundamental responsibilities. 
The Constitution authorizes the Congress, not the executive branch, to regulate commerce between nations. This 
deal was negotiated by the administration, in secret, without the proper input or oversight from the Congress. The grapevine tells us—because they are not talking to us directly—that it will do nothing to address currency manipulation, the mother of all trade barriers. 
advantage to a Japanese vehicle sold in the United States, which is then used to subsidize parts, advertising, or to 
undercut the cost of a vehicle in the marketplace. In fact, Toyota made more in profits last year from currency manipulation than Ford made last year in its entire worldwide operations. 
industry is that they can outcompete any of their competitors in the world, but they cannot outcompete the Bank of Japan or the Japanese Government. 
Those who care about the constitutional responsibilities of Congress should oppose Fast Track. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
express my deep disappointment in the votes that were just taken by the House. 
Security in this country. In light of what went on in Paris, in light of September 11, in light of the fact that there are terrorist cells, we need the Department of Homeland Security to be fully funded. 
with the President on the immigration bill, then that should be fought in an immigration bill, but we shouldn’t mix apples with oranges. 
shouldn’t cut off your nose to spite your face.’’ That is exactly what this House did just before: we cut off our nose to spite our face. 
with the President, we cut funds for Homeland Security. That is an irresponsible act, and I really wish it would be reversed. We need to fully fund Homeland Security. The fight on immigration is the fight on immigration. Let’s not mix apples with oranges, to quote another metaphor. 
to my colleagues that the Department of Homeland Security needs to be fully funded. We should be adding funds to keep our people safe, not pulling them away. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
started out this week to remind Americans of the difficult times in which we 
live. Sadly, today, rather than passing a clean Homeland Security Appropriations bill upon which Americans are depending to secure this land, we had a political fight. 
world that America still stands strong and committed to fighting the war on terror. In joining with our friends in Africa against the horrific actions of Boko Haram and the suicide bombings that they are forcing 10yearold children to do, we stand with our friends in Europe and around the world. 
Most of all, what we must do is find 
a way to steer the young lives that are being captured by the Internet and online brutality away from these kinds of dastardly acts. 
I think it is important that we find a 
way to educate the young boys and girls in Nigeria and in countries around the world and to be able to say to them that there is a greater and better life of opportunity and humanity. 
legislative process, to focus on removing the dastardly acts of these terrorists and on saving our boys and girls. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) is recognized for 60 
Speaker, I will only take a few minutes and then yield the bulk of the time to Mr. CLYBURN . 
that has happened to me and, I am sure, has happened to other Members that you might not be aware of. Other Members can sign you on to a piece of legislation without your consent, and that happened to me just this week. 
me on to H.R. 217, which is a particularly strong antichoice bill and a bill that I would never support. Now, it was an honest mistake. 
My name is ADAM SMITH. Regrettably, there is an A DRIAN SMITH, who 
serves—well, not ‘‘regrettably.’’ A DRIANis a very nice man, but he is someone who has a name very close to mine, ‘‘ADRIAN SMITH.’’ She thought it was 
the bill. She signed me on to the bill instead, and that creates two problems and two things that I would urge this body to change. 
sign you on to a bill without your signature. Now, I know we do that, and that speeds up the process, but it creates a situation where anyone can put you on any bill. In this case, I was put on a bill that is polar opposite to my personal beliefs and my 18year record in Congress. 
The second thing that is really problematic about this is you would assume—well, okay—there is a simple 
fix: just take it off. To her credit, as soon as she noticed the mistake, Congresswoman BLACK did just that—she 
had my name removed as a cosponsor— but that is not what happens. 
On the bill that is out there with the 
original cosponsors, my name does not simply disappear. A line is drawn through it, and it is said next to it ‘‘withdrawn’’ as if, at some point, I did cosponsor the bill and then changed my mind. 
rule, but when this happens—when it is clear that someone signs you on to a bill you had no intention of being on— your name should be removed. Period. End of story. It was never really there in the first place. 
record, there is my name as having been on a bill—to all appearances as my own choice—that, in a million years, I never would have cosponsored. 
I rise to make that point clear to my 
constituents, first of all. I never signed on to it, and I never had any intention. Second of all, as I will do in a letter that I will send to the Speaker and to the minority leader, I would urge us to at least change that second policy. 
Once it is clear that you never intended to sign on to a bill, your name should simply be removed. It should not be there with a line through it as if you did intend to sign on to the bill at one time. I think this is potentially damaging to a lot of Members. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) is recognized 
for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
to thank my friend, Mr. SMITH, for allowing me to share this time with him. 
Carolina’s poet laureate, Marjory Wentworth, in anticipation of reading 
it at today’s gubernatorial inauguration. It illustrates the history of my home State and ponders a look at the path the State seems to be embarking upon going forward. 
the last three gubernatorial inaugurations, but she will not be reciting a poem at today’s. She was told that her participation would make the program too lengthy. 
several inaugurations of South Carolina’s Governors. Some were shorter than others. None were allotted a specific amount of time. South Carolinians are proud of their poet laureates, but all have not always agreed 
with the import of their writings. I believe it is wrong to not include this prolific, artistic expression in this year’s ceremony. 
globe are living in fear of censorship when free speech and expression should be a fundamental right. We have even seen cowardly individuals use their own beliefs to badger, batter, and even murder those whose views and expressions they have found discomforting. 
We have seen many instances of arbitrary actions against the powerless by the powerful when words and actions threaten their comfort levels. Such actions should not be. 
touching words, and I am reading her poem today in hopes that the people of South Carolina, across the country, and peoples around the world are as touched by her words as I have been. 
we try to unravel, while others try to tighten it, we tire easily and fray the cords that bind us. 
spiraling across the land in a succession of S’s, splintering near the sea. 
at the last bend in the river: watch children stepping off the school bus, parents late for work, grandparents 
teachers tapping their desks with red pens, firemen suiting up to save us, nurses making rounds, 
dockworkers unloading apartment size containers of computers and toys from factories across the sea. 
stands at the base of the bridge holding a cardboard sign with misspelled words and an empty cup. 
iced peach blossoms; their breath rising and resting above the frozen fields like 
Inside, a small boy lies on his back; hand laced behind his head, he watches stars fade from the sky and dreams. 
from the edge of the wilderness to name the harm that has been done, to make it plain, and enter the river and rise. 
It is not about bowing our heads in shame; because it all begins and ends here: while workers unearth trenches 
Africans were imprisoned within brick walls awaiting auction, death, or worse. Where the dead were thrown into the water, 
has kept centuries of silence. It is time to gather at the water’s edge, and toss wreaths into this watery grave. 
who cleared George Stinney’s name, seventy years after the fact, we honor him; we pray. 
Here, where the Confederate flag still flies beside the Statehouse, haunted by our past, 
conflicted about the future; at the heart of it, we are at war with ourselves 
handed down to us—stuck at the last bend of a wide river splintering near the sea. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
been an interesting short week. And with all the drills in the world going on, it is important that we deal with our Department of Homeland Security. And I am proud the House has taken quick action to pass such a budget and passed it handily. 
Homeland Security needs to be funded, and the President needs to sign the bill. We have finished that today and are sending it to the Senate. Hopefully they will work quickly and deal with this issue because, as people in America know, we have crises all around us. We have threats to our security all around us that require immediate attention. 
while they come together, millions at a time, to stand against radical Islam and Islamic terrorism. 
White House as the only significant international capital where the ultimate leader of the country cannot bring himself and, therefore, his spokespeople cannot bring themselves, to say the words ‘‘radical Islamic terrorism,’’ because that is what we are talking about. 
And for an administration to diminish the seriousness of radical Islamic terrorists wanting to destroy Western civilization is worse than having our leadership’s head in the sand, or wherever their head is. It is important to wake up and recognize what the world has recognized, what our Muslim friends have recognized—that radical Islam is a threat to our very existence and way of life. 
January 13, by Daniel Halper, which says: ‘‘The White House won’t be calling jihadists adherents to ‘radical Islam.’ At least, that’s the reasonable takeaway from this extraordinary exchange the White House press secretary had today with a reporter.’’ 
One is I certainly wouldn’t want to be in a position where I’m repeating the justification that they have cited that I think is completely illegitimate, right? That they have invoked Islam to try to justify their attacks. And the reporter said: 
But to call it radical Islam you feel would 
to do is I’m trying to describe to you what happened and what they did. These are individuals who are terrorists. And what they did was they tried to invoke their own distorted deviant view of Islam to try to justify them. 
And I want to stop there. The President’s mouthpiece says that he is not going to call it ‘‘radical Islam’’ or ‘‘Islamic terrorism’’ because that is a deviant view. Well, if you look at the definition of ‘‘deviant,’’ that is what deviates from what most people do or say or think. 
the deviant thought process is not what the reporters had and not what 
the major countries in the world have and not what our Muslim leader friends in the world have. It is what this White House has. Theirs is the deviation from what is truth, because the truth is—as much as this President doesn’t want to say it, and he doesn’t allow his spokespeople to say it, I will say it, Mr. Speaker: this is radical Islamic terrorism, and it is a threat to Western civilization. 
recognize it for what it is, the worse it gets because the radical Islamic terrorists realize they are winning. And the Organization of the Islamic Conference, the OIC, composed of the Islamic states in the world, all 57—I know it gets confusing to some in this country’s leadership whether we have 57 States and they have 50 or they have 57 and we have 50. But they have 57 because they include one that is not actually a state. But they are the ones that started the campaign after 9/11 of calling anyone who expresses concern about radical Islamic terrorism ‘‘Islamophobes.’’ 
I fear God. I don’t fear any man. I am 
not a phobe of anything. But it is time to recognize truth, and that is that radical Islamic terrorists want to destroy our life and kill us. It is very simple. 
it is very important that both Democrats and Republicans have the opportunity to travel around and speak to world leaders in their own countries because when you are there in their country talking to them, as some of us on both sides of the aisle have done in those Middle Eastern countries, led by moderate Muslims who don’t believe they need to have an explosive jihad, they recognize that the terrorism that is a threat to them, as moderate Muslims, and the terrorism that is a threat to us and Western civilization, is radical Islam. They recognize that it is a religion. 
in the name of Allah and Islam take territory and claim they are their own caliphate, their own government, then you had better understand who they are and what they are. And in this case, the Islamic State has enough 
seriously so that they are totally defeated and wiped off the map, whether it is in Syria, northern Iraq, wherever they find themselves, because they are at war with us. 
Speaker, but as we have had this administration do a cleansing—not necessarily a bookburning but a burning, in essence, of parts of the training books that talk about radical Islam, that tried to educate our FBI, our State Department, our intelligence communities, all of our government workers on what radical Islam is, what it believes, the intelligence officer said: We have blinded ourselves of the ability to see our enemy. And that has never been more apparent than it has been this week, with the radical Islamic jihad terrorist attack in Paris and in Nigeria. 
killed in Nigeria, those lives were every bit as much precious—around 2,000 lives. Somehow, much of the mainstream media had trouble reporting that. They were concentrating on the horrors of the journalists killed in Paris, and rightfully so. But they should not be neglecting the horrors for those villagers, so many of them Christian, who have been killed because they did not believe in radical Islam. 
And one of the reasons, I would submit, that we should have had a President there in Paris—and I know it would have been difficult for this President, but he should have been there locked arminarm with Prime Minster Netanyahu. Words keep leaking out about things that are said, about strained relations that this administration has with the Netanyahu administration. There is a leader whose eyes are clear and his vision is clear, and he can see exactly who is at war against him, who is helping him and the nation of Israel and who is not helping him and the nation of Israel. 
And as we know from history, anytime a nation’s enemies see that nation’s strongest ally pulling away, it is provocative. And the more the United States distances itself from Israel, from those who recognize that radical Islamic terrorism is a threat to Western civilization, then the more radical Islamists win. 
think we would be 6 years in to President Obama’s administration with him still not willing to acknowledge that radical Islam is a threat, is at war with us. 
may not like it, but it is a religion. It is a radical form of Islam. I hope one day that our top leaders in this country will have the courage of President alSisi in Egypt and that will reflect, as General alSisi has, the will of the people of their country. 
Egypt—and one day it will be. It won’t be by people at The New York Times. 
It will be by people who are not trying to twist and turn and create history the way they want it. It will be by historians that are really looking at what has happened. 
They will see that in the last 6 years 
that, besides Israel, the country that has been most fearless—and by ‘‘country,’’ I mean the people of the country—most fearless in standing up for freedom and against radical Islamic terrorism, unfortunately, has not been the United States because of our leadership. It has been the nation of Egypt. 
fearless. Their nation has been under attack nonstop. God bless them and protect them. Egypt was not under attack other than by the radical form of Islam, the religion of radical Islam, and this administration helped oust one of this country’s allies. 
agreements signed by this country with President Mubarak, and this administration disregarded them. That is a problem for other countries and other leaders who want to sign agreements with this administration, but they don’t know that our country can be trusted anymore. 
for America around the world, they should understand that it is being credited to the lack of reliability of the United States to keep its word, to support its friends, not to turn its back on its friends. This Nation’s leaders have begun repeatedly appearing more helpful to our enemies than to our own friends. They don’t know who to trust. 
I have talked to people in the Middle East, Muslim leaders, who say: We talk among ourselves, we are all worried we may be the next ally to be thrown under the bus. 
Well, obviously, I couldn’t tell him because he would throw them under the bus. 
around the Middle East and talked to leaders in the Middle East, we understand what they feel. Maybe they are not able to be as open and candid with this administration for fear of it turning on them the way it does anybody within the administration here in America or outside the administration. 
want to stand up for truth, justice, and the American way in this administration and point out massive problems that could subject our country to attacks, to terrorism, God help you because this administration is coming after you. They will use the Justice Department, they will use the EPA, they will use the IRS. 
weaponized to go after anybody that dares to stand up, especially within the administration. People that want to stand up and tell the truth, they are attacked, they are threatened with prosecution. If someone like General Petraeus, 
who has defended the administration— but this administration knows that General Petraeus has information that would virtually destroy any credibility that the administration might still have nationally and internationally— so what else would this administration do but leave over his head, for over a yearandahalf, the threat: We are going to prosecute you, so you better keep your mouth shut. 
of prosecution helps diminish potential credibility. So if you wonder why General Petraeus has not come out in the last year and a half and said, ‘‘No, those weren’t our talking points, somebody that created them needs to be prosecuted, it was a fraud on the American people,’’ he is not going to say that. 
He has got this administration hanging a prosecution over his head. What do you expect? I doubt he will ever be able to say it without worrying about something over his shoulder coming after him. 
the administration. He has been a good soldier. He has said what they wanted him to say. He hasn’t told all he could say, and they are going to make sure he doesn’t—or if he does, he pays a heavy criminal price. That is where we are now in America. 
It may have been the kind of administration Richard Nixon dreamed of, but he knew he could never get there. He couldn’t weaponize the IRS. He apparently dreamed of it. This administration has done it. 
spokespeople not to be able to call the terrorism a result of radical Islamic terrorism, it weakens our country, it emboldens our enemies, and as we have seen, you may take out Osama bin Laden, but when you withdraw our troops prematurely before Iraq soldiers are ready to stand on their own and you have blinded ourselves of the ability to recognize that any believers like Khamenei or Ahmadinejad, the former President of Iran, if you have blinded yourself of the ability to learn and educate our administration on what they believe, then you are going to fall prey to everything they decide to do toward you and about you because you don’t understand where they are coming from. 
the movie ‘‘Patton,’’ and although he didn’t know Rommel was not there with his tank division, he yells out in the movie after his tanks have defeated Rommel’s: Rommel, you magnificent fatherless—I am paraphrasing—fatherless man, I read your book. 
yourself about your enemies, you have got a better chance of defeating them, but this administration continues to make it more and more difficult to understand who our enemies are. All of this backing up and crawfishing, well, you know, this isn’t all Islam. 
Of course, it is not all Islam. That is 
how I can go to Afghanistan and hug dear Muslim friends, we have the same enemies—and a big old bear of a man who led the Northern Alliance to defeat the Taliban by February of 2002 in the initial defeat is now the Vice President, and thank God he is. 
new leadership recently—and I have known General Dostum for a while and met with my good friend the Honorable Massoud. 
President Ghani basically has gathered around him people a bit like what Lincoln did. He took people who opposed him, ran against him, but because he clearly cares deeply about Afghanistan, he gathered around him a team of rivals, and the good thing is, unlike the current administration here, he is not afraid of having people with opposing viewpoints around him. 
rivals all around him, and he listened to their input. He got their opinions, and it helped him make better decisions. This administration here needs to do what President Ghani in Afghanistan is trying to do, and it is not easy because our U.S. administration here has been reaching out for the Taliban. 
and then this administration comes in—and I know the prior administration started the massive occupation of Afghanistan with tens of thousands of troops. 
campaign, he said that was the real war. Well, yeah, but once you defeat your enemy in that part of the world, you don’t help yourself by becoming an occupier—you add over 100,000 troops to the country that is so thrilled that you relieved them of radical Islamic leadership, then you become an enemy because, now, you are an occupier. We didn’t do ourselves any favors. 
who threw down weapons and ran, turned them over to the Islamic State, in Afghanistan, the Northern Alliance was willing to fight the Taliban initially, and they are still willing to fight. 
elected—that was so much uncertainty: Is President Karzai going to try to have another term, even though it is against the constitution? Are they in for a civil war? 
on the part of the Northern Alliance that fought against the Taliban on our behalf with less than 500 American special ops and intelligence people embedded. 
Taliban were able to take over the national government. Then they were in for a war, and one of them told me: Look, since you have taken back the weapons, you don’t support us anymore, and you are doing everything you can to help the Taliban—that is this administration—we realize the odds are that we will lose our lives, but we are not going down without a fight. Well, fortunately, they have got a 
team of rivals leading the country. Prayers are with them. They are moderate Muslims that I trust, and they want the best for Afghanistan. 
have talked to repeatedly in Afghanistan and others, the country of Pakistan has been the biggest supplier and supporter of the Taliban. The Taliban didn’t do themselves any favors when they just, in such evil fashion, attacked a school and killed 140 or so precious people, including children. 
that are saying: You know what, it is time to stop supporting the Taliban, it is time to worry about Pakistan. 
many decades ago put probably the bulk of the Baloch people in southern Pakistan where most of their minerals are. It put the Baloch people within the arbitrary lines drawn for a country called Iran. In fact, the Baloch area actually is where the Straits of Hormuz are. It is where much of the oil and gas is. 
many of the Baloch people. I wouldn’t mind seeing them having an independent Balochistan. I wouldn’t mind seeing an independent Kurdistan in northern Iraq, because unlike what is portrayed in much of the mainstream media, the Kurds never threw down their weapons and ran away or turned them over to the Islamic State. They are people we can trust. 
Mr. Speaker, a solution to our problem there would be to announce that we are going to provide weapons directly to the Kurds. We don’t have to go through Baghdad, because Baghdad 
doesn’t want them to have the equipment they need. They are afraid of them. Let them have the equipment they need to defeat the Islamic State. Yes, I know, that would not make Turkey happy, but Turkey has said: Not only are we not fighting the Islamic State—even though we have pledged in our NATO alliance that we will help fight any enemy of our fellow NATO signatories—we are not going to help, and we are not going to let you use any of the NATO bases or U.S. bases here in Turkey. You are on your own. 
going to fight them and they are a threat to all Western civilization, then we are just going to have to supply the Kurds and let them take them out. 
It has been an honor to be over there 
numerous times and spend time there even when the State Department said it was too dangerous to go. DANAROHRABACHER and I went and spent 3 days 
when the State Department was telling us it was too dangerous to be there. But I knew that there was no way their leaders were going to let anything happen to us. And they didn’t. They were trustworthy. Mr. Speaker, one of the problems this 
administration has is figuring out whom we can trust and whom we can’t. I know that this administration continues to talk about these moderate, vetted Syrian Army soldiers that we can really help. Well, if they were there 3 or 4 years ago, most of them are ready to throw in with the Islamic State or with al Qaeda subsidiaries. In fact, they have done that very thing. They have fought together. 
I don’t know if ‘‘naivete’’ is the proper word, but when this administration started supplying their socalled free, vetted moderate Syrian Army personnel and the equipment, they kept ending up in the Islamic State’s possession. They even suspended sending 
them more weapons and equipment for a while, but then some months later they picked it back up. I don’t know why, what made them feel they were more believable than they were before, but amazingly, they started sending it, and it started ending up in Islamic State hands. 
It is heartbreaking to be, as a few of 
us have, in northern Iraq in the Kurdistan area with real, patriotic Kurds who love their people and who have fought not just for themselves, but they have fought for other groups, Shi’a and Sunni, without throwing down their weapons. They have fought and died. But to look in their eyes and see the hurt as they say: Couldn’t you give us some Humvees, some uparmored vehicles? Because we are fighting against the Islamic State, and they are using American Humvees. They are using American armored personnel carriers. They are using American tanks. We don’t have anything that can penetrate your American tanks or your personnel carriers. Those are invulnerable almost completely to IEDs because you uparmored them and gave them to the Syrian Army that gave them to ISIS, or you gave them to the Iraqi soldiers that left them for ISIS. 
said: You don’t know what it is like to see a big, armored vehicle that is going to be used for a suicide bombing coming at your soldiers who have weapons that can’t possibly penetrate those vehicles. And they are shooting. They are doing everything they can to try to stop them, but because they are the best America has in the way of fighting vehicles, we can’t stop them, and we know my guys are going to get blown up as this American vehicle gets close, and it has been set up to be a suicide bomb. 
Mr. Speaker, since this administration has not been effective in fighting IS for so long, for too long they looked at them as the junior varsity, the JVs, shouldn’t we at least help those who are fighting to help us, along with themselves, by giving them vehicles that could match up against the vehicles we provided to the Islamic State? It seems like the least we can do. It really does. 
is a story out this week from PJ Media. 
Josh Earnest doesn’t think President Obama is upset about missing the solidarity gathering of world leaders. The world leaders see that our way of life is at risk, and our leadership doesn’t see it. He thinks if we give a good enough speech, we coddle, we offer to buy offices in Qatar, or we release more of their murderers, that surely they will recognize how truly wonderful, kind, and generous we are and they will stop their evil ways of killing innocent people. It is not going to happen. 
Yes, but as Christians, we are supposed to turn the other cheek. That is as individuals. Individual Christians should live out the beatitudes as Christ gave them. But the government has a different role. If you do evil, you should be afraid because the government, within the bounds of Christianity—Romans 13:4—is supposed to punish the evil, eliminate the evils, and protect your people. I don’t try to convert anybody using my position in government, but for those who misunderstand Christian teaching, you need to read Romans 13. 
holding on, Holder the Holdover. He said he is concerned about the socalled lone wolf attacks in the United States—one of the things, Mr. Speaker, I don’t think, again, that this administration understands. They talk about these lone wolf attacks, and yet when you get down to the bottom of it, you find out, gee, they had talked to al Awlaki, the man born in the United States so he gets an American birth certificate, an American passport, and American citizenship because his parents came over and had him while they were here, so he is an American citizen. He is radicalizing people. 
information, they got advice, and they got radicalization from somebody else. It is tough to find anybody self radicalized because apparently there are plenty of imams in this country that are not the general rankandfile imams. They are imams that are ready to radicalize those—and twist and convert into evil—that would kill innocent children, women, and men. 
the threat that is upon us, and you can’t do that when an administration will not even call the evil for what it is. I know indications are, gee, the economy is getting so much better. We still have over 90 million people that are not counted as unemployed because they just finally gave up looking for a job. To me, that is unemployed. But we don’t count them in our statistics. And this staggering story came out today, written by Wyton Hall: 
and Chairman Jim Clifton revealed that ‘‘for the first time in 35 years, American business deaths now outnumber business births.’’ 
I can’t help but think that has something to do with the massive overregulation by this administration continuing to set records in the number of 
regulations it sets. How in the world can businesses keep up with over 70,000 new pages of regulations year after year? They did it again in 2014, over 70,000 pages of new regulations, and they are expected to follow them and manage to keep a business. You don’t have to look very far to find CEO after CEO or a person that started a business, no matter how massive, who said: In looking at all the regulations now, it is a good thing I started my business when I did, because if I were trying to start it now, I never could. I couldn’t overcome all of the massive government overregulation. 
continuing to fail and continuing to provide less care for more money. But not to worry. A lot of your good health care dollars are going to fund navigators who will never put a BandAid on anybody or never even blow on a cut to make it feel better. No. They will never even pat somebody on the back. They are bureaucrats. They are not in the health care business, nor are the thousands and thousands and thousands of new IRS agents who are not looking out for your health. They will probably give you ulcers. But they are part of the health care dollars now. 
don’t understand. My deductible is higher. I am paying more money than ever. I am getting less care. I am getting turned down for things. I don’t get to choose my doctor. I sure don’t have the insurance policy I wanted. I don’t understand. 
I have to explain: Well, that is because you are paying for a lot of government workers that don’t really help in anybody’s health problems at all. They create health problems, more likely. 
of the failures of the Federal Government, the Federal Government, in fact, is intruding in people’s private lives. As they access email and gather phone logs of every call to and from American individuals, we were assured that would not happen when the PATRIOT Act was extended. I was not here when it was passed. We were told it was only if you were a foreign terrorist, a known foreign terrorist, or you had ties to foreign terrorists would you be even eligible to have your phone logs gathered, emails checked. ‘‘Only’’ we were told. Well, that turned out not to be true. That was just an outright lie. It is time to stop the government intrusion into people’s private lives unless the government has a warrant. 
a warrant if there was probable cause spelled out in the affidavit. There were times I would turn away law officers and say: You have plenty of speculation there that sounds good, but you don’t have facts that get you to probable cause. 
Constitution, before the government can start invading your privacy. Then when the House and Senate 
were controlled by the Democrats, President Obama is in the Oval Office, they passed a bill creating this Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that apparently is out there thinking they need to be able to monitor everybody’s debit and credit card records so that they can see if anybody is being taken advantage of. 
Well, how about following the Constitution and not getting anybody’s bank records or credit card or debit card records unless you have probable cause or unless the person gives permission. 
I am hoping that is going to be a bill 
that we pass because I have talked to enough Republicans and know how we feel, and there are Democrats who feel the same way. Of course, they are the ones that created this monster, but that needs to be reined in. And now with that as a backdrop, we have the story: ‘‘Obama backs governmentrun Internet.’’ 
wrote into the Longview paper that they want net neutrality. They love the idea of the government playing more of a role in the Internet. Well guess what? When the government takes control of the Internet in the name of neutrality, it will probably not be neutral, according to most Americans’ opinions. 
hope Americans don’t buy into this because when the United States Government takes control of the Internet, then we are going to start having the same problems they have in China, in Russia, and other parts of the world where their government does control their Internet, and they control your freedom to search for what you want or to say what you want. 
people said they were in China typing, and they mention anything about the government, even if it is not terrible what they said about the government, they start typing again, and they have lost their Internet connection. They 
have learned not to say anything about the government, let it go, and they keep their Internet connection better. 
touch on this because we passed the funding for the Department of Homeland Security. I hope the President doesn’t veto the bill. I hope the Senate will pass what we passed. There are some things in there I would have liked to have been different, but I read the bill totally. There are some parts that aren’t great, and there are some parts that are great. I am very proud—my friend JOHN CARTER has some great 
language in there. I know he has worked very hard on language that is very good. 
As I was reading the bill this weekend, I said, that was JOHN CARTER ’s 
specific language from an earlier bill. Overall, it was a good bill. The amendments helped it. I voted for the bill. 
the right thing and pass it, and we will send it to the President and we will fund the Department of Homeland Security without all of the amnesties he has unconstitutionally created. 
way of doing things, I haven’t heard anyone else suggest this, but I brought it up with some friends this morning. Perhaps we go ahead, if he doesn’t think that he likes that and we are not able to override a veto, maybe it is time to start setting goals for the administration, and when they don’t meet them, we just take that money from them and block grant it out to State and local law enforcement. 
don’t have to provide the hundreds of millions of dollars to hold people being detained. The local law enforcement is tired of holding people on behalf of the Federal Government and not being reimbursed. Let them do the job they are supposed to do of enforcing the law. 
I know the Arizona case said, the Supreme Court said Arizona could not be enforcing immigration law, that was a Federal job, but we certainly have the authority to say, you know what? Let’s block grant that money out and let State and local government do that, enforce our laws for us. I think we will get a whole lot better job done. So that may be something else to consider. If the President is not going to sign a bill that funds homeland security, maybe we need to fund it, and if they can’t meet their goals, block grant it out to local authorities. 
In the time I have left, I wanted to 
touch on a significant article by Patrick Poole of PJ Media, because, as he says, it is a look back on this year’s parade of failure, and expect more in 2015. 
Security ‘Not Top 10’ of 2014.’’ So my paraphrase is the top 10 failures in national security by this administration. 
reason and reality they can only exist in the fetid Potomac fever swamps of D.C. think tank and foreign policy community. Such was the case in January when three of the best and brightest from those ranks published an article in Foreign Affairs (the same publication that in 2007 brought us the ‘moderate Muslim Brotherhood’) contending that the U.S. needed to befriend the Syrian jihadist group Ahrar alSham as some kind of counter to more extreme jihadist groups, like ISIS and Jabhat alNusra. The precedent they cited was the U.S. failure to designate the Taliban after 9/11. 
this, one of Ahrar alSham’s top leaders was a lieutenant for al Qaeda head Ayman alZawahiri, who openly declared himself a member of al Qaeda. After most of their leadership was wiped out in a bombing in September, they have gravitated closer to the jihadist groups they were supposed to 
counter and their positions have been bombed by the U.S., much to the consternation of other vetted moderate rebel groups. So ridiculous was their proposition that the original subtitle of their article, ‘An al Qaeda Affiliate Worth Befriending,’ was changed online to ‘An al QaedaLinked Group Worth Befriending’ in hopes of minimizing the absurdity of their case.’’ 
And I understand there may be a Republican Senator or two that buys into it. It doesn’t make it any less preposterous. 
Number two of the top 10 national security failures: 
hashtag divisions in response to Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
response of this administration to help the Ukrainian people that I hold so dear, having lived with them for a summer back as a college student, the response of this administration was to launch a Twitter war that Russia wasn’t terribly concerned about. 
Patrick Poole discusses it, but to call the Islamic state a JV team betrayed his failure to get his security briefings as he should have to really understand what is happening in the world, because I don’t believe for a minute, having talked to different intelligence people, I don’t believe for a minute that our intelligence people did not know how dangerous the Islamic state was. 
security was the State Department official denying that Boko Haram targeted Christians. 
hugged and wept with those parents of daughters who were kidnapped and terrorized and made sex slaves, unlike the 
State Department official who says it wasn’t about them being Christians—if you go hug them and weep with them and talk to them and their pastors, as I have, you find out it was precisely because they were Christians. Please, somebody in this administration, wake up. Radical Islam is at war with the United States and any Western civilization, and specifically with Christians. 
daughters are still held kidnapped, probably sold into sex slavery by now— and this administration has not done enough because they don’t see it as a war against Christianity—I asked, just to be sure, I said: Did they attack— Boko Haram, these radical Islamist terrorists—did they attack your daughter’s school because they were girls, because they don’t believe girls should be educated? 
girls should be educated, but they attacked it because it is a Christian school. That is precisely why they attacked 
Number five: Homeland Security adviser’s procaliphate tweet used by ISIS recruiters. I had been warning about this procaliphate Homeland Security top adviser in Janet Napolitano’s regime in Homeland Security, a guy that has spoken, was a listed speaker to pay tribute to the Ayatollah Khomeini as a man of vision of the 20th century, who blasted the prosecution of the Holy Land Foundation, the largest terrorist support prosecution in American history, and he defended the convicted defendants, and he tweets out. Finally, it was enough to show the administration what most of us who had eyes and ears understood. He tweeted out, after ISIS killed more innocent people, that the caliphate was inevitable so just, you know, get ready. And then ISIS used that to help recruit. 
security in this administration: Obama and the State Department give shout outs to Islamic cleric who okayed the fatwa authorizing the killing of Americans in Iraq. And Patrick Poole lays out exactly what it involved. Not once but twice, as I understand it, he gave a shoutout to this Islamic cleric who authorized the killing of Americans in Iraq. 
Number seven: Obama administration gives heavy weapons to ‘‘vetted moderate’’ Syrian rebel groups; they promptly turn up in hands of ISIS and al Qaeda. 
Number eight: The White House defends the Muslim Brotherhood’s ‘‘commitment to nonviolence. And that is what some of the moderate Muslim leaders in the Middle East have said, different countries saying, Why are you helping the Muslim Brotherhood? Do you not understand they are at war with you? 
Number nine: The Obama administration defends U.S. Islamic groups branded as terrorist groups by the UAE. 
The UAE is run by moderate Muslims. Perhaps this administration could learn something by listening to them and who they recognize to be terrorist groups. 
And number 10: Having banned discussions of ideology driving Islamic terrorism, the Pentagon says it can’t understand the ideology of ISIS. 
understand it when you are not allowed to be educated about what these people believe. But there are people around this town that have been banned from teaching about radical Islam who perhaps should be unbanned. 
In conclusion, I just want to reference the vote this week for Speaker. The vote is behind us. It is done. The Speaker was reelected. But one of the big concerns I had has not gone away, and it still needs to be addressed. 
Those 4 years that Democrats controlled the House and the Senate, they set a record for the most bills brought to the floor where no amendments by 
let us participate in the legislative process. And we railed against that. We said, You put us in the majority, we won’t do that. And it breaks my heart that under the current Speaker, a new record broke NANCY PELOSI ’s record of 
more bills brought to the floor with no amendments allowed, a closed rule. That has got to change. 
chance. If all those who said they would have voted with us but it had no chance had voted with us, then it 
up to me yesterday on the floor and handed me this and said, ‘‘This is from an old novel.’’ I think it is called ‘‘The Lion’s Den.’’ He said, ‘‘This applies to you,’’ and I appreciate it more than he would know. 
No matter how the espousal of a lost cause 
might hurt his prestige in the House, Zimmer had never hesitated to identify himself with it if it seemed to him to be right. He knew only two ways; the right one and the wrong, and if he sometimes made a mistake, it was never one of honor: he voted as he believed he should, and although sometimes his voice was raised alone on one side of a question, it was never stilled. 
this week, and I hope they will be honored and not belittled. 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to clause 11 of rule X, clause 11 of rule I, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, January 16, 2015, at 4 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 62. A letter from the Secretary of the 
Army, Department of Defense, transmitting a notice of mobilizations of select Reserve units from October 2013 through September 2014, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 12304b; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the texts of Protocol to Convention No. 29: Protocol to the Forced Labour Convention, 1930, and Recommendation No. 203: Recommendation on Supplementary Measures for the Effective Suppression of Forced Labor, adopted by the International Labour Conference in Geneva; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
68. A letter from the Staff Director, Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting a copy of the charter for the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights state advisory committees, pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
ROKITA , Mr. I SSA, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
H.R. 340. A bill to provide for a limitation 
on the number of civilian employees at the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 341. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require States to recognize the military experience of veterans when issuing licenses and credentials to veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 342. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to extend military commissary and exchange store privileges, without time period limitation, to members of the Armed Forces who are involuntarily separated with 
a serviceconnected disability and also to extend such privileges to their dependents; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. J ENKINS of 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mrs. 
H.R. 343. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a charitable deduction for the service of volunteer firefighters and emergency medical and rescue personnel; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Ms. E STY, Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. 
Mexico, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
POCAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. H ONDA , 
H.R. 344. A bill to provide for the establishment of a pilot program to encourage the employment of veterans in manufacturing positions; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 345. A bill to make persons who conspire to commit, commit, or benefit from an act of human trafficking ineligible for admission to the United State of America; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. K APTUR, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EEKS , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. V ISCLOSKY ): 
H.R. 346. A bill to improve the financial literacy of students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 347. A bill to amend the Credit Repair 
Organizations Act to exempt certain consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 348. A bill to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
RIBBLE , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. W ALBERG , 
H.R. 349. A bill to require the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to create an electronic database of research and information on the causes of, and corrective actions being taken with regard to, algal blooms in the Great Lakes, their tributaries, and other surface fresh waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Ms. MATSUI, Mr. F LORES , Mr. C OOK, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. P AULSEN , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. W ALBERG , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. 
WAGNER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Ms. G RANGER , Mr. H UDSON , Ms. C ASTORof Florida, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. D ENT, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
Ms. E STY, Ms. H AHN, Mrs. W ATSON  
TORRES , Mr. H ULTGREN , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. W EBER of 
Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts, to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. T URNER, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
H.R. 351. A bill to provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUFFY: 
available to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency if the Administrator fails to meet certain deadlines; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 353. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to include licensed hearing aid specialists as eligible for appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 354. A bill to impose a civil penalty 
against a railroad carrier when a shift change of train employees causes a blockage of vehicular traffic at a grade crossing; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Telecommunications and Information Administration from relinquishing responsibility with respect to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority functions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 356. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to develop and publish an action plan for improving the vocational rehabilitation services and assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
Victims Protection Act of 2000 to expand the training for Federal Government personnel related to trafficking in persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 358. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 359. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program on dog training therapy; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
KILMER , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 361. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to codify authority under existing grant guidance authorizing use of Urban Area Security Initiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding for enhancing medical preparedness, medical surge capacity, and mass prophylaxis capabilities; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. 
TONKO , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Ms. H AHN): 
H.R. 362. A bill to reduce the deficit by imposing a minimum effective tax rate for highincome taxpayers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
COSTA , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. R ANGEL , 
gold medal, collectively, to the First Rhode Island Regiment, in recognition of their dedicated service during the Revolutionary War; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida (for himself and Mr. BYRNE ): 
the Palestinian Authority until it withdraws its request to join the International Criminal Court; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 365. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to conduct a notice and comment rulemaking before implementing certain policies relating to obstruction evaluation aeronautical studies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K ELLY  
of Illinois, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R USH, Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
H.R. 366. A bill to reauthorize the VOW to 
Hire Heroes Act of 2011, to provide assistance to small businesses owned by veterans, to improve enforcement of employment and reemployment rights of members of the uniformed services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 367. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to require the Federal Election Commission to establish and operate a website through which members of the public may view the contents of certain political advertisements, to require the sponsors of such advertisements to furnish the contents of the advertisements to the Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 368. A bill to provide for greater safety in the use of firearms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 369. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Treasury to establish a program to reimburse States and political subdivisions of States for expenses related to the presence of aliens having no lawful immigration status, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 370. A bill to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health carerelated provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, Rules, House Administration, Appropriations, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 371. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to permit insurers to offer catastrophic coverage plans to anyone, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R USH, Ms. H AHN, 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and 
H.R. 372. A bill to authorize funds to prevent housing discrimination through the use of nationwide testing, to increase funds for the Fair Housing Initiatives Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. V ALADAO , and 
H.R. 373. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan searchandrecovery missions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Learning Challenge Fund to support States in building and strengthening systems of highquality early learning and development programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. LARSONof Connecticut, and Ms. E STY): 
grant program assisting the development of innovative early learning curricula for low income children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
H.R. 376. A bill to prohibit the sale, offering for sale, manufacture for sale, distribution in commerce, or import into the United 
States of certain firearm receiver castings or blanks, assault weapon parts kits, and machinegun parts kits and to prohibit the marketing or advertising of such castings or blanks and kits on any medium of electronic communications; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. S WALWELL of California): 
H.R. 377. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 
18, United States Code, to require homemade firearms to have serial numbers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. 
ownership, or possession of enhanced body armor by civilians, with exceptions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 379. A bill to designate the same individual serving as the Chief Nurse Officer of the Public Health Service as the National Nurse for Public Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 380. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to prohibit the inclusion of Social Security account numbers on Medicare cards; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
JONES , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
of the GrammLeachBliley Act and revive the separation between commercial banking and the securities business, in the manner provided in the Banking Act of 1933, the so called ‘‘GlassSteagall Act’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 382. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 8585 Criterion Drive in Colorado Springs, Colorado, as the ‘‘Chaplain (Capt.) Dale Goetz Memorial Post Office Building‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
contributions to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and the Green Climate Fund; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 384. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, 
United States Code, to require annual reports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in certain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. I SRAEL ): 
H.R. 385. A bill to amend chapter 11 of title 
31, United States Code, to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to annually submit to Congress a report on all disasterrelated assistance provided by the Federal Government; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
HASTINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 386. A bill to provide student loan forgiveness for American Indian educators teaching in local educational agencies with a high percentage of American Indian students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. L AMALFA ): 
H.R. 387. A bill to provide for certain land 
to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Alaska, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. K USTER , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
H.R. 388. A bill to provide for a lifetime National Recreational Pass for any veteran with a serviceconnected disability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. N ADLER, and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 389. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose increased rates of tax with respect to taxpayers with more than $1,000,000 taxable income, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. RIBBLE , and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): 
to remain on duty as necessary to clear a blockage of vehicular traffic at grade crossings; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. K ILMER ): 
H.R. 391. A bill to establish a grant program to preserve the legacy and ideals of Muhammad Ali and promote global respect, understanding, and communication, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 392. A bill to resolve title issues involving real property and equipment acquired using funds provided under the Alaska Kiln Drying Grant Program; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. 
H.R. 393. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require labeling of genetically engineered fish; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. JONES , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. 
of genetically altered salmon in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 395. A bill to amend the Indian Health 
Care Improvement Act to authorize advance appropriations for the Indian Health Service by providing 2fiscalyear budget authority, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of consecutive terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
terrorist attacks in Paris, offering condolences to the families of the victims, expressing solidarity with the people of France, and reaffirming fundamental freedom of expression; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. B ERA, and Ms. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee, as an entity of the United States Postal Service, should issue a commemorative stamp in honor of the holiday of Diwali; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Postal Service should issue a commemorative stamp honoring the life of Maya Angelou; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. P OLIS): 
of the House of Representatives to provide members of the public with Internet access to certain Congressional Research Service publications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. K ELLY  
TIBERI , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. R EED, Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. C HABOT , and Ms. S PEIER ): 
H. Res. 35. A resolution supporting the contributions of Catholic schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
years of mentoring, guidance, and educational assistance provided by the 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project and recognizing its positive impact on the lives of atrisk boys and men of color; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 396. A bill for the relief of Maria Carmen Castro Ramirez and J. Refugio Carreno Rojas; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 397. A bill for the relief of Jeanette 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 340. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution, specifically Clauses 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) of such section. 
to enact this legislation is Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
H.R. 341. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). 
H.R. 342. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 343. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes.’’ By Ms. DELBENE: 
H.R. 344. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 345. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 346. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution relating to the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) 
H.R. 347. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
H.R. 348. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof,’’ and Article III, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are subject to legislation by Congress. 
H.R. 349. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 350. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 351. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 352. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes 
H.R. 353. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 354. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18. 
H.R. 355. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes 
H.R. 356. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 357. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 358. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;’’ 
H.R. 359. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 13 The Congress shall have Power to provide 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
H.R. 360. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 361. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States, which grants Congress the power to provide for the common Defense of the United States, and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States, which provides Congress the power to make ‘‘all Laws which shall be necessary and proper’’ for carrying out the constitutional powers vested in the Government of the United States. 
H.R. 362. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 363. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 365. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 366. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 is the necessary and proper clause, allowing Congress to enact all laws necessary and proper for executing any of their enumerated powers. 
H.R. 367. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the US 
Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but Congress may at any time make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Place of choosing Senators. 
H.R. 368. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
H.R. 369. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;’’ 
8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes;’’ 
H.R. 370. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
This bill also makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 371. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 372. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following. 
Constitutional analysis is a rigorous discipline which goes far beyond the text of the Constitution, and requires knowledge of case law, history, and the tools of constitutional interpretation. While the scope of Congress’ powers is an appropriate matter for House debate, the listing of specific textual authorities for routine Congressional legislation about which there is no legitimate constitutional concern is a diminishment of the majesty of our Founding Fathers’ vision for 
H.R. 373. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 374. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 375. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 376. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution 
H.R. 377. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution 
H.R. 378. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution 
H.R. 379. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 380. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 381. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 382. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 The Congress shall have Power * * * To establish Post Offices and post roads. 
H.R. 383. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this bill is based is Congress’s power under the Spending Clause in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 384. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 386. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws necessary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. 
H.R. 387. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 388. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 389. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 390. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 391. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 392. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 393. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 394. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 395. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 396. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 4 of the Constitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization’’. The Supreme Court has long found that this provision of the Constitution grants Congress plenary power over immigration policy. As the Court found in Galvan 
H.R. 397. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; 
H.J. Res. 21. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this, Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. L UCAS , 
Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. W OODALL , Mr. 
H.R. 27: Mr. B RATand Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 36: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
Mr. K LINE, Ms. F OXX, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 109: Mr. O LSON , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. 
H.R. 132: Mr. C OLE, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. 
H.R. 173: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. M ULLIN , 
Mr. B LUM, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 197: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 217: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
Mr. L ATTA , Mr. K LINE, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. N UNNELEE , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. 
HILL, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R OGERSof Kentucky, and Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 221: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. N UNNELEE . 
H.R. 235: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
H.R. 265: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. 
H.R. 270: Mr. O LSON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M EEHAN, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 280: Mrs. W ALORSKI and Mr. M URPHY  
H.R. 281: Mr. N UNNELEE and Mr. M ILLER of 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H ILL, Mrs. 
GOWDY , Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. B RAT. 
H.J. Res. 2: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. H ILL, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. G OWDY , and Mr. 
H.J. Res. 13: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. B RAT. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
NOLAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. W ITTMAN , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mrs. 
H. Res. 24: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
WHITFIELD , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. O LSON , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. H UNTER , and 
PRIOR TO SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT OF THE 113TH CONGRESS 2D SESSION 
APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT PRIOR TO SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT 
The President, prior to sine die adjournment of the 2d Session, 113th Congress, notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates, he had approved and signed bills and a joint resolution of the following titles: 
further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes. 
honorary citizenship of the United States on Bernardo de Gu ¸lvez y Madrid, Viscount of 
H.R. 43. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 Red River Avenue North in Cold Spring, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Officer Tommy Decker Memorial Post Office’’. 
H.R. 78. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 4110 Almeda Road in Houston, Texas, as the ‘‘George Thomas ‘Mickey’ Leland Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 83. An Act making consolidated appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 451. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 500 North Brevard Avenue in Cocoa Beach, Florida, as the ‘‘Richard K. Salick Post Office’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 25 South Oak Street in London, Ohio, as the ‘‘London Fallen Veterans Memorial Post Office’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 302 East Green Street in Champaign, Illinois, as the ‘‘James R. Burgess Jr. Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 787 State Route 17M in Monroe, New York, as the ‘‘National Clandestine Service of the Central Intelligence Agency NCS Officer Gregg David Wenzel Memorial Post Office’’. 
H.R. 2203. An Act to provide for the award 
of a gold medal on behalf of Congress to Jack Nicklaus, in recognition of his service to the Nation in promoting excellence, good sportsmanship, and philanthropy. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 220 Elm Avenue in Munising, Michigan, as the ‘‘Elizabeth L. Kinnunen Post Office Building’’. 
of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of World War I. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 10360 Southwest 186th Street in Miami, Florida, as the ‘‘Larcenia J. Bullard Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 3349 West 111th Street in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Herbert Johnson Memorial 
H.R. 3375. An Act to designate the communitybased outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs to be constructed at 3141 Centennial Boulevard, Colorado Springs, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC Floyd K. Lindstrom Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 113 West Michigan Avenue in Jackson, Michigan, as the ‘‘Officer James Bonneau Memorial Post Office’’. 
H.R. 3687. An Act to designate the community based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs located at 1961 Premier Drive in Mankato, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Lyle C. Pearson Community Based Outpatient Clinic’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 218–10 Merrick Boulevard in Springfield Gardens, New York, as the ‘‘Cynthia Jenkins Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 4000 Leap Road in Hilliard, Ohio, as the ‘‘Master Sergeant Shawn T. Hannon, Master Sergeant Jeffrey J. Rieck and Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Vermilyea Avenue, in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Corporal Juan Mariel Alcantara Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 4812. An Act to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to require the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to establish a process for providing expedited and dignified passenger screening services for veterans traveling to visit war memorials built and dedicated to honor their service, and for other purposes. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 715 Shawan Falls Drive in Dublin, Ohio, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Wesley G. Davids and Captain Nicholas J. Rozanski Memorial Post Office’’. 
H.R. 4924. An Act to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to enter into the Big Sandy RiverPlanet Ranch Water Rights Settlement Agreement and the Hualapai Tribe Bill 
Williams River Water Rights Settlement Agreement, to provide for the lease of certain land located within Planet Ranch on the Bill Williams River in the State of Arizona to benefit the Lower Colorado River Multi Species Conservation Program, and to provide for the settlement of specific water rights claims in the Bill Williams River watershed in the State of Arizona. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 2561 Galena Avenue in Simi Valley, California, as the ‘‘Neil Havens Post Office’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 13500 SW 250 Street in Princeton, Florida, as the ‘‘Corporal Christian A. Guzman Rivera Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Admiral Callaghan Lane in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Philmore Graham Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5108. An Act to establish the Law 
School Clinic Certification Program of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 5681. An Act to provide for the approval of the Amendment to the Agreement Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for Cooperation on the Uses of Atomic Energy for Mutual Defense Purposes. 
H.R. 669. An Act to improve the health of 
children and help better understand and enhance awareness about unexpected sudden death in early life. 
H.R. 1067. An Act to make revisions in title 
36, United States Code, as necessary to keep the title current and make technical corrections and improvements. 
H.R. 1204. An Act to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to direct the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Administration) to establish an Aviation Security Advisory Committee, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1206. An Act to grant the Secretary of 
the Interior permanent authority to authorize States to issue electronic duck stamps, and for other purposes. 
Health Service Act to reauthorize programs under part A of title XI of such Act. 
States Federal Judicial Center located at 333 West Broadway in San Diego, California, as the ‘‘John Rhoades Federal Judicial Center’’ and to designate the United States courthouse located at 333 West Broadway in San Diego, California, as the ‘‘James M. Carter and Judith N. Keep United States Courthouse’’. 
report to the Attorney General certain information regarding the deaths of individuals in the custody of law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2591. An Act to amend certain provisions of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. 
H.R. 2640. An Act to amend the Wild and 
Scenic Rivers Act to adjust the Crooked River boundary, to provide water certainty for the City of Prineville, Oregon, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2719. An Act to require the Transportation Security Administration to implement best practices and improve transparency with regard to technology acquisition programs, and for other purposes. 
of Homeland Security to assess the cybersecurity workforce of the Department of Homeland Security and develop a comprehensive workforce strategy, and for other purposes. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 442 Miller Valley Road in Prescott, Arizona, as the ‘‘Barry M. Goldwater Post Office’’. 
H.R. 3044. An Act to approve the transfer of 
occupied by the Federal Bureau of Investigation located at 801 Follin Lane, Vienna, Virginia, as the ‘‘Michael D. Resnick Terrorist Screening Center’’. 
H.R. 3329. An Act to enhance the ability of 
community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3374. An Act to provide for the use of 
savings promotion raffle products by financial institutions to encourage savings, and for other purposes. 
Credit Union Act to extend insurance coverage to amounts held in a member account on behalf of another person, and for other purposes. 
of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units. 
H.R. 4007. An Act to recodify and reauthorize the Chemical Facility AntiTerrorism Standards Program. 
H.R. 4193. An Act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to change the default investment fund under the Thrift Savings Plan, and for other purposes. 
of Veterans Affairs medical center in Waco, Texas, as the ‘‘Doris Miller Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center’’. 
H.R. 4276. An Act to extend and modify a 
pilot program on assisted living services for veterans with traumatic brain injury. 
H.R. 4416. An Act to redesignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 161 Live Oak Street in Miami, Arizona, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Manuel V. Mendoza Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 601 West Baker Road in Baytown, Texas, as the ‘‘Specialist Keith Erin Grace, Jr. Memorial Post Office’’. 
H.R. 4926. An Act to designate a segment of 
Interstate Route 35 in the State of Minnesota as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Highway’’. 
H.R. 5050. An Act to repeal the Act of May 
H.R. 5057. An Act to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to permit exemptions for external power supplies from certain efficiency standards, and for other purposes. 
Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamp Act to increase in the price of Migratory Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamps to fund the acquisition of conservation easements for migratory birds, and for other purposes. 
Women’s Breast Health Education and Awareness Requires Learning Young Act of 2009. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 73839 Gorgonio Drive in Twentynine Palms, California, as the ‘‘Colonel M.J. ‘Mac’ Dube, USMC Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 801 West Ocean Avenue in Lompoc, California, as the ‘‘Federal Correctional Officer Scott J. Williams Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 101 East Market Street in Long Beach, California, as the ‘‘Juanita Millender McDonald Post Office’’. H.R. 5705. An Act to modify certain provisions relating to the Propane Education and Research Council. 
H.R. 5739. An Act to amend the Social Security Act to provide for the termination of social security benefits for individuals who participated in Nazi persecution, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 5816. An Act to extend the authorization for the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom. 
respect to the Russian Federation, to provide additional assistance to Ukraine, and for 
H.R. 1068. An Act to enact title 54, United 
States Code, ‘‘National Park Service and Related Programs’’, as positive law. 
H.R. 2754. An Act to amend the Hobby Protection Act to make unlawful the provision of assistance or support in violation of that Act, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2901. An Act to strengthen implementation of the Senator Paul Simon Water for the Poor Act of 2005 by improving the capacity of the United States Government to implement, leverage, and monitor and evaluate programs to provide firsttime or improved access to safe drinking water, sanitation, and hygiene to the world’s poorest on an equitable and sustainable basis, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3608. An Act to amend the Act of October 19, 1973, concerning taxable income to members of the Grand Portage Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians. 
H.R. 3979. An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2015 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
of the United States Postal Service located at 18640 NW 2nd Avenue in Miami, Florida, as the ‘‘Father Richard MarquessBarry Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 4681. An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 5462. An Act to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to provide for limitations on the fees charged to passengers of air carriers. 
Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain expiring provisions and make technical corrections, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax treatment of ABLE accounts established under State programs for the care of family members with disabilities, and for other purposes. 
The President, prior to sine die adjournment of the 2d Session, 113th Congress, notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates, he had approved and signed bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
center of the Department of Veterans Affairs located at 3900 Woodland Avenue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Corporal Michael J. Crescenz Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center’’. S. 1434. An Act to designate the Junction 
City CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic located at 715 Southwind Drive, Junction City, Kansas, as the Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz CommunityBased Outpatient Clinic. 
S. 2040. An Act to exchange trust and fee 
land to resolve land disputes created by the realignment of the Blackfoot River along the boundary of the Fort Hall Indian Reservation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2917. An Act to expand the program of 
S. 2921. An Act to designate the community based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs located at 310 Home Boulevard in Galesburg, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lane A. Evans VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic’’. 
S. 1000. An Act to require the Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget to prepare a crosscut budget for restoration activities in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, and for other purposes. 
S. 1353. An Act to provide for an ongoing, 
voluntary publicprivate partnership to improve cybersecurity, and to strengthen cybersecurity research and development, workforce development and education, and public awareness and preparedness, and for other purposes. 
Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 to repeal a special rule for the State of Alaska, and for other purposes. 
S. 1683. An Act to provide for the transfer 
of naval vessels to certain foreign recipients, and for other purposes. 
S. 1691. An Act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to improve the security of the United States border and to provide for reforms and rates of pay for border patrol agents. 
S. 2142. An Act to impose targeted sanctions on persons responsible for violations of human rights of antigovernment protesters in Venezuela, to strengthen civil society in Venezuela, and for other purposes. 
S. 2270. An Act to clarify the application of 
certain leverage and riskbased requirements under the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
for the Coast Guard for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes. 
S. 2519. An Act to codify an existing operations center for cybersecurity. 
S. 2521. An Act to amend chapter 35 of title 
44, United States Code, to provide for reform to Federal information security. 
of the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General. 
S. 2759. An Act to release the City of St. 
Clair, Missouri, from all restrictions, conditions, and limitations on the use, encumbrance, conveyance, and closure of the St. Clair Regional Airport. 
extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes. 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Boyertown Museum of Historic Vehicles as it celebrates 50 years of educating countless visitors about the important role Berks County and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania played in the development of America’s automobile industry. 
Before Detroit became the automobile capital of the world, Berks County was at the forefront of America’s transportation revolution. Horsedrawn carriages yielded to electric and gasolinepowered vehicles test driven on the steep slopes and hairpin curves leading to the summit of Mt. Penn in Reading and other roads in the region. 
hard work of its staff and volunteers, as well as the generosity of its members and supporters, the Museum chronicles the ground breaking contributions of automobile manufacturing pioneers such as Charles Duryea, who along with his brother, Frank, is credited with designing and producing the country’s first hill climbing, gasolinepowered vehicle and the first commerciallyproduced automobile in 1900. 
Founded by Paul R. Hafer and his wife, Ermine, in 1965, the Museum is home to fascinating exhibits and dozens of automobiles, trucks, and motorcycles that were manufactured in Pennsylvania. The community will help the Museum kick off a yearlong celebration of the 50th anniversary on Saturday, January 17th during a Golden Gala. 
me in recognizing the Boyertown Museum of Historic Vehicles as it celebrates this memorable milestone and continues telling the uniquely American story of how hard work, ingenuity and craftsmanship helped Berks County and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania revolutionize how all of us travel. 
pay tribute to an extraordinary woman and cherished constituent, Constance Eisenstat, who died on December 23, 2014, at the age of 83. Born in New York City to Lee and Cecile (Meyer) Kend, Connie spent the first half of her life as a New Yorker, and then as a Californian in the Bay Area. 
did and was. A unique, tasteful, funny, smart, intuitive, wise and fully decent woman, she 
consistently made herself available to help those who needed her, whether it was wardrobe guidance, new shopping opportunities, or exclusives on upcoming sales! Her notable travel and fine dining tips, favorite recipes, reviews of movies, art, and theatre were offered free of charge, and everyone trusted Connie’s judgment and good taste. But most importantly, Connie was truly at her best when coaching others through their illnesses, their difficult personal times or their life’s challenges. Connie was a courageous woman. She inspired others through her inner strength, fighting off her own illnesses countless times, yet never allowing them to get her down. 
Kettering Hospital in New York, Connie and a friend launched the Patient to Patient Program at Stanford Hospital. They and their group of carefully trained volunteers paid visits to patients who had undergone breast cancer surgeries. Introducing themselves as breast cancer survivors, they offered information and support services to hospital patients with gentleness and sensitivity. When the Community Breast Health Project (CBHP) was created in 1993, Connie once again offered her services to help launch this valued community nonprofit organization. For many years she served as a committed volunteer and fundraiser, and together with a group of likeminded individuals, she sustained and strengthened this premier community organization (now Bay Area Cancer Connections) that supports people touched by breast and ovarian cancer with comprehensive, personalized services in an atmosphere of warmth and compassion. 
mom, friend, and community leader. Her loyalty, style, energy, creativity, humor, determination and bravery are all hallmarks of who she was and made her unforgettable. She was an entrepreneur before the word was popularized . . . the owner of a tennis shop, Connie’s Racquet, and a food business, Ultomato. She 
also brought her enduring sense of beauty to the Cantor Arts Center at Stanford University as a member of the Board. 
years, Albert (Pepsi), her children Melissa (Jonathan) and Michael (Susanne) and her beloved four grandsons, Mitch, Johnny, Ben and Tommy. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in honoring and celebrating the life of Connie Eisenstat. In the words of Vincent Van Gogh: 
Sometimes they know us better than we know ourselves. 
and support us, to share our laughter and our tears. 
This beloved and unique woman strengthened her family, her friends, her community and her country. May our tribute to her be a source of pride and comfort to the entire Eisenstat family. RECOGNIZING THE CAREER AND 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the career and retirement of William L. Berg. Mr. Berg, a lifelong resident of Wisconsin, is retiring from his position as president and CEO of Dairyland Power Cooperative. During his career, Mr. Berg oversaw a series of major transitions in the electric utility industry. He handled these transitions with confidence, leaving Dairyland better for his service. Mr. Berg’s tenure at Dairyland was the longest of any CEO of a generation and transmission cooperative in the United States. 
WisconsinMadison with a Bachelor’s and Master’s Degrees in Electrical Engineering in 1971 and 1972, respectively. From 1972 to 1974, Mr. Berg was employed by the Wisconsin Electric Power Company as an engineer. Bill was hired by Dairyland in 1974, and assumed the duties of president and chief executive officer in 1990, just as the electric restructuring movement began. His leadership helped to guide Dairyland through the rapid changes associated with this period of restructuring and deregulation. 
values underpinning the cooperative business model. He believed that the strength of a cooperative comes from its members. His primary concern was always the interests of the cooperative’s members, and by remaining focused on their fundamental importance, he was able to achieve great success as the leader of the cooperative. 
Mr. Berg is a registered Professional Engineer in the State of Wisconsin and a member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers. He spends his time serving on a variety of boards and committees, including the Board of Advisors of Viterbo University and its Executive Committee. He also serves on the Rail Energy Transportation Advisory Committee of the Surface Transportation Board of the U.S. Department of Transportation and is a member of National Rural Electric Cooperative Association’s Environmental Task Force. Mr. Berg is a pastpresident and current board member of the National Renewables Cooperative Organization. He is also a pastpresident of the National G&T Managers’ Association and has served on the Board of Directors of the Electric Power Research Institute. 
Bill and his wife, Cindi, live in La Crosse 
where they plan to remain active in their church and in other community activities after Bill’s retirement. Together they have two children, Michael and Sarah, as well as five grandchildren. Bill and Cindi are keen travelers, enjoying hiking experiences across the continents. I wish Bill and Cindi all the best in the years to come. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes 
recognize John Pitstick who is retiring as the Director of Planning and Development from the City of North Richland Hills. 
all of the city’s development activities, including planning and zoning as well as direction of building inspections. These responsibilities for comprehensive planning, strategic development and redevelopment included revitalization of Boulevard 26, expansion of Loop 820, future commuter rail station planning and gas well regulations. 
Under his leadership, the City of North Richland Hills was presented with the ‘‘Certificate of Achievement for Planning Excellence’’ by the Texas Chapter of the American Planning Association. The annual award recognizes ‘‘a commitment to professional planning by City Administration, Elected and Appointed Officials and exemplary professional standards demonstrated by the Planning Staff.’’ 
Mr. Pitstick is a graduate of the University of 
Texas at Arlington with a Bachelor’s Degree in Communications and a Master’s in Urban Affairs. With a career spanning over 30 years of service, his retirement from North Richland Hills was preceded by his service in key positions with the cities of Hurst, Wylie, Arlington, Lancaster and Irving. 
the City of North Richland Hills in the U.S. House of Representatives, and I gladly join the City and the appreciative citizens of the 26th Congressional District and across North Texas whom he has dutifully served throughout his career. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to recognize Bill Mischke, a dedicated Scouter, mentor to countless youth and one of my first merit badge counselors. As the director for Camp Ockanickon, Bill ensured each Boy Scout troop had a fulfilling experience at the camp fires, the mess hall was well stocked and each counselor was prepared for the rigors the summer would bring. Additionally, he oversaw the implementation of the GE Betz Science Center, the first such center in the United States which provides an 
opportunity for scouts to earn STEM based merit badges. After a successful career with the Bucks County Council, Bill has moved on to spend more time with his family but has continued to impact the lives of our future leaders as the Director of Program Experience with the DelMarVa Council. I want to congratulate him on a successful life committed to the tenants of the Scout Oath and Law and wish him happiness in all his future endeavors. I yield back. 
honor of Petra C. Kaatz, the National President of the Jewish War Veterans Department of Florida Ladies Auxiliary. Her diligence on behalf of our men and women in uniform is a testament to her dedication to our country, and she rightfully deserves our recognition and admiration. 
Petra Kaatz started a long and fulfilling career as a member of the Long Island Civil Air Patrol, where she became a flight nurse and ran a stewardess training program for female cadets. At the age of 22, she became the head nurse of a medical surgical unit and later served as PTA President at United Cerebral Palsy of Queens and Children’s Rehabilitation Center. She became President of the Queens Hospital Center Community Advisory Board and served as a representative for the United Nations Year of the Disabled. She also established and ran a Cub Scout pack for disabled children at the Henry Viscardi School in Albertson, New York and was editor of the PTA newsletter. 
United States of America Ladies Auxiliary in 1994 and has been an active member ever since. Before becoming National President of the JWVA, she served as Queens County President, Department of New York President, and the chairman of various auxiliary, county, and department JWVA committees. She is a member of the Advisory Board of the national JWVA and lifemember of the Ladies Auxiliary. 
every major conflict since World War II, I know very well the sacrifices that our military families have made for our country. Petra Kaatz’s commitment to honor our military and their families should serve as an inspiration for us all, and I have no doubt she will continue to inspire South Floridians to live by her example. 
No. 24, on agreeing to amendment number two to H.R. 185 by Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, 
I was unavoidably detained and unable to cast my votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes: 
to protecting our homeland, it is incumbent on all of us—Democrats and Republicans—to put politics aside and work together. Yet, the exercise we are going through today risks not funding the Department of Homeland Security. 
the President’s immigration reforms will not become law. Republican Senators are already expressing their skepticism about this approach. And, the President would veto this bill if it passed Congress with these provisions. So as the clock ticks down on funding for our homeland security agencies, why are we wasting time on this debate? 
is catering to its extreme wing—antiimmigrant, tea party Republicans who are obsessively focused on blocking the President. 
acted when this House did not. Last Congress, the Senate passed legislation to fix our broken immigration laws. However, this body dawdled, delayed and ultimately did nothing. Finally, the President was forced to move forward alone. He took sensible steps—backed by legal precedent and well within his authority—that will resolve some of the worst flaws in our broken immigration system. 
unless they can block the President and punish immigrants, they will jeopardize funding for the Secret Service, for the Coast Guard and the TSA. At a time when the world is reeling from horrific terrorist attacks in Paris, how can my colleagues play politics with funding for these agencies? This is cynical politics at its worst—and we must reject it. 
to honor Pastor Dan Q. Carr of South Mississippi’s Fourth Congressional District, on the occasion of the pastor’s 30th anniversary of ministry at Faith Baptist Church of Gulfport. 
called to preach at a young age. He surrendered to that call on January 17, 1985, and became pastor of Faith Baptist Church on that same day. On Sunday, January 18, 2015, his flock of family and friends will join together to honor Pastor Carr’s 30 years of faithful stewardship. 
and since has grown to a congregation of over 
pastor like Dan Carr, has allowed Faith Baptist Church to become a community leader of faith ministry and outreach. In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Faith Baptist opened its doors as a relief station where thousands of Gulf Coast survivors found comfort, hope, and needed supplies in those troubled and uncertain times. 
Mickey, and together they share nine children and eleven grandchildren. Mississippi, Gulfport, and the Fourth Congressional District are blessed by the continued ministry of Pastor Dan Carr. 
anniversary and wish the Faith Baptist Church family continued growth and success in ministry for many more years to come. 
like to pay tribute to Mr. Dan Fager on his retirement with thirtyfive years of service with Chevron Corporation. 
Dan was born and raised in Topeka, Kansas, and he graduated from Topeka West High School in 1970. After high school he attended the University of Kansas for two years. He then transferred to Michigan State University and graduated in 1974 with a degree in Criminal Justice. Dan was a police officer in Baltimore, Maryland for one year before heading back to the University of Kansas Law School, where he obtained a Juris Doctor degree in 1977. Dan lived in Denver right after law school where he worked as a law clerk for the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals. 
September of 1980 as a Land Representative in the Denver office. In 1985, he became District Supervisor for Land. Dan then moved to Washington, DC as the Upstream Representative in 1988 on a ‘‘temporary’’ assignment. That temporary assignment soon morphed into his permanent placement. 
and effective lobbyist in Washington, DC establishing Chevron as a goto company on Capitol Hill. His word was his bond and his factbased approach and commitment to integrity made him indispensable to Chevron and the people in Washington with whom he worked. 
His accomplishments are numerous, including the Unocal acquisition for Chevron, first preserving Chevron’s right to operate in Burma and then later helping to lift the sanctions that allowed the U.S. to normalize the commercial relationship. He also played a key role ensuring that U.S. tax policy encouraged U.S. investment in oil and gas. 
team, Dan managed a staff of four. While his tendency to play the ‘‘devil’s advocate’’ could sometimes frustrate the team, they agree that his challenges helped them sharpen their lobbying skills. 
as a true gentleman with a bipartisan spirit. He is well respected for both his knowledge 
on issues and his calm and kind demeanor. He is a consummate professional, with a warm sense of humor and strong work ethic. I am proud to call him a personal friend. 
thank him for his diligent service to the energy industry. I wish him all the best that retirement has to offer. 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took office, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
added $7,460,069,714,172.71 to our debt in 5 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our nation, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amendment. 
today to honor Alither Mae Stephens of Copperas Cove, Texas as she celebrates her 100th birthday on January 15, 2015. Even with a century of living behind her, she remains a vibrant part of her growing central Texas community. 
her southern heritage alive when she moved to Copperas Cove. Devoted to family, Alither and her beloved Edward had one daughter, eight grandchildren, and numerous great grandchildren. She knows the keys to a long life are eating healthy, staying positive, and remaining active. Alither continues to cook for herself and church, bowling, and civic duties help fill her days. 
nation’s brave soldiers defend freedom on foreign shores, watched a humble midwesterner take mankind’s first steps on another world, and marveled at technological advances beyond any of her dreams. She listened to the soaring words of a southern minister as he worked to bring equality to all Americans and she saw people of all races, creeds, and backgrounds join together to make our nation a beacon of hope and freedom. Alither saw how America has been defined by extraordinary men and women who fought for a country brave enough to confront its past imperfections and hopeful enough to embrace a better tomorrow. 
The City of Copperas Cove, Texas proclaimed January 15, 2015 as Alither Mae Stephens Day, a fitting tribute to an amazing lady who has lived a long life, blessing all she has come into contact with along the way. I join her family and friends in celebrating Alither as we wish her the happiest of birthdays and 
nothing but health and prosperity in the years ahead. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 19 
on Monday, January 12th, 2015, my son underwent emergency surgery for appendicitis. For that reason, I was unable to travel to Washington, DC, in time for floor votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
today in honor of Dr. Lori A. Williams, who will be honored as the 137th President of the Lackawanna County Medical Society during its Annual Presidential Reception on Saturday, January 24. Dr. Williams has brought her training and education to the task of providing and improving health care in Eynon, Lackawanna County, and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
of Scranton and Hahneman Medical School. She completed her internship and residency at MacDill AFB in Biloxi, Mississippi. Dr. Williams is board certified in internal medicine. She served three years as a staff internist at MacDill AFB in Tampa, Florida. After serving as a major in the Air Force, Dr. Williams returned home to northeast Pennsylvania. 
up a private practice where she has been a driving force in the Lackawanna medical community. Throughout her career, Dr. Williams has provided exceptional medical care and served as a leader in her field. An outspoken advocate for fellow physicians, she has served 
on the House of Delegates of the Pennsylvania Medical Society. Dr. Williams has also served as the Society’s chief spokesperson on patient rights and quality of care issues. 
It is a great honor to recognize Dr. Lori Williams for her work in the medical field. I am grateful for her leadership and advocacy in the Lackawanna medical community. May she continue to achieve excellence in providing care to the citizens of the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES THAT THE CITIZENS’ STAMP ADVISORY COMMITTEE, AS AN ENTITY OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE, SHOULD ISSUE A COMMEMORATIVE STAMP IN HONOR OF THE HOLIDAY OF DIWALI 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the House Resolution Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee, as an entity of the United States Postal Service, should issue a commemorative stamp in honor of the holiday of Diwali. I am proud to be joined in this effort by my colleagues Congresswoman TULSI 
GABBARD , Congressman M IKEHONDA , Congresswoman G RACE MENG, and Congressman 
The fiveday ‘‘festival of lights,’’ Diwali celebrates the triumph of good over evil, light over dark, and knowledge over ignorance. This festive and important Indian holiday is celebrated by billions across the globe. Despite the significance of this holiday to many Americans, the United States Postal Service has not yet recognized Diwali with a commemorative stamp, as it has with other major religious and cultural holidays such as Christmas, Kwanzaa, Hanukkah, and Eid. 
As one of the world’s oldest religious holidays, Diwali has survived political, economic and social changes throughout history, while always carrying the universal symbolism of the victory of light, goodness, knowledge and truth. It is long overdue that we honor this significant holiday with a postage stamp of its own. 
I rise today to honor Napa Police Department (NPD) Chief Richard Melton upon his retirement. Capping off a long and impressive career in law enforcement, Chief Melton devoted the last ten years to serving and protecting our community as Chief of Police. 
the Chief of Police for both Farmington and Los Alamos, New Mexico Police Departments. Upon assuming the position of Chief of Police in Napa in 2004, Chief Melton immediately began improving the NPD’s relationship with the community as well as both the level of professionalism and education within the NPD. 
Chief Melton made it a priority for the NPD 
to forge a better working relationship with members of the homeless population in our community. As a result, the number of calls involving homeless persons decreased by 50 percent and the number of homeless persons arrested dropped by 50 percent. Chief Melton also worked to improve the NPD’s interactions 
with those in our community who suffer from mental health issues by bringing a parttime Napa County Mental Health Worker to the NPD. As Chief, Richard Melton recognized the importance of compassion, efficiency and professionalism when working with all members of our community. 
raising the level of education within the NPD. He always encouraged and supported his employees to take advantage of training and educational opportunities. He also raised the level of formal education for employees at the supervisorial and managerial levels. Chief Melton made a concerted effort to increase the level of professionalism within the NPD during his tenure, while still remaining approachable and receptive to his employees. 
Mr. Speaker, Chief Melton’s career is nothing short of impressive. On behalf of a grateful community, I wish him a most enjoyable retirement. 
to honor Tassos Efstratiades, Esq. of Cherry Hill, New Jersey for his achievements, contributions, and service to the people of New Jersey and its Hellenic community. 
life has been an inspiration to the citizens of South Jersey. After coming to the United States, he graduated from Villanova University with a law degree and a Master’s degree in International Relations. Over his more than three decades practicing law, Mr. Efstratiades has published numerous law articles and now serves as the cochair of the Philadelphia Bar Association’s Banking Committee. 
New Jersey in a number of civic posts. He was a close advisor to Governor James Florio, served as a board member of the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, and as chairman of the Governor’s Commission on International Trade among several other positions. Currently, he is serving as a member of the New Jersey Health Care Administration Board. 
Hellenic community. He was one of the founders of the Greek American Chamber of Commerce of New Jersey, and served not only as the first chairman of its board, but later as its president as well. He was instrumental in the the creation of the Hellenic Federation of New Jersey and, after being elected its first president, he worked tirelessly to promote the interests of the Greek Orthodox Church and the Hellenic community in New Jersey. In recognition of his efforts, Mr. Efstratiades was made an Archon of the Ecumenical Patriarchate by His All Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I. 
great man who exemplifies the American spirit. I join the Hellenic Federation and all of New Jersey in honoring the achievements of this exceptional man. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 17 
on Monday, January 12th, 2015, my son underwent emergency surgery for appendicitis. For that reason, I was unable to travel to Washington, DC, in time for floor votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ 
honor and pay tribute to an individual whose commitment and contributions to the City of Murrieta, California are exceptional. Murrieta has been fortunate to have dynamic and dedicated community leaders who willingly and unselfishly give their time and talent and make their communities a better place to live and work. Murrieta Fire Chief, Matt Shobert, is one of these individuals. On Tuesday, January 20, 2015, Matt Shobert will be honored for his devoted and valiant service to the people of Murrieta. 
Arizona, actively working his way to leading the fire department in Sedona, Arizona. He then brought his talent and leadership to the Hemet Fire Department, in which he served as Fire Chief for three years. Matt was then appointed as Murrieta’s Fire Chief in March of 2011 in which he enthusiastically served the community for nearly four years. 
Chief Shobert holds a Master Degree in Organizational Management, a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Management and an Associate’s Degree in Fire Science. In addition, Matt also graduated from the National Fire Academy’s Executive Fire Officers’ Program, has been accredited three times as a Chief Fire Officer Designee by the Center for Public Safety Excellence and has also been awarded membership into the Institution of Fire Engineers. 
a devastating injury while doing what he enjoyed most, keeping the people of Murrieta safe. Throughout his tenure, Fire Chief Matt Shobert continued the distinguished history of the Murrieta Fire Department, working daily to improve the partnership held with the community and by enhancing the strong sense of camaraderie amongst the firefighters in his department. 
Fire Chief Matt Shobert has been an excellent public servant who has consistently provided for the safety and wellbeing of the community of Murrieta. His legacy will serve as a shining example and constant reminder of what it means to be a public servant and I am proud to call Matt a fellow community member, American and friend. I know that many are grateful for his service and salute him in his retirement. 
2015 I missed recorded votes #17–19 due to travel delays. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
On Roll Call #17, I would have voted YEA 
On Roll Call #18, I would have voted YEA 
On Roll Call #19, I would have voted YEA 
celebrate a momentous occasion: the 100th anniversary of the Laredo Chamber of Commerce. For one century, this organization has been an instrumental and encouraging part of our community that wishes to see our city continue to grow and move forward. 
founded in April of 1915 in Laredo, Texas. It is the largest and oldest business organization in Laredo, representing over 650 members from numerous industries, including financial institutions, retailers, and service providers. It is a voluntary, notforprofit association that inspires development in business and tourism, and is a voice for the local business community. The Chamber is also a member of other associations such as the American Chamber of Commerce, the Texas Association of Mexican American Chambers of Commerce, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
mission statement that it is their duty to be proactive in order to further the success of the Laredo area while also strengthening the advancement of development in areas such as infrastructure and resources. In addition, the Chamber provides various workshops for community members, such as seminars, trainings, and informative customer service sessions. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize the Laredo Chamber of Commerce for their hard work and endless effort in improving our community these past 100 years. I thank you for this time. 
the Committee on Ethics, and along with my colleague, LINDA SA´NCHEZ , the Ranking Member, I rise today to congratulate our departing Director of Investigations, Deborah Mayer, on her new position as staff director for the Senate Ethics Committee, and to thank her for her 
service to the House. Her new position continues a career dedicated to public service, which includes not only her work for the House, but also her prior work as a prosecutor with the Justice Department, and her 16years of service in the JAG Corps of the United States Navy and Naval Reserves. Her dedication to public service, as well as her keen legal mind, will serve the Senate well, as they have served this body for the last several years. Their gain is our loss, and we thank her deeply for her service to this House. 
Speaker, I rise to thank Deborah Mayer for her service to the Committee on Ethics as its Director of Investigations. Since 2011, Ms. Mayer has lent her experience as a skilled lawyer and manager to the Committee’s important work of enforcing the House ethics rules. She managed a team of attorneys and investigators that successfully handled a busy docket of investigations. 
to the Committee Members, guiding us through complicated issues and difficult choices. She instilled in her team a strong sense of the value of public service and a dedication to finding the truth, with fairness and impartiality. Deb’s entire career has been dedicated to public service—as a paramedic, in uniform, and as an attorney. 
continue her impressive record of public service as staff director for the Senate Ethics Committee. As she begins her new role, we pause to note that we will miss her leadership and her talents, but we know she will remain our friend. Congratulations, Deb, and good luck. 
memory of Sharon Mendoza Doughty, who passed away on November 19, 2014 following a long battle with cancer. A pioneering rancher, conservationist, teacher, winemaker and a natural leader, Ms. Doughty was a positive force within the local community. 
historic B Ranch on the Point Reyes Peninsula. After the passing of her second husband, Bill Bianchini Jr., in the early 1980s, she took over the daily operations of their 800acre dairy. Transitioning from a career as an accountant and teacher, Sharon Doughty became a fulltime rancher with the help of her close family and friends. 
the dairy trade, Ms. Doughty became a natural leader within the North Bay dairy community and leaves behind a long legacy of positive impacts. The depth of her commitment to 
Marin County agriculture united fellow ranchers and helped to propel their products into national markets. A dedicated advocate for the preservation of local agricultural lands, Ms. Doughty served two terms as the president of the Marin Agricultural Land Trust and one term as a member of the California Coastal Commission. She selflessly devoted her time and expertise to the Marconi Conference Center in Marshall and 4H. Among her many honors, in 2007, Ms. Doughty was named the ‘‘Woman of the Year’’ for California’s 6th Assembly District for her exceptional community leadership. 
us that one woman can make a substantial difference. Her efforts will not soon be forgotten as much of her legacy lives on all around us in Marin County and beyond. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and express our deepest condolences to her husband Steve; daughters Kathleen von Raesfeld and Karen Taylor; brothers Joseph Mendoza Jr. and James Mendoza; grandchildren Audrey and Nina von Raesfeld, Camilla, William Joseph, and Eva Taylor; and nephew Will Clark. 
nation of immigrants. Since the earliest days of our nation, countless generations have come from around the world to build a better life here for themselves, their children and their families. 
But we are also a nation built on the rule of 
law, and those who enter our country illegally disregard those laws. 
single person who followed the proper procedure when they came to the United States, and in an age of international terrorism and global pandemics, it presents a serious national security risk. 
Instead, we need strict border security and the proper enforcement of the laws we already have on the books. 
from Congress, he decided to circumvent the legislative branch through executive action and grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. 
He disregarded both the will of the American people and the separation of powers that our founding fathers laid out for our government. 
By ignoring the core parts of our democracy, President Obama has shamefully overstepped his Constitutional authority. 
the sovereignty of its borders, and this executive action has only made the situation worse by offering a powerful incentive for more people to enter illegally. 
Make no mistake: I am and always will be 
100 percent opposed to blanket amnesty for illegal immigrants. 
sent a message and elected Republicans to a majority in both the House and Senate. 
Congress is now in a much stronger position to prevent this amnesty from being put in place, and we are working hard for the people to stop it. 
That is why I am proud to stand here today 
with my colleagues to put a halt to this outrageous example of executive overreach, and to tell this president that he is not above the law. 
HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PUEBLO GARDENS NEIGHBORHOOD DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. BREAKFAST 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize the Pueblo Gardens Neighborhood Association’s Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Breakfast on the occasion of its 25th Anniversary this Saturday, January 17, 2015. 
Tucson in 1990 by community activists John McNair and Edwina Gomez along with others to honor the great civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. They are working to keep his dream of fair and equitable treatment alive by fundraising for atrisk neighborhood youth to help them achieve their own dreams. In turn, youth are asked to perform community service projects that benefit the city of Tucson. In 1997, longtime community activist, James E. Christopher became Chairman of the program. As Chairman for the past eighteen years, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Breakfast has increased in attendance from thirteen people in its first breakfast to an average of one hundred and seventyfive in current years. 
Breakfast has the distinguished honor of being the sole neighborhood in Tucson to attract city, county, state, and federal dignitaries, along with radio, television and newspaper coverage for an event of its kind. 
light with the election of an AfricanAmerican president, Latina woman sworn into the Supreme Court, the acknowledgement of gay members in the military, and so forth. The Martin Luther King, Jr. Breakfast funding has enabled many youth to graduate from high school and continue on to receive postsecondary education certificates and degrees. Many of these youth have become part of the Tucson workforce and are valuable assets to the community. 
Pueblo Gardens Neighborhood Association in Tucson as we join them to celebrate on January 17, 2015, for its 25th Anniversary of their Martin Luther King, Jr. Breakfast. I thank the Pueblo Gardens MLK Breakfast Committee for their steadfast determination to keep Dr. King’s dream alive while helping youth achieve their goals. RECOGNIZING THE CAREER AND 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor 
of the career of Major William E. Bruring. Major Bruring began his career with the Civil Air Patrol as a high school student in December of 1941. He joined the organization right after the Pearl Harbor attacks, when his mentor, Roy E. Kumm, began Civil Air Patrol organizational meetings in the 32nd Red Arrow Wisconsin U.S. Army Division. Major Bruring was just 18 years old when he joined. 
many purposes. They towed aerial targets for student pilots, performed preflight training and handled other home front duties, such as war drives, collecting supplies and assembling medical kits to be deployed overseas to American troops in need of relief. Major Bruring also served as a paratrooper in the Army during World War II, volunteering for service when he graduated high school in 1943, and served in the Navy during the Korean War. When he returned home, he continued to serve in the Civil Air Patrol, and continues to serve in the organization today. Every Memorial Day, Major Bruring helps to coordinate ceremonies honoring America’s veterans. 
was honored with the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest distinction awarded to civilians in the United States, for his dedication and service in the Civilian Air Patrol during World War II. He is but one example of the brave men and women of Wisconsin who serve their country. 
It is with great pleasure that I extend these 
words of congratulations, as well as words of sincere appreciation, for all that Major Bruring has done for western and central Wisconsin. His service, both as a civilian in the Civil Air Patrol and as a soldier in World War II and Korea, are worthy of the highest praise, and he is certainly deserving of the Congressional Gold Medal. I wish him the best of luck in the years to come. 
commend Mr. Anthony ChungYi Ho. Mr. Ho has served with distinction as Deputy Director of the Congressional Liaison Division of the Taiwan Economic and Cultural Representative Office. His leadership and expertise have been invaluable in working with me and my staff and many other congressional offices on Capitol Hill. I want to congratulate him for moving back to his home country of Taiwan, and thank him for his many years of service. 
Mr. Ho has worked closely with my staff for 
many years on many matters related to U.S. Taiwan relations. Thanks in large part to his efforts, my staff and I have engaged many times on matters important to Taiwanese American interests and our shared values of 
Idaho has maintained a fruitful relationship with the Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Under Mr. Ho’s guidance, our office has cultivated a valuable relationship with the Taiwan Foreign Ministry, which has benefited both Idaho and Taiwan greatly. 
Taiwan is one of Idaho’s top trading partners, and many sectors of the Idaho economy benefit from the strong ties between the U.S. and Taiwan. Mr. Ho has fully dedicated himself to strengthening this relationship, and my constituents and I are very grateful for his efforts in this regard. 
the enduring friendship and respect between the U.S. and Taiwan. It has been an honor and a pleasure to work with him, and we will greatly miss him when he leaves Washington, D.C. I join many of my colleagues and their staffs in recognizing the devotion of Mr. Anthony ChungYi Ho and for his exceptional service and immense contributions to strengthening relations between Taiwan and the United States. 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Tony Padilla, a community icon, loving father and proud New Mexican. 
a community he cherished in the South Valley of Bernalillo County. Tony never forgot his roots; he lived them every day of his life. He had a fiery passion, deep conviction and heartfelt desire to improve the lives of his friends and neighbors. 
Bernalillo County Fire Commission where he could be found marking the scene of a fire and training young firefighters on necessary skills they would need on the job. He always had a presence in the community; whether it was helping families grieve the tragic loss of a loved one, supporting the Rio Grande High School baseball team and Los Padillas Community Center, or standing up for his fellow South Valley residents. 
A piece of Tony will live on forever in all of 
us; that characteristic ‘‘Hey neighbor’’ from across the yard followed by a vibrant smile, those routine visits to the Post Office for a brisk and engaging conversation, the fun and laughter at the church Fiesta, the insightful life lessons and the endless love he had for everyone he met. 
Tony demonstrates the impact that one individual can have on an entire community and serves as an inspiration for future generations of New Mexicans. His warmth, dedication and selflessness were felt by all. My thoughts and prayers are with family, friends and everyone who experienced Tony’s generosity and compassion. May the memory of Tony live on in our hearts. 
the nation observes for the 29th time the Martin Luther King, Jr. Holiday. 
Each year this day is set aside for Americans to celebrate the life and legacy of a man who brought hope and healing to America. 
that nothing is impossible when we are guided by the better angels of our nature. 
in our nation, and answered our collective longing to become a country that truly lived by its noblest principles. 
Yet, Dr. King knew that it was not enough 
just to talk the talk; he had to walk the walk for his words to be credible. 
the man of action, who put his life on the line for freedom and justice every day. 
We honor the courage of a man who endured harassment, threats and beatings, and even bombings. 
29 times to achieve freedom for others, and who knew he would pay the ultimate price for his leadership, but kept on marching and protesting and organizing anyway. 
Dr. King once said that we all have to decide whether we ‘‘will walk in the light of creative altruism or the darkness of destructive selfishness. 
‘‘Life’s most persistent and nagging question,’’ he said, is ‘‘what are you doing for others?’’ 
And when Dr. King talked about the end of 
his mortal life in one of his last sermons, on February 4, 1968 in the pulpit of Ebenezer Baptist Church, even then he lifted up the value of service as the hallmark of a full life: 
Martin Luther King, Jr. tried to give his life serving others, he said. I want you to say on that day, that I did try in my life . . . to love and serve humanity. 
Martin Luther King, Jr. was, above all, a person who was always willing to speak truth to power. There is perhaps no better example of Dr. King’s moral integrity and consistency than his criticism of the Vietnam War being waged by the Johnson Administration, an administration that was otherwise a friend and champion of civil and human rights. 
Deep South, then run by Jim Crow and the Klu Klux Klan. 
For young AfricanAmericans, it was an environment even more dangerous than the one they face today. 
one that he pieced together from his readings—in the Bible, and literature, and just about any other book he could get his hands on. 
And not only did those books help him educate himself, but they also allowed him to work through the destructive and traumatic experiences of blatant discrimination, and the 
discriminatory abuse inflicted on himself, his family, and his people. 
The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. that we 
celebrate today could have turned out to be just another AfricanAmerican who would have had to learn to be happy with what he had, and what he was allowed. 
his dreams to see right through those ‘‘White Only’’ signs—to see the reality that all men, and women, regardless of their place of origin, their gender, or their creed, are created equal. 
training his mind and broadening his intellect effectively shielded him from the demoralizing effects of segregation and discrimination. 
a tool through which he was able to lift his mind beyond the reality of his segregated society, and into a realm where it was possible that white and black, red and brown, and all others live and work alongside each other and prosper. 
But the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was 
not an idle daydreamer. He shared his visions through speeches that motivated others to join the nonviolent effort to lift themselves from 
poverty and isolation and create a new America where equal justice and institutions were facts of life. 
Thomas Jefferson wrote, ‘‘We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all Men are Created Equal.’’ 
At that time and for centuries to come, AfricanAmericans were historically, culturally, and legally excluded from inclusion in that declaration. 
Dr. King’s ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ Speech, delivered 51 years ago, on August 28, 1963, was a clarion call to each citizen of this great nation that we still hear today. 
His request was simply and eloquently conveyed—he asked America to allow of its citizens to live out the words written in its Declaration of Independence and to have a place in this nation’s Bill of Rights. 
The 1960s were a time of great crisis and 
conflict. The dreams of the people of this country were filled with troubling images that arose like lava from the nightmares of violence and the crises they had to face, both domestically and internationally. 
It was the decade of the Cuban Missile Crisis, the Vietnam War, and the assassinations of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy, Malcolm X, Presidential Candidate Robert Kennedy, and the man we honor here today. 
that started in Selma, Alabama on March 7, 1965—a march that ended with violence at the hands of law enforcement officers as the marchers crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge. 
But the dream did not die there. Dr. King led the Montgomery Bus Boycott, 
begun with Rosa Parks, that lasted for 381 days, and ended when the United States Supreme Court ruled that it was unconstitutional to discriminate on account of race in the field of interstate public transportation. 
against Jim Crow laws in the South and he organized and led demonstrations for desegregation, labor and voting rights. 
When the life of Dr. Martin Luther King was 
stolen from us, he was still a very young man, only 39 years old. People remember that Dr. King died in 
On that fateful day in 1968 Dr. King came 
to Memphis to support a strike by the city’s sanitation workers. 
formed a chapter of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees to demand better wages and working conditions. 
and when the 1,300 employees walked off their jobs the police broke up the rally with mace and police batons. 
such a volatile situation, it was an invitation he could not refuse. 
Not because he longed for danger, but because the labor movement was intertwined with the civil rights movement for which he had given up so many years of his life. 
That is his legacy as a dreamer and a man 
It is a legacy of hope, tempered with peace. 
under the law is never lost to us, who in the present, toil in times of unevenness in our equality. 
dream—we can never continue to improve on the human condition. 
whose vision is already clouded with the fog of complacency, I would like to recite the immortal words of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: 
I have a dream that one day on the red 
hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former shareholders will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood. 
I have a dream that one day even the State 
of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice. 
I have a dream that my four little children 
will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but for the content of their character. 
I have a dream today. I have a dream that one day down in Alabama with its vicious racists, with its Governor having his lips dripping with words of interposition and nullification—one day right there in Alabama, little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers. 
I have a dream today. I have a dream that one day every valley 
shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough place will be made plain and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together. 
equality; his ultimate dream was one of human equality and dignity. 
It is for us, the living, to continue that fight 
today and forever, following in the great spirit that inspired the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
to honor the life of Kyle Ean Long, who was born in Sacramento on June 14, 1987, and died on January 10, 2015, at the very young age of 27. Kyle, the son of James and Tina Long, was born and raised in Sacramento, attended local public schools, and was a graduate of California State University, Sacramento. 
I have known Kyle for three years, beginning when came to work in my California Capitol office in January of 2012 as an intern. Kyle swiftly became known as ‘‘Sunshine’’ for his positive attitude and infectious happiness. Kyle then worked for Assemblymember Tony Mendoza. After his work in the Assembly, Kyle worked for me as a Legislative Aide for two years as an integral team member, a role that he thrived in. 
member. As a college student, Kyle worked diligently towards a career in public policy. While attending college at Sacramento State University, Kyle honed his extraordinary people skills at Chicory Coffee in Sacramento, and became a familiar face to those working in the State Legislature. Kyle was a master of working with people of all backgrounds and of bringing people together. 
Kyle’s passion for public policy and his enthusiasm for bringing people together made him a highly effective Legislative Aide. During his tenure in the State Legislature, Kyle successfully steered bills through the legislative process that helped to provide counseling services for rape victims, to keep pesticides out of California schools, to provide school supplies for homeless children, and to close loopholes to keep drunk drivers off of the roads. 
was an important member of the State Senate family, a beloved friend, and an integral member of the community. Kyle made sure to have dinner with his grandmother every Tuesday, was always there to support his friends, and was looked up to by his two siblings and many cousins. 
considered his public policy work a privilege and took on his responsibilities with a strong sense of duty. He was a dependable, resourceful team player who was a beloved colleague with a bright future ahead of him. Kyle’s tragic loss is inexplicable, and I send my deepest condolences to his family, friends, and loved ones. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring the extraordinary life of Kyle Long. The world is a brighter and better place because of him. 
missed votes on January 13, 2015. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on Roll 
Call 20, ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 21, and, ‘‘Yes’’ on Roll Call 22, ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 23, ‘‘Yes’’ on Roll Call 24, ‘‘Yes’’ on Roll Call 25, ‘‘Yes’’ on Roll Call 26, ‘‘Yes’’ on Roll Call 27, and ‘‘No’’ on Roll Call 28. 
absent on January 6th, as I was attending the funeral of former New York Governor Mario Cuomo. Had I been present I would have voted in the following manner: 
Roll Call #1 Present. Roll Call #2 For Congresswoman NANCY  
Roll Call #3 No on Tabling the Motion to 
Roll Call #5 Yes on the Motion to Commit 
Roll Call #6 No on Adopting Rules for the 
Roll Call #7 Yes on H.R. 22, the Hire More 
honor of Dolly Nave, who passed away on December 23, 2014, at her home in San Rafael, California. As a dedicated community organizer and leader, Ms. Nave helped to transform recreational facilities in the City of San Rafael for the benefit of countless Marin County residents. 
In the 1980s, on behalf of Ms. Nave’s eight 
children and the children in the local community, Ms. Nave rallied the support of local contractors and volunteers to donate the equipment, labor, and funding necessary to breathe new life into public schools and cityowned recreation fields and facilities. Ms. Nave continued to improve recreational facilities throughout her life, and founded the Marin Bocce Federation in Albert Park, San Rafael. 
who processed the necessary organizational skills to always put the pieces in place and get the job done. She was the project manager for the construction of Marin Community Fields in Larkspur and was in the forefront of numerous projects at San Rafael High, initiating the successful ‘‘Save Night Football’’ campaign. A volunteer at Albert Park for 35 years, she became known as the ‘‘Angel of Albert Park’’ because she was one of its foremost advocates. In 1993, she was a founding board member and construction chair of the Marin Bocce Federation in Albert Park. The six bocce courts are now used by more than 1,000 players a week. 
her longstanding commitment to the others was recognized by numerous awards including 
San Rafael Citizen of the Year, the Marv Lechner Award from San Rafael High, and Woman of the Year for California’s Third Senate District in 1991. She was also one of the first women to be inducted into the Marin Athletic Foundation High School Hall of Fame. 
have benefited countless residents of San Rafael and Marin County. Her legacy will not soon be forgotten as her accomplishments can be seen all around the City of San Rafael. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and express our deepest condolences to her husband, Rich; three sons, Richard Jr., Paul and Tom; and three daughters, Sheri, Kathy and Patti; as well as her fortytwo grandchildren and great grandchildren. 
speak about the Keystone XL Pipeline Project and the legislation before us, H.R. 3. 
Mr. Speaker, the Keystone XL project proposed by TransCanada, a Canadian company, would build new pipeline to transport Alberta oil sands crude and crude oil produced in North Dakota and Montana to a market hub in Nebraska, and from there to Gulf Coast refineries. 
The proposed pipeline would deliver an estimated 830,000 barrels of oil per day. One of the most appealing aspects of the project is the positive economic impact it is expected to have on the economy. 
realize what would happen with this particular effort. There would be a $2.3 billion investment in the Texas economy, creating more than 50,000 jobs in the Houston area, providing $48 million in state and local tax revenues, and increasing the gross domestic product of the state by $1.9 billion. 
I favor the job creation potential of the Keystone XL Pipeline project, and voted accordingly less than a month and a half ago, on November 14, which was H.R. 5682. Yet the legislation contains several provisions that are of great concern to me which I feel inclined to address. 
international border, construction requires a presidential permit and would be subject to applicable state laws and permitting requirements. 
To issue a presidential permit, the State Department, after consulting with other federal agencies and providing opportunities for public comment, must determine that the project would serve the national interest. 
constitute a major federal action with a potentially significant environmental impact, it is also subject to environmental impact statement requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). 
The bill, however, declares that a presidential permit is not required for approval of the Keystone XL pipeline’s northern route from the Canadian border through Nebraska even 
impact statements issued to date would be considered sufficient to satisfy all requirements of the NEPA and the Endangered Species Act. 
the Judiciary, I have a problem with ‘‘deeming’’ something done that has not been done in fact. 
Third, the bill vests exclusive jurisdiction regarding legal disputes over the pipeline or the constitutionality of this bill would be granted to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia and requires claims regarding the pipeline to be brought within 60 days of the action that gives rise to the claim. 
It is unduly burdensome to require aggrieved parties to bear the considerable expense and hardship of traveling from their homes in North or South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, or Texas to Washington, DC to vindicate their legal rights. 
could have been improved had amendments been made in order. 
one from a Democrats and one Republican, making oil sands petroleum eligible to pay an excise tax into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund and another splitting revenue generated by the pipeline’s construction between DOE’s energy efficiency and renewable energy research and 
the amendments offered in the Rules Committee been made in order and approved, the bill before us would be improved markedly. 
body, you are wellaware that when amendments are madeinorder, the rankandfile can at least feel that they had a say in the process but when a Closed Rule is put forth—it does not stoke optimism about the legislative process for the 114th Congress. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 18 
on Monday, January 12th, 2015, my son underwent emergency surgery for appendicitis. For that reason, I was unable to travel to Washington, DC, in time for floor votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized schedule of all 
meetings and hearings of Senate committees, subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Committee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
January 15, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s RECORD . 
Organizational business meeting to consider committee rules, and an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m., on Friday, January 16, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 56 public bills, H.R. 340–395; 2 private bills, H.R. 396–397; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 21; and H. Res. 31–33, were introduced.
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015: The House passed H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, by a yeaandnay vote of 236 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 35. Consideration of the measure began yesterday, January 13.
Rejected the Israel motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yeaandnay vote of 184 yeas to 244 nays, Roll No. 34.
Aderholt amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–2) that prevents any funds from being used to carry out the Executive actions announced on November 20, 2014 to grant deferred action to certain unlawful aliens and four of the ‘‘Morton Memos’’ on prosecutorial discretion and immigration enforcement priorities issued in 2011 and 2012; declares that no funds may be used to carry out any substantially similar policies to those defunded; declares that the policies defunded and any substantially similar policies have no statutory or constitutional basis and therefore no legal effect; and provides that no funds may be used to grant any Federal benefit to any alien as a result of the policies defunded (by a recorded vote of 237 ayes to 190 noes, Roll No. 29);
of H. Rept. 114–2) that provides that no funds may be used to consider new, renewal or previously denied DACA applications (by a recorded vote of 218 ayes to 209 noes, Roll No. 30);
DeSantis amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–2) that requires that DHS treat any alien convicted of any offense involving domestic violence, sexual abuse, child molestation, or child abuse or exploitation as within the categories of aliens subject to DHS’s highest civil immigration enforcement (by a recorded vote of 278 ayes to 149 noes, Roll No. 31);
Salmon amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–2) that expresses a sense of Congress that the Executive Branch should not pursue policies that disadvantage the hiring of U.S. citizens and those lawfully present in the United States by making it economically advantageous to hire workers who came to the country illegally (by a recorded vote of 253 ayes to 171 noes, Roll No. 32); and 
Schock amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–2) that expresses a sense of Congress that the Administration should stop putting the interest of immigrants who worked within the legal framework to come to the U.S. behind those who came here illegally (by a recorded vote of 260 ayes to 167 noes, Roll No. 33).
of the bills (H.R. 37), (H.R. 185), and (H.R. 240), was agreed to yesterday, January 13. 
to make technical corrections to the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, and to reduce regulatory burdens, by a recorded vote of 271 ayes to 154 noes, Roll No. 37. Consideration of the measure began yesterday, January 13.
bill to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 36.
of the bills (H.R. 37), (H.R. 185), and (H.R. 240), was agreed to yesterday, January 13. 
Administration of the Oath of Office— Communication: The Chair read a letter from the Honorable Judge Michael Mills of the Northern District of Mississippi, United States District Court, wherein he notified the House, pursuant to H. Res. 20, of the administration of the oath of Office to the Honorable Alan Nunnelee of Mississippi.
of rule 20, the Chair announced to the House that, in light of the administration of the Oath to the gentleman from Mississippi, the whole number of the House is 434.
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Friday, January 16th and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, January 20th for Morning Hour debate.
appointment of the following Members of the House to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: 
Representatives Miller (FL), Conaway, King (NY), LoBiondo, Westmoreland, Rooney (FL), Heck (NV), Pompeo, RosLehtinen, Turner, Wenstrup, and Stewart.
seven recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H388–89, H389, H389–90, H390–91, H391, H392–93, H393–94, H395, and H395–96. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:47 p.m. 
organizational meeting for the 114th Congress. The committee rules, oversight plan, security procedures, and staff roster were adopted. 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee concluded an organizational meeting for the 114th Congress. The committee rules were adopted, as amended. A resolution naming Republican members of the committee to subcommittees was also adopted. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD32 January 14, 2015 
S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 4 p.m. 
Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E66 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E68 Carter, John R., Tex., E67 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E67 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E72 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E67 Cole, Tom, Okla., E66 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E65 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E69 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E69 
DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E72 DiazBalart, Mario, Fla., E66 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E72 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E65 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E66 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E70 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E69, E72 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E71, E72 Kato, John, N.Y., E67, E68, E73 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E65, E70 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E66 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E70 
Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E68 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E68 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E66 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E69 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E69 
Shuster, Bill, Pa., E69 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E70 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E68 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E66 