rise today to recognize Chase Ewoldt, a brave, strong, and exceptional young man from the Sixth District of Illinois. Chase was recently named one of the five ambassadors nationwide for the St. Baldrick’s foundation. 
In July 2012, at the age of two, Chase was 
diagnosed with a rare, aggressive brain and spinal cancer. Experts believe this specific type of cancer is found in just 100 to 200 new patients every year in the United States and Chase was only given a 20% chance of survival. Over the next 14 months, his family and friends watched him undergo punishing cancer therapy every two to three weeks. Most of his time was spent in and out of hospitals. Nevertheless, Chase beat the odds and survived. In August of 2013 there was no longer any sign of the disease in his body. 
and will most likely struggle with aspects of the disease for the rest of his life, but for now the family is celebrating his health and trying to raise awareness about pediatric cancer, a testament not only to Chase’s strength and resilience, but also the entire family’s compassion and determination to help others. Chase is an inspiration to all with cancer and I am sure he will continue to be a light for those in darkness. As Chase told his mother, ‘‘I am a survivor’’. Let us celebrate the life of this survivor. 
please join me in honoring and celebrating Chase Ewoldt’s nomination as a nationwide ambassador for the St. Baldrick’s foundation. 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the Dodge City Cooperative. The cooperative, now doing business as Pride Ag Resources, is completing 100 years serving Dodge City and the southwest Kansas area. 
a handful of farmers currently serving in Congress, I understand the important role cooperatives play in our agricultural economy. Rural America has long depended on this unique business structure to move our products to the marketplace. 
City in 1915, the hope, vision and needs of farmers for the past 100 years brought into existence fourteen additional elevators, four fertilizer locations, two feed mills, six car care centers, four Ace Hardware stores, plus another store soon. Dodge City Cooperative currently employs 200 employees with an annual payroll of over $9.2 million dollars. The hard work and services offered have filled a critical need in supplying area farmers, ranchers and the people of our communities with grain, feed, supplies and goods. 
to all of the farmerowned cooperatives in the ‘‘Big First’’ district who help strengthen our rural communities and make Kansas one of the top agriculturalproducing states in the entire country. WILLIAM C. PHELON, JR. 
recognize Technical Sergeant William C. Phelon, Jr. and his distinguished contributions to the United States Army Air Force. Mr. Phelon enlisted in the US Army Air Force immediately after graduating from Mineola High School in June of 1943 and entered active service August 16th 1943, the height of American involvement in World War Two. Mr. Phelon served valiantly for three years until March of 1946. Technical Sergeant Phelon flew as part of the illustrious 96th Bombardment Group as the Radio Operator Mechanic and Waist Gunner of a B–17 Flying Fortress. In this capacity he was responsible for all radio equipment aboard the B–17 while in flight. Technical Sergeant Phelon received many medals and awards as a result of his meritorious service to his country, including the prestigious U.S. Army Air Forces Air Medal. 
In his position as airman, Technical Sergeant Phelon participated in Operation Chowhound; a humanitarian mission that helped deliver over 11,000 tons of food to Nazi occupied Holland during the Dutch Famine. This mission was so appreciated by the Dutch people that commemorative ceremonies have been held every five years in Holland to remember the service men that helped feed their starving people. The Third Air Division of the 8th Air Force was responsible for delivering 4,103 tons of food of which the 96th Bombardment Group dropped 366 tons. For his efforts Technical Sergeant Phelon was awarded the Conspicuous Service Cross by Governor Thomas Dewey on behalf of the people of New York. 
Sadly, Mr. Phelon passed away in December, 2014. I rise today in memory of a brave man who was an exemplary member of the Armed Forces and the community at large, and to posthumously thank him for his years of dedication and service. I hope we all remember the courage and dedication shown by Mr. Phelon in all he did. 
Mr. L OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I come to the 
floor today to honor Mr. Constantine (Gus) Sarkos. When it comes to fire safety aboard commercial aircraft, Gus Sarkos is the primary expert and a national treasure. 
As head of the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) Fire Safety Branch, Sarkos and his team have played an essential and critical 
that have decreased the risk of injuries to airline passengers and saved lives. 
FAA’s William J. Hughes Technical Center, ‘‘Gus Sarkos does the science that becomes the fire safety standards adopted by the whole world.’’ 
the effectiveness of fire detection and suppression systems has led to more than a dozen significant changes to U.S. and foreign aircraft during the past three decades to stop fires and curtail the spread of blazes occurring inflight or during crash landings, increasing the chances of passenger survival. 
have been examining and reporting on fire threats posed by lighter and potentially flammable materials now being used in airplanes, and by the combustibility of large quantities of lithium batteries that have been carried in cargo holds. 
As a result of his team’s work, the Department of Transportation (DOT) no longer allows nonrechargeable metal lithium batteries to be shipped in the cargo holds of passenger jets. In addition, a number of U.S. airlines this year unilaterally announced they will no longer accept rechargeable ion lithium batteries because of tests done by Mr. Sarkos and his team showing that a buildup of gases inside bulk containers can lead to explosions and violent fires. The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and the U.S. DOT currently are considering proposals to ban bulk shipments of these rechargeable batteries or to require safer packaging rules for air transport. 
safety section, said the work by Mr. Sarkos’ group on the batteries and many other issues has been ‘‘absolutely invaluable.’’ She added that passengers are ‘‘in a safer situation thanks to the research they have provided.’’ 
During his long tenure, Mr. Sarkos has participated in and overseen the development of such postcrash aircraft fire safety improvements as new fire blocking seat cushions, heat resistant evacuation slides, burnthrough resistant fuselage insulation, and interior panels that release less heat and smoke. 
minimize the likelihood of an aircraft fire in flight or improve survivability during a post crash fire. If a fire occurs inflight, the objective is to reliably detect, extinguish or suppress it until the aircraft can be safely landed. In the case of a postcrash fire,’’ Sarkos said, ‘‘the goal is to have materials that burn and spread fire more slowly, and releases less heat, so passengers have more time to escape.’’ 
Sarkos and his team came into play in 2013 when Asiana Airlines Flight 214 crashed and caught fire while landing in San Francisco. Three people died of injuries unrelated to the fire, while 304 survived the crash. He said the fire was slow in developing in large part because of the fire resistant material in the aircraft, and as a result, people had the time to evacuate. 
when a Continental 737 veered off the runway in Denver, skidded into a ravine, lost its landing gear and left engine, and caught fire. All 110 passengers and five crew members had time to evacuate. In 2005, an Air France A340 
landed in Toronto during a severe thunderstorm, skidded off the runway and erupted into flames. While the fire eventually gutted the aircraft, all 297 passengers and 12 crew members survived. 
caught fire and 728 people survived largely because of the work that Gus and his team have been able to promote throughout the industry,’’ said Filler. ‘‘His efforts have provided added time for passengers to evacuate. In the old days, materials would have burned faster or caused passengers to inhale toxic fumes, and they would have died in the aircraft.’’ 
a source of pride because it has resulted in increased safety. 
‘‘The worst thing I ever had to do was meet 
with relatives of accident victims,’’ said Mr. Sarkos. ‘‘I am glad that in recent years that conditions have improved because of the work we have done and continue to do.’’ 
named a finalist to receive the Service to America Medal a.k.a. ‘‘Sammies’’. Gus’ vision, leadership, and dedication to saving lives is a testament to his invaluable public service. 
RES. 11 CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
take a moment to thank the Democratic staff of the House Budget Committee for their hard work over the past three months on the budget resolution. Since early February when the President sent Congress his budget, our staff has worked many late nights and long weekends to prepare material and provide analysis for our members. Their service to our Committee’s work is indispensable and it’s hard to imagine how the Congress could do its job without their contributions. They toil behind the scenes and without public recognition. For that reason, I want to salute them for their service to the Congress and our nation. 
Sarah Abernathy, Erika Appel, Ellen Balis, Kathleen Capstick, Ken Cummings, Bridgett Frey, Jonathan Goldman, Jocelyn Griffin, Jose Guillen, Tom Kahn, Najy Kamal, Sheila McDowell, Diana Meredith, Kimberly Overbeek, Karen Robb, Scott Russell, Beth Stephenson, Cody Willming, Ted Zegers. 
commemorate the 150th anniversary of the incorporation of Barrington, Illinois. 
a model for other cities and towns to follow, through its continued dedication to building a 
friendly and welcoming community for residents and visitors alike. It is no surprise that the village motto is, ‘‘A great place to live, work and play’’. 
Wilmarth, and its incorporation in 1865, Barrington has become a center of culture and commerce, serving as a home to families, businesses, professionals, churches and organizations that have made this a vibrant and thriving community. What once started as a small railroad community now boasts a population of over 10,000 people. Over the years, Barrington has developed a welldeserved reputation as a village with hometown charm and smalltown heritage. 
we join together to celebrate Barrington’s legacy of growth and prosperity and to look ahead to the opportunities facing this great city and our nation. Today both marks 150 years of working together to build a brighter future, and reminds us that our work continues. 
please join me in recognizing the 150th anniversary of the incorporation of Barrington, Illinois and wishing her residents a very successful year ahead. 
today in recognition of Jewish American Heritage Month. Nearly 360 years have passed since the establishment of the first Jewish community in North America. Since that time, Jewish Americans have contributed to the cultural richness and diversity of our nation in every field of community life, including business, government, medicine, law, the natural and social sciences, the arts and humanities, academia, religion, and the military. 
Americans and more than 100,000 of them live in Texas, nearly half of those, about 45,000, live in the Houston metropolitan area. Although their numbers may be small in a state with a general population over 20 million, the impact of Jewish Americans in Texas and in Houston has been great indeed. 
fight for Texas’ independence from Spain and Mexico. Adolphus Sterne, an East Texas merchant, became a principal source of financial backing for the Texas Revolution and a close friend of Sam Houston. Albert Moses Levy was surgeoninchief in the revolutionary army. The De Cordova family helped develop the city of Waco and Henri Castro settled immigrants in several Texas towns. In 1859 the first synagogue in Texas was established in Houston. 
Business and trade, especially the merchandising of food, clothing, jewelry with style, elegance, and distinction are the arenas in which many JewishTexan families made their most visual marks on the state of Texas. There is hardly a city in the Lone Star State whose history is without landmark stores founded and 
Marcus, Sanger in Dallas; Battelstein and Sakowitz in Houston; and Joske in San Antonio. 
not only in availability of goods, but also in owners’ generous patronage of the fine arts and in contributions to civic life such as the historic Levy Opera House in Hillsboro and the Brin Opera House in Terrell. Other early Jewish Americans who contributed mightily to civic life include Anna Hertzberg, who served as president of the original San Antonio Symphony Orchestra before World War I, and Olga Bernstein Kohlberg of El Paso, who started Texas’ first free public kindergarten in 1892. That tradition continues today with the Dell Children’s Hospital in Austin established by Dell Computers founder and CEO, Michael Dell. 
Mr. Speaker, it was 67 years ago this month 
that President Truman recognized the free, independent, and democratic State of Israel, making the United States the first country to welcome Israel into the family of nations. And for 65 years Israel and the United States have remained the best of friends and the strongest of allies. One reason for the enduring strength of this relationship is the enduring contributions made by Jewish Americans in enriching American life and culture. 
state of Texas which has welcomed Jews for more than three centuries, I join with my colleagues and President Obama in calling upon all Americans to learn more about the heritage and contributions of Jewish Americans and to observe this month with appropriate programs, activities, and ceremonies. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent, Mr. Wallace Higgins. 
Mr. Higgins was awarded the 2014 Congressional Gold Medal in recognition of his service with the Civil Air Patrol during World War II. 
in November 1925. From a young age, he was intrigued by aviation. Mr. Higgins joined the Civil Air Patrol in 1943, during his senior year of high school. Later that year, he enlisted in the Army Air Force and was chosen to join the Tuskegee Airmen. 
Force, Mr. Higgins achieved the rank of Staff Sergeant and earned several commendations for his service, including the WWII Victory Medal, Army Good Conduct Medal, and New York State Medal for Merit. After receiving his honorable discharge, Mr. Higgins settled in Alfred, New York. 
Mr. Higgins has dedicated the past six decades to serving his community: he is entering his 50th year with the Alfred Lions Club, he is a life member of the Alfred Station Volunteer Fire Department, he is a member and former chairman of the Allegany County Office for the Aging Advisory Council, and he is a founding member of the Allegany Senior Foundation, 
Wallace Higgins truly exemplifies the qualities that characterize the Congressional Gold Medal. It is my pleasure to present this award to Mr. Higgins in recognition of his lifelong service to our country and our local community. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the unveiling of the Wall of Honor at the Southbury Senior Center. 
from Southbury who proudly served our country in uniform. These men and women answered the call of duty to protect our nation and defend its ideals. They served during war and during peace, at home and abroad. No matter their deployment or their mission, each of our veterans deserves the recognition and accolades they will receive during today’s ceremony. 
for their service and sacrifice, I believe it is important to take every opportunity to thank and honor them. I hope when the wall is revealed, each veteran will feel the appreciation and gratitude of our community and the entire nation. 
I would like to thank Wayne Rioux and the 
staff and volunteers at Southbury Senior Center for creating this memorial to recognize these local American heroes. 
rise today to honor thirty high school seniors in Florida’s 22nd District who have decided to enlist in the United States Armed Forces. 
their names are Margaro Hernandez, Brandon Iglesias, Dylan Reynolds, and Darren Ross. 
names are Lamech Murzike, Joshua Scott, Connor Bunch, Yeicob Duran, Jose Ribot, Jonnathan Gonzalez, Davie Medina Perez, Kenton Ennis, Jacob Rodriguez, Luis Mendez, MikeRodman Lorissaint, Jose Vega, Gregory Spotts, Sean McCusker, Alyssa Pontier, Delone Griffin. 
names are Trey Rawls, Merisanda Carstea, Spencer Hickey, and Warren Dutes. 
Destiny Huntley, Marco Juarez Jr., Anthony Lewis, Amanda McCarthy, Sergio Santiago, Pedro Jose Silva. 
It is in thanks to the dedication of patriots 
like these that we are able to meet here today, in the United States House of Representatives, and openly debate the best solutions to the diverse issues that confront our country. 
On behalf of myself and all of my constituents in Florida’s 22nd District, thank you for your service and best of luck as you pursue this challenging endeavor. 
today in recognition of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. Throughout the history of the United States, Asian American and Pacific Islanders have contributed to our greatest undertakings and our vibrant cultural diversity. They have become leaders in business, in the community, and in politics, overcoming adversity and prejudice in pursuit of the American Dream. 
Americans and Pacific Islanders and more than 1 million of them live in Texas. A majority of them are concentrated in the cities, particularly Houston. At 80,049, the Vietnamese American community in the City of Houston has the third largest in the country. Houston is also home to sizable populations of Chinese Americans, Indian Americans, and Filipino Americans These communities have transformed the city, bringing their cultures, religions, and businesses and creating a new home. 
were 250 Chinese laborers, who came to Houston to work on the railroad in 1870. It was thankless, dangerous work, but they helped to build the backbone of our state’s economy. Although many of them would leave soon after the work was done, several stayed behind in Houston, and in the early 1900s the first Chinese business districts were opened. 
remained quite low until the 1970s, when a new wave of immigration brought tens of thousands of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to the city. Many of these early immigrants were Vietnamese refugees fleeing the country with the aid of the Indochinese Assistance and Refugee Assistance Act of 1975. Others were Chinese, drawn by the growth of the Chinese Merchants’ Association throughout the decade. 
American and Pacific Islanders living in Houston. As of 2007, they operate 16,000 businesses, and there are multiple temples dedicated to Buddhism, Hinduism, and Sikhism. The city offers official documents in Vietnamese, Chinese, and Urdu. Neighborhoods from Little Saigon to Chinatown to the Mahatma Gandhi District are vibrant community centers for Asian Americans and other residents alike. 
and our country, there are still unacceptable challenges facing Asian American Pacific Islander communities. There is an urgent need to fix our broken immigration system by passing legislation that will support families, strengthen small businesses, protect workers 
and grow our nation’s economy. These communities have also had historically low enrollment in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which would otherwise help them to achieve stability and security. 
thousands of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, I join with my colleagues in recognizing the contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to not just our history, but our economy and our future. I call on all Americans to celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage month by deepening their understanding about these contributions, and pledge to support and serve Asian American and Pacific Islander families. 
recognition of the third annual United Nations Global Road Safety Week and to celebrate the contribution of the Association for Safe International Road Travel (ASIRT) to the global effort to reduce the number of road crashes around the world. 
movement to promote and improve road safety. Tens of thousands of people are injured as a result of traffic collisions each year. More than 500 children are killed every day in road crashes and 186,300 children under 18 die from road traffic crashes annually. The rates of road traffic death are three times higher in developing countries than in developed countries. 
As part of the Decade of Action for Road 
Safety, ASIRT has joined with the United Nations Road Safety Collaboration to announce #SaveKidsLives, a global campaign focused on delivering a Child Declaration on Road Safety to the policymakers who can make a difference. During UN Global Road Safety Week, the #SaveKidsLives Campaign seeks to highlight the plight of children on the world’s roads and generate action to better ensure their safety. The campaign features hundreds of events hosted by governments, international agencies, civil society organizations, and private companies, including the delivery of the ‘‘Child Declaration for Road Safety’’ to policy makers. 
During this Global Road Safety Week, I salute ASIRT and the United Nations for the work they are doing to promote road safety domestically and around the world. 
rise today in recognition of University of Miami President Dr. Donna Shalala, a woman who has made such mark on our community since her first day on June 1, 2001. As a twotime 
University of Miami graduate, I have witnessed my alma mater’s immense development during President Shalala’s tenure; a reflection of her tremendous dedication to our community. During her tenure, UM has solidified its position among top research universities in the country. The University’s two successful Momentum campaigns have raised $3 billion dollars in private support towards its endowment, academic research programs, and worldclass facilities. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, President Shalala received her A.B. degree in history from Western College for Women. One of the country’s first Peace Corps Volunteers, she served in Iran from 1962 to 1964. She earned her Ph.D. degree from The Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University. She has held tenured professorships at Columbia University, the City University of New York (CUNY), and the University of WisconsinMadison. She served as President of Hunter College of the City University of New York from 1980 to 1987 and as Chancellor of the University of WisconsinMadison. Thank you President Shalala for your commitment to UM, for being a mentor, an educator, and a friend to our country’s next generation of leaders. 
of all the Mothers of The Armed Forces who have served, or who have family members who have served. Let us remember their sacrifice and give thanks to them and their families on this Mother’s Day. I submit this poem penned in their honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
For all the Mother’s across our shores. Whose son’s and daughters burdens bore. And for all the families who have been separated by war. 
While, mommy for our nation so fought for. And all those hours of worry and pain. And all of that heartache with them which 
As they rebuild from the scars and loss of 
For all their sons or daughters. Who now lie in such cold dark graves so all 
Remember them this Mother’s Day, and say a prayer for all of them . . . please 
And for of those Mothers who must learn to 
so begin. Without arms and legs, and with scars and burns upon their faces. all in such places. As they help them rebuild, so face this. Lets give thanks and praise for all of them. And for all of those little boys and girls, who have now lost their best friends in the 
world. Their Mother’s who are the heart of the 
Mommy aint coming home. Who now on Mother’s Day sit with tear in 
For the Mother is the heart of the home. They give us life and they give us love. And in our darkest of all hours help us to 
And how they cry, when their most beloved daughters and sons 
A pain that can not be healed by time. Only when in heaven they reunite. As they teach us even more. About faith and courage, and with hope how to overcome the scars of 
upon your way as you pray. And give thanks for what they give, and what they gave. For all the Mother’s this Mother’s Day! 
TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEMBERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEOPLE OF THE 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress we know well, perhaps better than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities, states, and the nation in the areas of business, education, government, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military. 
benefit from their contributions every day. Many of them work for us in our offices as junior staff members, congressional fellows, or interns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. 
calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I ran for public office. I was inspired to serve by President Kennedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: 
can serve. . . . You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ 
great young men and women who served as volunteers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constituents we serve are deeply appreciated and that is why today I rise to pay tribute to six extraordinary young persons for their service to my constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas and to the American people. They are: Kenya Metters, Chelsea Ukoha, Ryan Wallace, Gregory Butchello, Fabian Rubio, and Danielle Konerth. 
brought to my office and those interning in the 
offices of my colleagues help keep our democracy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowledge of the governmental process they gain from their experiences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about 
our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them all well. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such 
can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in America. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 11, 2015. Committee Meetings 
bills, H.R.2243–2246; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 253 were introduced.
Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United 
States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska (H. Rept. 114–103); 
H.R. 1473, to amend the John F. Kennedy Center 
Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (H. Rept. 114–105); 
a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’ (H. Rept. 114–106); 
H.R. 1806, to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–107, Part 1); 
H.R. 1892, to extend the trade adjustment assistance program, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–108, Part 1); and 
H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use 
pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–109, Part 1). 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Thornberry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dominic Langevin, OP, Dominican House of Studies, Washington, DC. 
Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Women’s History Museum—Minority Leader Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Minority Leader’s appointment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Women’s History Museum: Ms. Emily Rafferty of New York and Ms. Pat Mitchell of Georgia.
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure—Communication: Read a letter from Chairman Shuster wherein he transmitted copies of resolutions to authorize 2 prospectuses, including one alteration project and one construction project, included in the General Services Administration’s FY2014 and FY2015 Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. The resolutions were adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on April 30, 2015.
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H2801–02. 
Senate Referrals: S. 125 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary and S. 1124 was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:07 a.m. 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
to examine the commercial, political, and security implications of the U.S.China Civil Nuclear Agreement, 6 p.m., SH–219. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD512 May 8, 2015 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of S. Con. Res. 16, United States Citizens in Iran, and vote on adoption of the concurrent resolution at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E665 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E665 Huelskamp, Tim, Kans., E663 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E664, E665, E666 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E663 LoBiondo, Frank A., N.J., E663 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E665 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E663, E664 
Sessions, Pete, Tex., E666 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E664, E666 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E663 