House action is expected on trade provisions this week. A vote on a package that establishes the rules for how the next major trade agreement will be handled, the trade promotion authority, may be voted on, this Friday. 
the arguments at home and in Washington, D.C., of those who are opposed to trade promotion authority and have already decided against the TransPacific Partnership before the agreement is even finished. 
the environment, but what I hear from some of my friends on the other side of this question at home stands in stark contrast to what I think reality is. The dreaded ‘‘secret negotiations’’ are somehow raised as a negative. 
major serious agreements are negotiated in private like all labor union contracts. It is after they are negotiated that the Members have them and look at whether or not it is worthy of their support. 
corporate advisers whispering in the Trade Representative’s ear and having access to confidential information tilting the playing field. Last week, I met with two of those sinister advisers who happen to be respected environmental leaders. Yes, the advisory panels include environmental leaders and, in fact, union leaders as well. 
came forward in my conversation with environmentalists that the only way to stop, slow, and reverse the rape of the oceans is by an international trade agreement, and this one is actually shaping up to be pretty strong. 
having fishery stocks collapse; yet the countries in the 12 countries that are negotiating this agreement have, on average, a 20 percent subsidy to encourage more fishing, overfishing, paying their fishermen to catch the very last fish. The only way to deal with this is by having a multinational agreement that is enforceable to reduce this destructive policy. 
concern about what is going on with deforestation, the exploitation of endangered species in the forested areas. Since 2000, we have lost an area ten times the size of Great Britain to deforestation just in the Amazon basin 
alone. That is why, in the last round of trade negotiations, I fought hard to have provisions against illegal logging in Peru and for them to raise their standards. 
they are fully enforced, but nobody that I have talked to seriously thinks that we wouldn’t be better off without an agreement. It gives us leverage, and things are improving. 
Well, likewise, we are seeing thugs illegally harvesting endangered species like elephants and rhinos. They are taking illegally harvested exotic timber and disrupting indigenous people. 
No nation can prevent the exploitation by themselves, but many nations, armed with an enforceable agreement that we can use trade sanctions to be able to put teeth in it, can make a difference now and raise the bar for future agreements. 
faced some changes that I find troubling. All major legislation that I have seen in my career in Congress is a mixed bag. They had some good things; they had some bad things; and some things that are hard to figure out. 
That is going to be our job this week 
and beyond, to make that evaluation; but on balance, while we are trying to figure out whether we are better off with or without it, it is important that that decision be made on a factual basis, not hypothetical scare tactics. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, on June 14, The Titusville Herald newspaper will publish its 150th anniversary edition, and I rise today to congratulate them on a century and a half of countless memories and news reporting. 
The Titusville Herald was first established in 1865 and was the first daily newspaper in the world’s original oil region. For 150 years, The Herald has delivered the latest local and national news to the Titusville community and surrounding areas. 
with today’s technological advances, it is no small feat for a small newspaper to withstand the test of time. However, with an incredible and dedicated staff, The Titusville Herald has expanded in size, technology, and outreach and continues to be a vital part of the Titusville community. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and congratulating The Herald’s staff on reaching this important milestone. I know that they will continue to successfully deliver the news of the oil region to its readers for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, on June 17, the Huntingdon Post Office, located in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, will be celebrating its 100year anniversary. 
in Huntingdon County, dates back to 1798 during a time when mail was delivered by post riders and stagecoaches. 
business needs of Huntingdon, then Pennsylvania Governor Martin Brumbaugh dedicated a building on Washington Street to house the post office, the Internal Revenue Service, and military recruiting offices. Since then, the post office on Washington Street has become a permanent fixture within the growing Juniata River community. 
join me in congratulating the Huntingdon County Post Office and all of its employees on 100 years of dedicated community service. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
sciences and the facts don’t lie. Congress has stood here for too long debating the truth about climate change. What is there to debate? 
More than 12,000 peerreviewed scientific studies are in agreement. Climate change is real, and humans are significantly to blame. For those of you keeping track at home, there are zero peerreviewed scientific studies that state the opposite. 
As we continue to harm the environment, we are ultimately hurting ourselves and human health. In the movie ‘‘Birdman,’’ it was written: ‘‘A thing is a thing, not what is said of that thing.’’ 
I feel the need to remind my colleagues that climate change is a real thing, regardless of what is said of that climate change thing; just because you don’t want to believe it doesn’t make climate change any less real. It is rapidly becoming a threatening crisis in public health. As the planet warms, sea levels rise and lead to increased floods. Droughts are more frequent and intense. Heat waves and hurricanes are more severe. 
Climate change makes existing diseases and conditions worse, but it also helps introduce new pests and pathogens into communities. Respiratory allergies and diseases are becoming more prevalent because of increased pollen, molds, air pollution, and dust. Higher concentrations of these particles in the air cause severe breathing problems and lead to heart disease, asthma attacks, inflammation, and lung cancer. 
have lung cancer, and 160,000 people die from lung cancer. That is twice the population size of my own neighborhood, Lakeview. 
Children who are especially vulnerable to these pollutants are harmed by the air they breath. Their lungs shouldn’t be at risk when they go outside to play or walk to school, but asthma is the third leading cause of hospitalization among children under the age of 15. 
Nearly half of this Nation—our Nation—lives in areas with dangerous levels of pollution, 44 percent. My own district is included. Chicago earned itself an F in an air quality study from the American Lung Association. 
Windy City is ranked in the bottom 5 percent for most polluted city in terms of shortterm particle pollution in the Nation, and it is only getting worse. Not only is our air quality dangerous, but our most essential resource, which we all depend on, our water, is at risk due to climate change. 
Water is vital to survival. As temperatures rise, people and animals need more water to maintain their health and thrive. Increases in water temperature, precipitation frequency and severity, and changes in coastal ecosystem health could increase the incidence of water contamination. Currently, more than 840,000 people die each year from waterrelated diseases. That is more than the entire city of San Francisco. 
produce more frequent and severe extreme precipitation events worldwide. Over the past 50 years, the amount of rain falling during the most intense 1 percent of our storms increased by 20 percent. These turbulent changes breed outbreaks of waterborne diseases. In fact, in the United States, from 1948 to 1994, heavy rainfall correlated with more than half of the outbreaks of waterborne disease. 
Water sustains our economy by producing energy at power plants, raising livestock, and growing food crops. Many water supply sources are already overallocated, and people are suffering from degraded water quality. 
the Western U.S. in severe drought, the competition for water resources will only increase, leading to great impacts on human health. 
solve today’s problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.’’ We need to adjust how we think about climate change. We need to understand that severe weather, pollution, and changes in our water are not only harmful to the planet, but harmful to the people who inhabit that planet. 
humanity, and it is time we reexamine how we think about it, talk about it, and respond to this growing problem. The health of humans worldwide is at stake. CONGRATULATING CANON 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C ARTER) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and celebrate my nephew, Canon Hutcheson, and his wife, Courtney, on the birth of their new daughter, their beautiful new daughter, Ella. Ella Brooke Hutcheson was born on June 9 in Warner Robins, Georgia. She weighed in at 8 pounds, 15
I know from experience, the experience of having been blessed with three sons, that parenthood is the most incredible and rewarding experience in the world. I could not be more excited for Canon and for Courtney and their new addition. 
Ella’s grandparents: my sister, Cissie Hutcheson, and her husband, Craig, of Waycross, Georgia. 
Canon was named in honor of my sister, Cissie, and my mother, Zena Cannon Carter, who was born on October 16, 1937, and passed on June 21, 2008. I know that my mother is very proud of her grandson and her namesake. 
To the Hutcheson family, and especially to Ella, I wish you the very best, and I am so very proud to welcome a new member to our family. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD ) for 5 
I rise to introduce the Professional’s Access to Health Workforce Integration Act, better known as the PATH Workforce Integration Act, of 2015. 
Workforce Analysis predicts that, by 2020, the United States will have a shortage of as high as 20,000 physicians. Other projections are that we will have a shortage of up to 250,000 public health workers. In addition, the Department of Labor projects that, by the year 2025, we will need 500,000 more nurses, 46,000 more mental and behavioral health workers, 38,000 more pharmacists, and 15,000 more dentists. 
factors to the projected health care workforce shortage. The U.S. population by 2030 is expected to rise by 18 percent. The population of those over the age of 65 is expected to increase three times its current rate, and the Bureau of Health Professions projects a 5.2 percent increase in the utilization of health services. This is all happening while our current health care workforce is retiring in greater numbers than we are able to graduate new workers. 
Act incorporated numerous provisions for addressing the workforce shortage, our Nation’s current educational infrastructure lacks the capacity to train health care professionals fast enough to fill the projected health workforce shortages. In our country today, we have internationally trained health professionals, residing legally in the United States, who are unable to work in their chosen profession. They currently represent a missed opportunity to address our health care workforce shortages. 
shortage by providing the over 2 million foreigntrained health professionals legally residing in the United States the guidance that they need to work in employment matching their health professional skills, education, and expertise. This includes internationally trained doctors, nurses, dentists, mental health providers, and pharmacists whose linguistic and cultural skills will also help improve the health needs of our diversifying Nation. 
What the PATH Act would do is facilitate counseling and training opportunities to reduce barriers to the health workforce; provide access to accelerated courses in English as a second language; provide assistance in the evaluation of foreign credentials; and help in educating employers about the competency of health professionals trained outside of the U.S. 
is rapidly approaching a crisis due to a lack of qualified health professionals. The PATH Act of 2015 will help prevent this crisis, and I encourage my colleagues to cosponsor this important legislation. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, several weeks ago, I spoke to about 200 people at the famous Willard Hotel in Washington in a program put on by the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. I had been told that this was a group of CEOs and owners of major companies in southern California—obviously, a very upperincome group. 
I got to a point in my speech when I 
said: ‘‘It is long past the time we need to stop trying to run the whole world and start putting our own people in our own country first once again.’’ 
broke into applause. Middle and lower income people have applauded when I have said similar things in my district and around the country. Many upper income people claim to be moderates, and contrary to popular belief, conservatives lose most very wealthy areas 2– 1 or worse. I have spoken to a very wide variety of groups in Washington and around the country and in my district, and I have gotten an overwhelmingly positive response every time I have said it has been a horrible mistake to spend trillions on unnecessary wars in the Middle East. 
reading a publication from the Republican National Committee that read: ‘‘Democrats start wars. Republicans end them.’’ 
when the Republican Party could make a legitimate claim to being the Peace Party. I sent my first paycheck as a bag boy at the A&P—$19 and some cents—as a contribution to the Barry Goldwater campaign. I have worked on Republican campaigns at the national, State, and local levels for over 50 years, and it saddens me to hear almost all of the Republican candidates for President try to outdo each other in their hawkishness. Based on the response I have gotten, I think it is a recipe for defeat if my Republican Party becomes known as the party favoring permanent, forever wars—wars without end. 
people that they are like Ronald Reagan. President Reagan once wrote: ‘‘Our troops should be committed to combat abroad only as a last resort— when no other choice is available.’’ 
Republican or a man eager to go to war. 
greatest military leaders, was another ‘‘peacenik’’ Republican. He knew of the horrors of war, unlike many modern day chickenhawks. He famously warned us at the end of his Presidency about the dangers of being controlled by a very powerful militaryindustrial complex. I think he would be shocked at how far we have gone down the road that he warned us against. 
Thomas wrote: ‘‘Eisenhower would periodically sigh to Andy Goodpaster, his Chief of Staff: ‘God help the Nation when it has a President who doesn’t know as much about the military as I do.’’’ 
November 1956, President Eisenhower, enraged he had not been forewarned of their invasion of Egypt, ordered the British, French, and Israelis to get out of Suez and Sinai. They did as told. How far we have fallen from the America of Ike.’’ 
Senator Robert Taft, who was sometimes referred to as ‘‘Mr. Republican’’ in the 1940s and 1950s, once said: ‘‘No foreign policy can be justified except a policy devoted . . . to the protection of the liberty of the American people, with war only as the last resort and only to preserve that liberty.’’ 
candidates have attacked President Obama for acting in some ways that are unconstitutional, and he has. But where in our Constitution does it give us the authority to run other countries as we have been doing in Iraq and Afghanistan—even making small business loans and training local police forces? 
party of fiscal conservatism. Yet, with a national debt of over $18 trillion, how can we justify continually spending megabillions in religious civil wars between the Shia and Sunni? 
make money off of an interventionist foreign policy always very quickly fall back on the slur of isolationism, but most conservatives believe in trade and tourism and cultural and educational exchanges with other countries and in helping out during humanitarian crises. We just don’t believe in endless war. 
interventionist foreign policy, that this means we don’t believe in American exceptionalism, but this Nation did not become exceptional because we got involved in every little war around the globe. It became exceptional because of our great free enterprise system and because we gave our people more individual freedom than any other country. 
that we are blessed beyond belief to live in this country and that the United States is, without question, the greatest country in the history of the world, but there was much less anti Americanism around the world when we tried to mind our own business and take care of our own people, and this Nation had more friends when we followed the policy of peace through strength, not one of peace through endless war. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker and Members, I rise this morning to sound the alarm, and I want my colleagues to understand that there are just 10 legislative days remaining for Congress to act before the ExportImport Bank shuts down. It is outrageous that we are here today, in this countdown, as the hands of the clock have become a knifeedge pressed against the future of American businesses and the jobs they create. 
record of supporting hundreds of thousands of jobs in every single congressional district across this country, and the fact that anyone would even consider shutting it down is shortsighted, and it is harmful to our economy. Ex Im supports our businesses and our workers, all while not costing taxpayers a dime. In fact, over the past two decades, the Bank has generated a profit of close to $7 billion—a true win win for our taxpayers. Yet, for the ideologues who are committed to chopping away government programs that 
support our Nation’s students and seniors, exporters, and others, the facts don’t really matter. They just see ending the Bank as a conservative litmus test. 
that the extremist, antigovernment wing of the Republican Party has, once again, pushed us to the brink of actively damaging our Nation’s businesses and our competitiveness with this standoff. It doesn’t have to be this way. A majority of the House of Representatives is already on record in its support of a longterm reauthorization of the Bank. It is time for Speaker BOEHNER to intervene by immediately 
putting a measure up to keep its doors open for a vote on the House floor. 
Democrats and Republicans, Chairman HENSARLING has made it clear that this 
manufactured crisis is exactly what he has wanted all along. This is not a fight between Democrats and Republicans. It is a fight between ideology and reason in the Republican Party. While the ideologically driven crusade to eliminate the Bank may be a game here in Washington, it certainly isn’t a game for the hundreds of thousands of our businesses all over this country. 
Boyle, a Republican and a veteran, who recently testified that, thanks to the Bank, he has been able to quadruple his company’s revenue and expand his business from just 8 employees to 60 currently. 
story of thousands of businesses, large and small, across this country that rely on the Bank to compete on the global stage. Nevertheless, in the United States Congress, we are talking about shutting down one of the best resources our businesses have—just to make a political statement. 
Bank nears, I have been encouraged to increasingly hear from some of my Republican colleagues who have come out and said, ‘‘Enough is enough.’’ As a matter of fact, as I sat in committee, I was very pleased to hear Mr. FINCHER , 
the chairman of the committee, Mr. Hensarling. You don’t work for the Speaker, Mr. Boehner. You work for the people who elected you to come to Congress. 
chairman that it is time to stop playing the game, that we have got to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
I want you to know that Mr. HENSARLING and those rightwing conservatives who want to use this as a political point will have you believe, ‘‘Oh, this Bank is only for Big Business,’’ but that is absolutely not true. Not only does the Bank support thousands of small businesses, but the suppliers to the big businesses are small businesses all over this country who rely on the ExportImport Bank for their ability to create jobs and have businesses in their districts. b1045 
All of the Members on the Democratic side of the aisle support the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank, and many of the Members on the opposite side of the aisle support the Bank. So I don’t know why the Members on the opposite side of the aisle can’t rein in their chairman. I don’t know why they are afraid of him. I don’t know why they don’t speak up. 
and get this bill reauthorized and this Bank. I am asking Speaker BOEHNER to 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) for 5 
today I rise to alert my colleagues and to alert the American people that a bill is being marked up in the Committee on the Judiciary this coming Thursday, H.R. 9. This bill is a grave threat to the rights of the American people to own the intellectual property rights that they have created with their own hard work and their own innovative skills. 
called, in fact, the Innovation Act. It is one of the worst misnomers that I have seen in my time in Congress. This should be called the ‘‘AntiInnovation Act.’’ This is yet the latest of a decadeslong attack on the patent rights of the American people that were placed into the Constitution by our Founding Fathers. 
corporations, very powerful economic entities that have influence on government, have been trying to neuter the patent rights of the American people. Why have they been doing this? Why do they want to eliminate or to dramatically reduce the rights of our inventors to control what they have invented? Because these are big guys who don’t want to pay the little guys when they steal from them. 
The fact is that our Founding Fathers knew it was important for someone who has created something, whether it is a writer or an inventor, to have the right to control his or her creation for a certain period of time. The time period has been 17 years, traditionally, since the time of our Constitution. Our Founding Fathers knew this was important to our country’s wellbeing, not just in terms of the rights of the individual, which we agree with as Americans and which were written into our Constitution as part of the Bill of Rights. 
used in the body of the Constitution, and that is in the section dealing with providing our inventors and, yes, our writers with the right to control what they have created for a certain period of time in order to profit from it. Our big corporations and these multinational corporations that have no loyalty to the United States, these people who are continually going overseas to China and elsewhere are trying to neuter this so that they can take any new innovation without having to pay the person who has actually been the inventor and created this. That is totally contrary to what our country has been all about. 
system in the world—the strongest in the world. What has that given the American people? It has uplifted our standard of living of ordinary people. Yes, these folks in the multinational corporations, they live very well. Well, the American people have lived well because we have had the technology, whether it is agricultural technology or transportation technology or any of 
the other type of energy technologies that we have. These have uplifted us and created more wealth for our society. 
yes, freedom have been due to our technological advantages. It is not that our people worked harder. It is not that we had such natural resources. There are countries all over the world where people work hard and have natural resources. It is our freedom and our respect for the individual rights of our citizens that have given us prosperity and security and freedom. 
corporations have targeted our patent system; and, yes, their motive, as I say, is to steal, let the big guys steal from the little guys. That is what this supposed Innovation Act, which, as I say, should be called the ‘‘AntiInnovation Act,’’ is all about. 
of frivolous lawsuits in our country. There is no doubt about that. It is not just in the area of technology. It is throughout our medicine and everywhere else. But there have been a number of people who have taken patent law and claimed rights that they weren’t given by the Patent Office and issued frivolous lawsuits to people to try to get them to pay money to them. They are called patent trolls. 
system is a lame excuse in the sense that we don’t need to destroy the patent rights of the little guy in order to cure this problem. Every provision of the Innovation Act—every provision— limits the rights of legitimate patent holders in order to protect their own creation. 
handle those people, those few people, who are abusing it. I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing that and alerting the American people to this challenge to their freedom and their security and their prosperity. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, today I have a simple ask: let the ExportImport Bank answer the call. 2,655—2,655—that is how many small businesses called the ExportImport 
Bank last year and asked for their assistance in selling Americanmade goods and services around the globe. That is how many businesses the ExportImport Bank said yes to, without any impact on taxpayers—no cost to taxpayers whatsoever—in order to help those 2,655 businesses be competitive in a global market. 
The truth is, in each district—Democratic districts, Republican districts, urban, rural, coastal, interior—each district is rich with businesses large and small. Every Member has small businesses that are the result of hard work, families pulling together to build something of value and worth that can be assisted by the ExportImport Bank—brandnew business as well, not just those that are intergenerational. These are the businesses that create jobs and employ millions of our loved ones and our neighbors and our family. When they want to export their goods and services, who do they call? They call the ExportImport Bank. 
of the 2,655 small businesses that made that call. Alliance is the largest manufacturer of rubberbands in America. It is a womenowned small business located in Hot Springs, Arkansas. They employ a whole 156 employees. Alliance plans to add 15 employees within the next year, but without exports, they will be cutting 10 jobs—our family members, our neighbors. Add 15 or cut 10? It seems like the choice is obvious to me. 
‘‘Thanks to credit insurance available through the ExIm, we have hired a salesman dedicated to growing international sales. Growing our traffic and safety business internationally will mean more jobs in our Fife facility and more business for our local vendors.’’ 
That is in my district, Fife, Washington. The company is Pexco, another one of the 2,655 businesses. There are Pexcos in Republican districts and in Democratic districts all over this country. There are Alliance Rubber companies in Republican Districts and Democratic districts. And if you listen to these business leaders, it makes sense to help them do what they are doing. 
30? Well, unfortunately, not local banks or even the big banks. If you don’t believe me, ask them. They are the ones that usually refer the businesses to the ExportImport Bank. 
days to act before the help on the other end of the line is gone. Companies have 15 business days to make the call and see how they can sell their goods and expand their exports to foreign customers. If you are a small business looking to export, call 1–800–565–EXIM, 1–800–565–3949. That is why the Bank is there. That is why it should remain. 
As a matter of fact, Chairman HENSARLING ’s own witness—I couldn’t 
make this stuff up—who testified against the Bank as a smallbusiness owner last week told her hometown newspaper this later: ‘‘The fact is that there are a lot of small businesses and large businesses that need the Bank right now, and to pull that rug out from under them would be devastating.’’ I couldn’t make this up. 
vote. Give your colleagues the opportunity to vote for our small businesses and the jobs they provide. They are the backbone of this community and this economy and this Nation; 2,655 of them and counting. Let the ExportImport Bank answer the call. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, Americans want to know: Where does their food come from? Parents want to know before they give it to their children: How was this food raised? Where did it come from? Moms want to know, dads want to know, and today they can; but if proposed legislation passes this body this week, we won’t have that information necessary to make those decisions for our family and our family’s health. 
I am talking about the country of origin labeling. In other words, right now, if you buy food and it comes from a foreign country, it must be labeled. If you buy pork, you buy beef, you buy chicken, wouldn’t you want to know where that food came from? 
different countries have different rules and different cultures. If you remember back in 2007, we had some pet food that came from a foreign country that killed a lot of pets. It was enhanced with melamine to up the protein readings in it, and it was unsafe for pets. A lot of pets died as a result. Well, it came from a different country that has different ethics. I think Americans deserve to know who raised their food, which country did it come from. But the legislation that is in front of us this week will repeal that requirement to label beef, poultry, and pork. 
we in such a rush? Because we have been told that the World Trade Organization requires it. 
What is the World Trade Organization, and who are they to tell Congress what laws we have to pass? These judges weren’t appointed by the President. They weren’t confirmed by the Senate. These are not judges from our Constitution. These are extraconstitutional judges, yet they are telling us here in Congress you have got to do 
be appalled at this notion, that we have given up our sovereignty. I don’t accept the premise that we have to make laws here based on what some world court agrees to, but I suppose somebody made a trade agreement in some Congress previous that bound us to decisions of this court. 
that we have to abide by the World Trade Organization, and because they have ruled that we can no longer label pork and beef as from foreign countries to inform our consumers, then you have got to ask the question: Why did we add chicken to this bill? The World Trade Organization is silent on the subject of chicken, yet it is in the bill. 
requirements for chicken. I think it is a bad idea. I think it is probably motivated by some large meat packing companies; but they are represented here in Congress, and the American consumer and small livestock farmers are not. 
I proposed voluntary country of origin labeling last night in the Rules Committee. I had an amendment. It said: Okay. Maybe we shouldn’t mandate. Maybe we shouldn’t force the foreigners to label their meat when it comes into the country; but how about voluntarily letting American producers put that proud stamp and know that it is the seal of approval that most consumers want so they know that beef, that pork, was raised in this country? 
I was shot down in the Rules Committee. It was just a voluntary program. In fact, it was proposed 10 years ago by this Speaker of the House, by the former chair of the Ag Committee, by the current chair of the Ag Committee, and by the current chair of the Rules Committee; yet they wouldn’t allow my amendment for a vote in the Rules Committee. All I sought to do 
was let American farmers proclaim that their beef is raised in the United States. 
here. I am here today to say that we need to assert our sovereignty, the sovereignty of this body. We all took an oath to the Constitution. We didn’t take an oath to the World Trade Organization. We need to assert our sovereignty, and we need to uphold our commitment to the Americans who sent us here. 
the repeal of the country of origin labeling bill later today. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) for 5 minutes. 
Monday, our Commander in Chief admitted that, in the fight against the Islamic State, the U.S. does not have ‘‘a complete strategy.’’ 
It is hard to believe that it has been 
1 year since the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria—ISIS, ISIL, or whatever you want to call them—began making headlines in American newspapers. It is hard to believe that it has been nearly 1
1⁄2years since the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency told members of the Senate Armed Services Committee that it was ‘‘likely ISIL will attempt to take territory in Iraq and Syria.’’ 
But it goes back even farther. In January 2014, the U.S. Ambassador to Iraq said the Islamic State is ‘‘capable of taking and holding ground and causing a lot of trouble.’’ In November 2013, a State Department official testified before a House Foreign Affairs subcommittee and specifically cited the ineffectiveness of Iraq’s military. 
State for Iraq and Iran said: ‘‘ISIL has benefited from a permissive operating environment due to inherent weaknesses of Iraqi security forces.’’ 
occurred after Iraq’s Prime Minister made an appeal to President Obama to help defeat the growing threat to his country. That was 2 years ago; so here we are. 
world tells an international conference in Austria that the United States does not have a complete strategy to defeat an enemy he once called a JV squad. Well, that JV squad is responsible for the horrific murders of American citizens. 
That JV squad has overtaken territory fought so hard for by American troops, territory that nearly 4,500 American servicemen and women died to protect in the most violent battles witnessed by U.S. troops since the Vietnam war. That JV squad waves black flags while driving stolen military equipment through streets where Americans made the ultimate sacrifice. 
From overlooked redlines to bypassed deadlines, the Obama administration will serve as a case study in how not to conduct foreign policy for future world leaders. 
Today, the President wants us to believe that his administration’s negotiations with Iran are in Israel’s best interests. Ironically, Israel’s Prime Minister made a direct appeal to the American people expressing the contrary. 
Netanyahu petitioned Congress from the podium right behind me because he, like so many, has lost faith in the abilities of our Commander in Chief. 
He is right; he is right to be skeptical 
about the State Department’s ‘‘trust above all else’’ policy with Iran, whose leaders have publicly proclaimed their desire for Israel to be wiped off the map. Mr. Netanyahu has rightly questioned America’s once unwavering commitment to his homeland, Israel— our partner, our ally, but, most importantly, our friend. 
do not believe in the United States’ moral obligation to protect Israel, I remind them about the United States’ strategic obligation. Israel benefits from a secure America, just as America benefits in having a secure, stable, and trustworthy ally in a very volatile and dangerous region of the world. 
The Obama administration’s inability to realize this twofold bond between the United States and Israel illustrates their lack of understanding. I suggest to the President and his advisers that, if they really want to salvage any remaining trace of foreign policy competence for their history books, they walk away from this deal. 
I urge our President to pause and reflect on America’s role in the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge him to reassess our courses of action abroad. The President must start by determining what is important for America. Only then will he be capable of developing a strategy, let alone the right one. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, across my congressional district, elementary and secondary school students are packing up their lockers, taking final exams, and saying good bye to their classmates and homeroom desks for the summer. 
deserved summer recess, our teachers have already started thinking ahead to the next academic year, setting up lesson plans and figuring out what their course curriculums will be. 
will be faced with yet another year of stifling onesizefitsall testing requirements and deadlines. Instead of enabling our teachers to do what they love and inspiring our children to learn and succeed, they are forced to waste classroom time by preparing and administering redundant and often lowquality tests. 
weeks since I last spoke on the House floor about the need to provide relief from burdensome testing requirements for our teachers, students, and parents. 
considering H.R. 5, legislation to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, as well as an amendment I was pleased to offer with my Democratic colleague, SUZANNE  
amendment, which was adopted and included as part of H.R. 5, offers a solution to the overtesting problem that is taxing our schools and teachers. 
and parents by giving existing Federal funding to State and local education agencies to develop curriculum plans to make better use of tests for the students, with the ability to reduce testing. It would also allow for quicker delivery of assessment data to educators and parents and a more qualitative analysis of how to shape curriculum for that student from the local school district and parent, not the Federal Government. 
work on this bill and reauthorize the ESEA. We owe it to our colleagues who have worked for months on this bill and underlying policy. We owe it to our teachers who have dedicated their livelihood and careers to the betterment of our children. 
Most of all, we owe it to our children, 
who deserve the best possible education that we can provide, an education that encourages them to think, learn, and succeed and not that simply tells them how to fill in the blanks on a generic test. 
be undecided on advancing this bill and reauthorizing the ESEA, I ask you to consider: Are you happy with the status quo? Are you content to sit on the sidelines while Common Core standards and a myriad of tests are imposed on our students? 
a letter I received from the superintendent of my home school district. Let me preface this by saying it was not written to me as a Member of Congress, but rather as a taxpayer in the West Chester Area School District. 
example of a need and an opportunity for us to help our families back home do our job and govern here in Congress. It reads: 
fault the U.S. public education system, comparing it to other smaller European countries and finding deficits and gaps. The system and the way it is funded are far from perfect. However, we manage to educate generations of children who go on to do incredible things. 
something that is entirely unfair: to spend weeks and weeks filling in bubbles, taking standardized tests, and having their entire educational ambition directed toward passing them. This is not what public education was intended to do, nor should do. 
Area School District, I believe in very high standards for our students. I believe in accountability. I do believe that tests can be a good thing, but not the way we are being forced by the government to give them. 
We officially began the PSSA testing window on April 13, and we will continue to test through May 27, when we finish with the high school Keystone Exams, a new graduation requirement. Beginning with the class of 2017, even a straightA student who doesn’t do well on these tests won’t receive a diploma under State law. 
been around for a long time, and is certainly here to stay, but it has become a massive burden that is stifling creativity and love of teaching and learning. 
standards and accountability, we now spend the first 7 months of the school year preparing to take three standardized tests; then we spend approximately 6 weeks giving tests to students. Unlike private and parochial 
these tests to determine graduation for students and for teacher and administrator evaluations. It is positively stressing us— and our system—to the max. 
the extreme amount of time focused on testing is causing ridiculous amounts of stress in the classroom, faculty room, and at home. The angst is palpable as you walk through our hallways. 
Where is there time for creativity in teaching? Where is there time for exploration and collaboration? Our talented staff do their very best to find ways to incorporate what needs to be tested into their dynamic lesson plans, but it is difficult, given the time constraints and enormous amount of material being covered. 
drive down our test scores. Learning should be challenging, but also enjoyable and exciting. Teaching should be dynamic and creative. We are missing that because of these tests. 
testing, rigor, or accountability, but what we are doing right now isn’t working. 
of examples of how students are worried, anxious, and depressed. The rules for taking these exams are crazy as well. 
Springtime in a school should be full of excitement and learning—not anymore. The last 3 weeks, our schools have looked more like prisons than educational institutions. The rules allow students to take as much time as they need, but once they close the booklet, the session is over, and they can’t return to it. 
Let’s reauthorize the ESEA. Let’s reduce the Federal footprint over public education. It is the right thing to do. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Rabbi Claudio Kogan, Temple Emanuel, McAllen, Texas, offered the following prayer: 
God of compassion, God of justice, and God of peace. 
true, we ask Your blessings upon these great men and women, the Representatives of the people. They have devoted their lives to our welfare. Give them wisdom and courage. Inspire them with the teachings of our prophets, as they answer Isaiah’s call to feed the hungry and clothe the naked, Jeremiah’s request to protect the orphan and the widow, and Ezekiel’s plea to lift up those who cannot stand on their own in this land and all lands. As an immigrant who came to this 
country 16 years ago and became an American citizen just 2 years ago, I join this House in a prayer of profound gratitude and deep appreciation for the blessings we, the people of the United States of America, are privileged to enjoy. I ask You, God, to let the lights of truth and harmony shine from this Chamber as beacons for the betterment of all Americans. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question are postponed. 
from Montana (Mr. Z INKE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ZINKE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H INOJOSA) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Rabbi Claudio Kogan from Temple Emanuel in McAllen, Texas, for his service today as guest chaplain. 
and his wife, Anna, immigrated to the United States where he continued his studies, receiving several master’s degrees. 
Rabbi Kogan has served congregations all over the United States. He has worked to develop a strong interfaith connection with his Christian and Muslim counterparts. He has received numerous awards for his essays on religion and ethics. 
Rabbi Kogan is also a medical doctor. He has been a high school teacher in Cincinnati, Ohio, and has combined his religious and medical training by serving as a hospital chaplain at a variety of institutions. 
his lovely wife, Anna, and his two beautiful children, Milena and Ezekiel. 
YODER ) laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: 
my official resignation as a member of the House Committee on Science, Space & Technology, effective today, June 10, 2015. It has been an honor and a privilege to serve on this committee over the last four years. 
of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Members be, and are hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY : Mr. Abraham. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
today to pay tribute to our female veterans and ActiveDuty military in all branches and areas of service, as well as those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. 
an organization in central New York in my district, devoted to empowering servicemen and women, veterans, and their families, will celebrate Female Veteran and Active Duty Appreciation Day to honor the countless women in our community who have served our country. 
and continue to put their lives on the line for our freedom and for our democracy. America’s servicewomen, veterans, and their families are continually changing the way that our military is defined within our homes, our communities, our Armed Forces, and around the world. 
at its highest percentage in United States history, Clear Path for Veterans is a pioneer in its commitment to empowering and inspiring women from all branches of service. I stand beside this organization in working to enable women veterans to reach their full potential. 
stronger. Their courage and strength have given us freedom, and their sacrifices that they and their families have made should never be forgotten. 
is Dia de Portugal, a time when Portuguese Americans and families of Portuguese descent around the world come together to celebrate their shared heritage and rich cultural traditions. 
Portugal have shared a strong friendship, beginning in May of 1791 when Portugal became the first neutral country to recognize the new American Government and continuing today through the pursuit of our shared national security objectives, including our cooperation in the global war on terror. 
I am particularly honored to celebrate Day of Portugal because my district, Rhode Island’s First Congressional District, has a larger percentage of Portuguese American constituents than any other congressional district in the country. 
Caucus, I am proud to join my Portuguese American constituents in celebrating Dia de Portugal and working to 
strengthen U.S.Portugal relations through my work in Congress today by fighting to maintain operations at Lajes Field in the Azores and working to promote better cooperation in the areas of agriculture, education, tourism, and health. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, 25 years ago today was one of the most meaningful of my life as I served as an election observer for the postCommunist parliamentary elections in the Republic of Bulgaria with the International Republican Institute, nominated by RNC Chairman Lee Atwater. 
It was a dream come true to visit talented and enthusiastic people at polling locations in the Hissar, Plovdiv region and see a restoration of democracy amidst the amazing antiquities of ancient Thracian, Greek, and Roman cultures. I was welcomed by Professor Stefan Stoyanov, who was elected to the National Assembly and later reinstituted the Rotary Club of Sofia. 
cochair the Bulgarian Caucus; work with dynamic Ambassador Elena Poptodorova; and, this year, led a delegation to Sofia to meet with Prime Minister Boyko Borisov, who is courageously promoting reforms for the people of Bulgaria. 
dedicated Bulgarian troops, along with my son, serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, who now train with Americans at the Novo Selo training base. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Granville grew up in south Buffalo. He had a curiosity about the world and a desire to serve others. He was a Fulbright scholar and a Peace Corps volunteer who became a career diplomat for the United States Agency for International Development. 
powered radios to remote villages in South Sudan to ensure that the people could participate in upcoming elections. On New Year’s Day in 2008, John and a colleague were targeted and assassinated by terrorists in Khartoum. He was 33 years old. 
Four men were convicted of the murders, but 6 years ago today, they escaped with the aid of a man later pardoned by Sudanese President alBashir. Two of the killers remain at large, and the Department of Justice has offered a $5 million reward for their arrest. 
calling on the State Department to maintain Sudan on the state sponsors of terrorism list until alBashir’s pardon is repealed and John’s killers are captured. 
about his safety, John would say that he knew his work was dangerous, but he wouldn’t want to be doing anything else. Today, we remember a man of light and peace and pledge to bring to justice those who took him from us far too soon. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Agriculture Committee for their prompt, bipartisan response to the recent WTO ruling against country of origin labeling. 
that our country of origin labeling policy distorts trade across our borders and increases the cost of meat and poultry. In the U.S., we had hoped for a favorable ruling from the WTO, but their rulings and appeals have all been against us. Today, it is time to act to address the problems posed by COOL and prevent the retaliation from our friends in Canada and Mexico. 
have threatened $3.6 billion in trade retaliation. This would be a major blow to pork and beef producers in my district; but it is not just livestock producers that would feel the pain. Threatened retaliation would also impact the corn growers in my district, one of the most productive corn growing districts in the Nation, and candy makers like Hershey and Mars that have plants in my district. 
issue and his prompt response to the WTO’s ruling. I support this bill to repeal COOL and end the years of uncertainty faced by our farmers, ranchers, and so many others and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure to boost the economy and increase transportation safety should not be a partisan issue; yet Republicans in Congress continue to show neglect and indifference towards the Nation’s infrastructure and transportation safety needs. 
The 2month extension of the highway trust fund they offered in their unacceptable THUD appropriation bill is the latest example. The THUD bill shows a dangerous disregard for safety measures on America’s highways at a time when we well know transportation safety should be a priority. 
tractortrailers to travel at high speeds on America’s Interstate Highway System, and it suspends Federal safety guidelines aimed at eliminating trucker fatigue, allowing longhaul truckers to work more than twice the average workweek for Americans. 
trust fund does not solve the problem of deteriorating roads and bridges; it simply puts a BandAid on it. 
road, but it got stuck in a pothole. Now is the time to fix the infrastructure in our counties, and we need to put people back to work in order to do it, but what we really need is a robust, long term commitment. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
On May 18, the World Trade Organization ruled against the U.S. COOL requirements. This ruling gives Canada and Mexico the green light to retaliate against United States products, particularly beef, pork, and chicken products. We are not looking here at a slap in the face, ladies and gentlemen. Unless COOL is repealed, U.S. goods could be hit with retaliatory tariffs that total $3.6 billion. 
really hard. We have over 20 million hogs and almost 4 million cattle. Last year, Iowa exported almost $2 billion of pork, with Canada and Mexico as our top export markets. We need to repeal the country of origin labeling requirements in pork, beef, and chicken, which could hurt American workers. 
have voluntary programs already in place that give consumers information and the right to know where these products came from. We are out of options. Other legislative and regulatory fixes have been ineffective. 
As the U.S. and State economies recover, the choice is clear. We cannot wait and see what trade retaliation from our closest trading partners would look like. It is time to repeal COOL now. THE TIM COLE EXONERATION 
today to applaud the Texas State Legislature in passing House Bill 48, establishing the Tim Cole Exoneration Review Commission. Tim Cole was wrongfully convicted of rape and was the first Texas man to be posthumously cleared by DNA testing. 
hear these stories, they think: What did he do to get on the police department’s radar? Had he done something previously in his life that would have made the police department suspect him? I can tell you that, in Tim Cole’s case, Tim was an Army veteran from Fort Worth; he was a Texas Tech student; and he honorably served in the military. Sadly, it was just a very bad time to be a Black man living in Lubbock, Texas. Tim was sentenced to 25 years in prison, and he died behind bars without being able to prove his innocence. 
I am happy to let you know that this 
11member panel will examine wrongful convictions to determine what went wrong and then will make recommendations aimed at avoiding in the future the mistakes that were made in Tim Cole’s case. On June 1, Governor Abbott signed a bill into law affirming that all Americans are entitled to due process. Tim Cole’s family can take some small solace in the knowledge that his death has resulted in changes that can provide hope to those who are also wrongfully convicted. 
Cory Session, who has worked tirelessly for years to clear his brother’s name. I also applaud his late mother, Ruby Session, who didn’t get to see this bill signed into law, but she did get to see some changes made in Texas. I am just happy for this family. I am sad that this happened to Tim Cole, but I am glad that something positive has taken place. 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
in solidarity with the millions of men and women from the Armed Forces who are living with or who have died from the effects of posttraumatic stress disorder. June is PTSD Awareness Month. 
15,000 veterans, or 15 percent of the population of all veterans, suffer from PTSD. PTSD, no doubt, is a serious condition that touches every aspect of a person’s life. Every day, 22 veterans commit suicide nationwide. Many of them struggle to live with PTSD. Many of our veterans who live with PTSD struggle to transition to civilian life because they have not been given essential resources in the care they need at VA hospitals and clinics or from their local communities. 
I urge the Veterans Health Administration and local communities to work together to do everything we can to combat this epidemic. 
named William Booth. He took to the streets of London’s slums to champion the poor and neglected, and he decided that we have got to do something. That ‘‘something’’ was transformed into innovative approaches to eliminate poverty by demonstrating faith and by offering practical support to those in need. 
and across the Nation, the Salvation Army provides assistance to families in need by providing clothes and furniture, food, job training, and much more. We have all seen the volunteers with red kettles who ring the bells and ask for donations. Nationally, they have raised $135 million and continue to make tremendous contributions locally in Ohio, nationally, and globally. 
I thank the Salvation Army’s members, staff, board, and volunteers in my district, and I honor their work and service throughout this yearlong celebration of their 150th anniversary. 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
House debates giving guidelines to the President on opening up American trade, I rise to urge the President to secure a verifiable nuclear agreement with Iran. 
program will be the most important foreign policy decision in a generation. This problem grows more urgent by the day. On June 1, The New York Times reported that Iran’s nuclear stockpile had grown by 20 percent over the previous year and a half. Secretary of Energy Moniz revealed that Iran was 2 to 3 months away from a nuclear weapon in April, which was 2 months ago. A nuclear agreement without verifiability is not an agreement at all but an act of faith in the worst state sponsor of terrorism in the world. 
be contained and that the United States will do what it must to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. 
vanished red line for the President, who has also said, ‘‘As President, I don’t bluff.’’ 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my anger at what I saw on the video that was taken of the event down in McKinney, Texas, on Friday, in which a big and burly police officer, wearing white socks, manhandled a young, 15yearold Black girl in a bathing suit and manhandled other young Black people who were there simply to attend a pool party. 
control police misconduct must be stopped in this country. We must do something about it. I was so angry that I could not be there to do something about it, but I am here to do something about it. I pledge to the people to do everything I can to make sure that we eliminate those kinds of officers from police forces throughout the country. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
economic turmoil that has gripped this Nation is the result of the Federal Government’s spending beyond its means. However, Democrats continue to insist on ignoring the consequences of our crushing debt burden. Last week, Democrats in the Senate announced they would block any appropriations bill, including legislation providing funds for the defense of this Nation, until Republicans meet their demands for increased government spending. 
At a time of grave threats to our Nation, we must be vigilant, determined, and united in the full support of our military personnel. Providing for the common defense of the United States of America is the Federal Government’s primary duty. Holding hostage the funding for our troops, their families, and the Nation’s veterans in order to extract more taxpayer dollars for Washington bureaucracy is the worst kind of political gamesmanship. It is time to make protecting this Nation a priority. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
as we celebrate the 52nd anniversary of the passage of the Equal Pay Act, I rise 
today to reflect on our commitment to equality and the work ahead to turn this commitment into a reality. 
women deserved equal pay for equal work; yet, more than half a century later, we still have much work ahead to end pay discrimination against women. Today, women make just 77 cents for every dollar men earn, amounting to an $11,000 gap per year between fulltime men and women. That is almost $1,000 each month to help with groceries, rent, and student loans. 
The workforce disparities have disastrous effects on our Nation. According to the Census Bureau, 1 in 3 women lives 200 percent below the Federal poverty line compared to 1 in 4 men, and of the more than 100 million Americans who live paycheck to paycheck, almost 70 percent of them are women and their children. Meanwhile, of the S&P 500 companies, women make up just 14.2 percent of their leadership positions, and only 24 companies have female CEOs. 
American Dream. I urge my colleagues to work with me to address these issues. Together, let’s eliminate gender disparities in our workforce. 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize the centennial anniversary of one of our Nation’s most beautiful communities—the city of Clearwater, Florida. 
and waters, the city was established by colonists in the 1830s and was originally named Clearwater Harbor until 1895. It was then renamed Clearwater and was later established as a municipality on May 27, 1915. 
for its clear gulf waters, awardwinning beaches, a rich history of Major League Baseball spring training, and it is even home to our very own movie star—Winter, the dolphin. Not only is Clearwater a great place to call home, but it is also a great place to visit year round. In fact, Clearwater currently holds the Guinness World Record for the most consecutive days of sunshine in a single year, which is why, today, Clearwater continues to warmly welcome hundreds of thousands of visitors each year. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent the people of Clearwater and our greater Pinellas County community. I urge this body to join me in recognizing this most significant milestone. Happy anniversary to Clearwater, Florida. REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT 
Democrats continue to try to move this country forward, but the Republican majority continues to try to turn back the clock. The effort to eradicate the ExportImport Bank is just another example of a reckless act of legislative malpractice. 
the government for 16 days, costing the American people $24 billion in lost economic productivity. Then House Republicans attempted to shut down the Department of Homeland Security, risking the safety of the American people. Now House Republicans want to shut down the ExportImport Bank, risking tens of thousands of jobs for hardworking Americans. 
them up, and the best way we can do it right now is to reauthorize the Export Import Bank. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
would like to recognize someone who is a very familiar voice to readers of The OmakOkanogan County Chronicle newspaper, which is located in Okanogan County, in my district, in the State of Washington. 
most senior journalists in the Pacific Northwest. For 61 years, she has shared her love of the outdoors, her photography, and her passion for all things concerning the Okanogan community. Since 1954, Elizabeth has written a column for the Chronicle, titled, ‘‘Exploring the Okanogan.’’ So far, she has written almost 2,900 columns on an array of topics, and she continues to add to that number regularly. Through sharing her stories, her downtoearth words of wisdom, and her curiosity of the world around her, Elizabeth has shown a profound connection with the Okanogan Valley and has inspired generations of readers and those who know her. 
contribution and dedication of this remarkable lady, an explorer of things great and small. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today six young girls who escaped Boko Haram will join us at a press conference after votes on Wear Red Wednesday. 
launched a terrifying slew of attacks that have killed more than 109 people in the last 2 weeks. As its ties to the jihadi group, the Islamic State, strengthen, Boko Haram becomes an even greater global and domestic threat. Boko Haram and ISIS have now joined together. 
young people are not enticed by this terrorist group. I can see African American children this summer become infatuated and move in that direction. These extremists exploit this, filling young people’s heads with terrible lies and destructive ideas. 
undefeated is one more day that our young people are at risk. We are in danger. Tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. Tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. We must destroy Boko Haram and ISIS. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
colleagues to think about where the hotbeds of innovation are in this country. They are at universities, where students and professors come up with new ideas. They are at our startups, where inventors and entrepreneurs pursue their dreams late into the night, toiling away, backed by venture capitalists who fund their dreams and their ideas. 
entrepreneurs, inventors, and universities be against a bill called the Innovation Act? I will tell you why. Because the Innovation Act stifles innovation. 
Mr. Speaker, would you take a lawnmower to your flower garden if you saw a weed in it? I sure wouldn’t, but that is what the Innovation Act does. It will destroy and degrade our patent system in this country. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize LG Electronics for winning the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries’ Design for Recycling Award. 
Recycling is one of the most consequential activities each and every one of us can do on a daily basis to protect the environment and conserve natural resources. Contestants in the ISRI’s Design for Recycling are some of our country’s largest and best manufacturers, all working to preserve our 
Mr. Speaker, the vast majority of recycled material comes from items such as automobiles, refrigerators, old tires, and electronics such as televisions and computers. This year, LG Electronics won for their 4K Ultra HD OLED and LED TVs. These TVs include innovative new technologies that were designed with recycling in mind. 
ISRI in recognizing LG Electronics for their commitment to the environment and recycling. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to celebrate the life, service, and valor of Captain John J. Dearborn, a 
of Deerfield, was New Hampshire’s oldest living U.S. marine, having served in World War II as a Corsair fighter. During his service, Dearborn witnessed history in the making, having seen the final Japanese surrender aboard the USS Missouri on September 2, 1945, 
member of the veterans community and just this April traveled from Manchester, New Hampshire, to Washington, D.C., to participate in an Honor Flight with other veterans from around the Nation. His service, legacy, and courage live on. 
sacrifice that Captain Dearborn made for our freedoms and our liberty. It is because of our Nation’s heroes like Dearborn that our Nation remains the land of the free and the home of the brave. For that, we are forever grateful. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Marissa Bartels on winning an astounding four gold medals at the recent Minnesota State track and field meet. 
but refuses to let that slow her down. In middle school, when no longer able to participate in the sports she knew and loved, Marissa discovered wheelchair sports. This was her third year participating at State, and Marissa dominated, winning the 100 and 800 meter races as well as shot put and discus. 
Marissa’s athletic abilities extend beyond track and field. She is also a national champion in baseball and basketball. It is no surprise that this impressive competitor will be heading to the University of WisconsinWhitewater in the fall as a student athlete. 
Marissa. You are an inspiration to each of us to never give up, no matter what obstacle or adversity we may face. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today relating to the new CFPB rule combining the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and Truth in Lending Act disclosure that is scheduled to take effect on August 1. 
country, the real estate industry has requested a grace period or hold harmless period for 90 days. To date, the CFPB will only commit to saying they will have relaxed enforcement for a period similar to that of the qualified mortgage/ability to repay rule. 
will provide more clarity or more confusion to the real estate purchaser, leaving aside whether it will provide more protection to buyers or be more problematic for them to close on a real estate transaction, I want to focus on the August 1 deadline. 
I spent 10 years in the real estate industry working with real estate agents, banks, mortgage professionals, title insurance agents, and it is well known that June, July, and August tend to be the most active months for real estate transactions. Changing disclosure requirements in the middle of the busiest part of the calendar year for real estate deals causes difficulty for those involved in conducting settlements. And changing them without the ability for professionals to test their systems and procedures doesn’t make much sense, either. 
you are compelling their retained professionals to receive the training during the busiest months, implement new procedures, and account for unanticipated disruptions. Any hiccup along the way is actually to the detriment of the consumer. 
Let’s make the rule effective in January or February of 2016, which are historically the slowest months of the year, and when it is most fair to real estate consumers. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mae Krier of Levittown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, was a young woman 
As men answered their Nation’s call, millions of women left their homes for factory jobs, working as riveters, buckers, welders, and electricians. 
nineties, still beams with pride when she recalls her days as a riveter on Boeing’s B–17 warplane assembly line. American women like Mae gained notoriety as Rosie the Riveters, and they remain a symbol of strength and confidence for our Nation. 
heroes who served our country during World War II, let us also gratefully acknowledge the women who served patriotically on the home front with continued recognition of a national Rosie the Riveter Day. 
To all the Rosie the Riveters, on behalf of Pennsylvania’s Eighth District, thank you for your contributions to our country and your role in the legacy of the Greatest Generation. 
OF H.R. 2685, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2393, COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 303 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate; and 
may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record designated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amendments so printed shall be considered as read. 
the bill back to the House with a recommendation that the bill do pass, the previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, the Committee on Rules met and reported a rule, H. Res. 303, providing for consideration of two important pieces of legislation: H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015, and H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016. 
H.R. 2393 under a closed rule and H.R. 2685 under the customary modified open rule process, which allows any Member to offer an amendment to the bill so long as the amendment complies with the rules of the House. The only restriction is on the amount of time that will be allotted for debating each amendment. 
H.R. 2393 is an urgent and critical response to the World Trade Organization’s ruling on May 18 of this year, which found country of origin labeling, or COOL, for muscle meat cuts to be in violation of the U.S. trade obligations with Canada and Mexico. H.R. 2393 will simply repeal the COOL meat cut provisions, making the U.S. compliant and 
more time, but in truth, we don’t. This final ruling is the fourth time the WTO has ruled against the U.S. for various versions of COOL, and on this final appeal, the WTO has given both Canada and Mexico the authority to impose more than $3 billion in combined retaliatory tariffs against U.S. products within 60 days of the ruling. 
down to just 37 days to respond before these tariffs are imposed. This could deal an enormous blow to U.S. companies and the workers they employ, just when our economy is beginning to rebound. 
around that this will prevent all labeling or that a ‘‘Made in North America’’ label will satisfy our trade obligations. A North American label will not necessarily satisfy our obligations and can in no way, no matter how fast we try, be negotiated in the remaining 37 days to prevent retaliation. 
Also, it is important to note that repealing mandatory COOL doesn’t prevent voluntarily labeling, as some companies already do. 
critics claim that this will weaken inspections for meat imports. Nothing can be further from the truth. 
The United States Department of Agriculture has and will continue to provide the most rigorous, sciencebased import inspections, inspections of foreign plants which export to the United States. Whether or not the product has a mandatory country of origin label on it will not affect these rigorous inspections. 
This legislation is desperately needed. Our manufacturers, pork producers, grape growers, confectionary exporters, and ranchers have repeatedly asked Congress to ensure that we repeal the COOL provisions and bring the U.S. back into compliance with our WTO obligations fully and quickly. 
to ensure our economy is protected and that the U.S. plays by the rules we agreed to with two of our biggest trading partners, which are by far our largest export markets. 
This rule also provides for the consideration of H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, which funds our Nation’s national defense and provides the resources necessary to continue our essential military efforts abroad, as well as the funding for health and quality of life programs for the brave men and women of our Armed Forces. 
Overall, the bill provides $578.6 billion in discretionary funding, $800 million more than the President’s request and $24.4 billion above the fiscal year 2015 funding level. Within this amount, $88.4 billion is appropriated for our war efforts in the global war on terrorism. 
that funds our critical national security programs and addresses the vital needs of our men and women in the armed services. An effective military, one that is well equipped and well trained, is indispensable to the common defense of our country and is in the best interest of all Americans. This bill includes vital funding for the U.S. military and intelligence community as they remain engaged in responding to instability abroad. 
This bill contains $133 billion to provide for 1.3 million ActiveDuty troops and 820,000 National Guard and Reserve troops; $219 billion is included for operations and maintenance, which provides for the funding of readiness programs that prepare our troops for combat and peacetime missions. 
The Constitution charges the Congress to provide for our national defense, and this bill ensures we will fulfill that obligation. Our highest national priority should always be the protection of our country, and the funding levels in this bill will ensure our military remains the most capable, prepared, and exceptional armed force anywhere in the world. 
Mr. Speaker, we must provide the resources necessary to fight America’s enemies abroad. With the rise of ISIS, the continued presence of al Qaeda, the growth of terrorist groups in North Africa, instability throughout the Middle East, and Russian aggression in Ukraine, our military must be prepared for not only current threats, but for future ones as well. 
to fight alongside us, which is why H.R. 2685 includes critical support for our allies who are also facing this unprecedented instability due to the aggression of nationstates and terrorist organizations alike. 
choices without undermining the safety, security, and success of our servicemembers and their families. It uses every tax dollar responsible to give our Armed Forces the resources they need to stay prepared, safe, and in peak fighting form. 
our armed services—who, day in and day out, risk their lives in the service of our country—is one of the most important functions that we perform as Members of Congress, and this responsibility should not be taken lightly. 
the important funding it provides for our Nation’s military, security, and our courageous men and women in uniform. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straightforward rule, allowing for consideration of two very critical pieces of legislation that will protect our economy, provide necessary funding for our servicemembers and the defense of our country, and I support its adoption. 
rule, as well as the underlying bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
in opposition to this grab bag rule and both underlying pieces of legislation. 
time in this Congress that House Republicans have brought to the floor a grab bag rule, a single rule that governs floor debate for two or more unrelated pieces of legislation. 
of the House in 2011, the use of grab bag rules has dramatically increased by over 400 percent. Using one rule to govern multiple, oftentimes unrelated bills stifles debate, which I guess is the point of them merging all these bills under one rule on the House floor, and leads to disjointed and confusing discussion between two sides. 
Democratic colleagues on the House Rules Committee have raised these concerns with Chairman SESSIONS , but 
unfortunately, we are back on the floor today to consider one rule for two completely unrelated measures. 
Today’s rule provides for consideration of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act, also known as COOL, under a completely closed process. No amendments are allowed, none. 
to address sooner rather than later, but H.R. 2393 is not the answer. It was introduced just 2 days after the World Trade Organization ruled against the United States’ country of origin labeling requirements for meat. 
the WTO ruling that completely does away with labeling requirement for beef, pork, and chicken, which wasn’t even addressed in the WTO ruling. 
that there are several steps that need to occur before retaliation would take place. The arbitration panel takes at least 60 days, but in the U.S.Brazil cotton case, it took 15 months to produce a ruling. The sky is not falling; we have some time to come up with a workable solution. 
working toward a more thoughtful approach that balances consumers’ right to know where their meat comes from with our trade obligations. 
More than 60 countries have successfully implemented COOLlike labeling requirements that comply with WTO standards, and we ought to look toward these programs for a workable solution. 
Such an important issue that impacts the safety of food we eat and the health of American families deserves the most robust debate possible, but this closed rule from House Republicans prevents us from having that kind of debate. As I said, not a single 
Member, Democratic or Republican, is allowed to offer an amendment to this bill. It is completely closed. 
consideration of H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act. 
Mr. Speaker, with respect to the fiscal year 2016 Defense Appropriations Act, there is much to praise about the bill. It contains many important provisions and strong funding for suicide prevention and training, improved response to sexual assault and prevention, and medical research. 
two major—I emphasize the word ‘‘major’’—flaws, which to my mind makes it difficult, if not impossible, to support. 
First and foremost, this bill continues to use the overseas contingency operations account, or OCO, as a slush fund to get around parts of the Budget Control Act that Republicans don’t like—namely, the caps on defense spending—while ignoring the damage the caps are doing to all our nondefense programs. 
This bill, like the Defense Authorization bill before it, completely bypasses the caps set down by the BCA by increasing OCO funding by $38 billion above the President’s request. The bill shifts $38 billion from the defense base budget and shoves those moneys into the offbudget OCO meant to cover the costs of our various wars. 
question of how to get rid of the sequester and the budget caps and bring our spending back into regular order, the Republicans have decided to wallow in a slush fund. Quite simply, Mr. Speaker, it is a disgrace. 
about time that we found a way to provide for our national security needs without relying on war contingency slush funds to pay for the everyday expenses of the Department of Defense? 
have recognized that the sequester does not work. Shouldn’t we be honest about that? Shouldn’t we negotiate a workable plan, rather than play these games of smoke and mirrors that actually undermine the Pentagon’s ability to budget and plan for the long term? 
Second, Mr. Speaker, this bill continues to appropriate billions of dollars to carry out the war against the Islamic State in Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere; but Congress has not even debated, let alone authorized that war. 
The leadership of this House continues to fail in carrying out its responsibilities under the Constitution and bring an AUMF before this body to authorize the military operations that have been ongoing since last August. 
that the U.S. presence in Iraq will increase even further, with the administration planning to establish a new military base in Anbar province and send hundreds of additional American military trainers. 
forces to retake the city of Ramadi from the Islamic State, but it is clear our involvement is getting bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger—but still, no word from this leadership that it has the political will or intention to bring an AUMF to the House floor this month, next month, or the month after. 
more in this conflict—we are told that we spend about $3.5 million an hour on this latest war against the Islamic State—there has never been a greater urgency for this Congress to debate and to vote on this war. 
have been sent to the Speaker asking him to bring an AUMF to the House floor. Time and again, individual Members have sought to bring amendments up for debate that would authorize military operations in Iraq and Syria, only to have the Republican majority on the House Rules Committee reject them, depriving them of consideration and depriving them of debate. 
Just last night, I offered an amendment that simply states that no funds in this act may be obligated or spent on military operations in Iraq and Syria in the absence of an AUMF for such operations. It was also rejected by the Republicans of the House Rules Committee. 
it because 10 minutes, which is the amount of time limiting debate on all amendments to the defense bill, is simply not enough time to debate a serious question. Well, I agree. Ten minutes is not enough time, but the Rules Committee has the power to increase that limit to as much time as it feels appropriate, and it failed to do so. 
hours of debate or 2 days of debate or 2 weeks of debate; that is the power of the Rules Committee. Don’t hide behind this excuse as a reason for Congress not to live up to its constitutional responsibilities. 
Mr. Speaker, it seems that we can always find the time and find a way to spend billions of billions of dollars to fund wars; we can always find a way to send our brave men and women overseas to fight and die in these wars, but we can’t ever seem to find the backbone or the time to debate and authorize them. 
of this House get to go home to their families and their communities, surrounded by loved ones and people who support them. If we don’t have the stomach to take responsibility for sending our troops into danger, then the least we can do is bring them home to their families so that they might enjoy the same peace and privileges 
treasure on these wars, if my colleagues believe that the war in Iraq and Syria is a priority for our Nation and our national security, then we should carry out our constitutional mandate and debate and vote on an AUMF. 
House Appropriations Committee, in a bipartisan vote, supported an amendment by the honorable gentlewoman from California, Congresswoman BARBARA LEE, that says: ‘‘Congress has a 
constitutional duty to debate and determine whether or not to authorize the use of military force against ISIL.’’ 
That provision is in the Defense Appropriations bill. But the fact of the matter is, Mr. Speaker, that we shouldn’t just be saying that Congress has a constitutional duty; we should actually be carrying out our constitutional duty. 
So I hope that every single one of my 
colleagues will remember that when they cast their votes for final passage of this bill, you are providing money and equipment and lives to carry out a war that this House doesn’t even have the courage to debate and vote on. 
stop whining and stop trying to shift the responsibility on to anyone and everyone except to whom the responsibility really falls. It falls upon each of us to say to this leadership that the time has come to bring an AUMF before this body, and for the leadership to let us debate it and vote on it. 
cowards and started behaving like Members of Congress our constituents elected to make the tough decisions. So I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this rule and the underlying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, just 
let me say before I turn to some of my colleagues who have joined me on the floor that I agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts. These are important issues, especially when we are talking about appropriations for the Defense Department. We do need an AUMF, and I remain committed to work with the gentleman from Massachusetts to accomplish that; that we should have that open debate and that discussion through the committee system. 
do that. We need to do that, and I agree with the gentleman. 
me several people who would like to speak on this issue. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ), a member of the Agriculture Committee. 
thank the gentleman from Washington for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this 
rule and the underlying legislation to repeal country of origin labeling for meat products, and I believe this effort is long past due. 
Committee for bringing this rule to the floor, and I appreciate Agriculture Committee Chairman CONAWAY ’Sexpeditious response to the WTO’s final ruling that sets the table for a huge hit to America’s struggling economy. 
Not only has COOL been a costly burden on our Nation’s meat industry for more than a decade, but now massive retaliatory tariffs from Canada and Mexico will inflict pain on a vast amount of U.S. industries and jobs. 
At a time when American GDP is actually shrinking, and U.S. farmers and manufacturers are desperately seeking export markets, the worst thing we can do is allow this policy to damage our ability to get Americanmade to market. 
government mandate imposing heavy costs on private sector industry for no defensible purpose. While the primary goal of COOL is to give American grown meat a competitive advantage, the result has been exactly the opposite. 
agrees that COOL has actually negatively impacted the industry that it was supposed to benefit. As a direct result of this policy, we have not only seen sharp increases in the cost of marketing and selling beef and pork, but looming trade retaliation is already costing American industries that contract for future delivery of goods into these export markets. 
to go forward, our Nation’s businesses will experience billions of dollars of market loss, which will kill jobs, harm our U.S. competitiveness, and have a longterm negative impact on America’s economic health. 
to end the harmful impact of this policy. I urge all of my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation to repeal COOL once and for all. 
the Rules Committee, I am glad he supports my position that we ought to have a debate on an AUMF when it comes to these wars against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 
WALTER JONES , a Republican, Congresswoman B ARBARA LEE, a Democrat, and 
myself actually brought a resolution to the floor saying that if we are going to be engaged in combat operations in Iraq, that we ought to have a vote on an AUMF, and that passed overwhelmingly. 
We have been at war now for over 10 
months. I mean, bombing every day. We have thousands of troops over 
several hundred more over there. What are we waiting for? 
that we ought to wait till the 114th Congress. I don’t know why, given the fact that the war began under the 113th Congress. But anyway, January came, and we are in the 114th Congress. 
wait for the President to submit a strategy or an AUMF. He did. 
Now, I know you don’t like it. I don’t 
like it. Some people want it broader and bigger. Some of us want it more restrictive. But nonetheless, he did what he is supposed to do. What we are supposed to do is deliberate. 
we are all told we will get to it. We will get to it. We will get to it. 
going to establish a new military base in Iraq, and close to 500 more American troops are going to go over there. What are we waiting for? 
AUMFs before we put people into harm’s way, before we start getting engaged in hostilities. 
So I have to tell you, I am frustrated 
not only by the inaction of the leadership of this House, the excuses of the leadership of this House. I am frustrated by my friends who say, I am with you, but we will just get to it at some other point. I mean, how many months, how many years have to go by before we do our job? 
The gentleman talked about our constitutional duty to protect the people of the United States. We also have a constitutional duty when it comes to war, and we are not living up to that at all. We are failing miserably, and it really is a disgrace, and it is a disservice to the men and women whom we put into harm’s way. 
legislation, let me remind my colleagues that consumers, the American people, the people we are supposed to represent, are increasingly seeking more information and want more information about food source and production methods and want to make purchases from a trusted source. 
A 2013 Consumer Federation of America study found that 90 percent of Americans strongly support mandatory COOL for fresh meat and strongly favor requiring meat to be labeled with specific information about where the animals were born, raised, and processed. 
that 93 percent of consumers would prefer to have the country of origin label on the meat that they buy. That is what the American people want. 
And yet, rather than trying to respond to that, the first inclination in the aftermath of this WTO ruling is to basically cave, saying, We don’t really care what the American people want. We are just going to cave. 
I think that is the wrong way to proceed, and I would urge my colleagues to vote against this COOL legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), the chairman of the 
the gentleman from Washington State for giving me the opportunity to testify today regarding the rule governing debate on H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
for short, was first enacted for meat products as part of the 2002 farm bill. Implementation of the law was delayed until 2008. 
implementing rule was published, Canada and Mexico challenged the rule at the WTO, arguing that it had a trade distorting impact by reducing the value and number of cattle and hogs shipped to the United States. 
through the dispute settlement panel phase and a U.S. appeal to the WTO’s Appellate Body. In both instances, the WTO found that the way the regulations were implemented violated WTO obligations by discriminating against imported livestock. 
May 13, 2013, to bring its COOL regulations into compliance. In response, USDA issued a revised COOL rule in May of 2013 which required that production steps—born, raised, and slaughtered by origin country—be included on meat labels. The revised rule also prohibited the commingling of meat from imported and domestic livestock. 
the WTO established a compliance panel to determine if the revised rule brought the United States into compliance with the previous ruling. Canada and Mexico claimed that not only did the revised rule fail to bring the United States into compliance, but certain parts, especially the prohibition on commingling, were even more onerous than the original rule. 
A key criterion for current COOL implementation is that it requires ‘‘segregation’’ of animals by country of origin, which significantly raises the cost of utilizing imported livestock. The compliance panel report, released October 20, 2014, upheld the earlier findings of discrimination. 
The United States appealed the compliance panel report and on May 18, 2015, the WTO rejected, again, the United States appeal, and found for the fourth and, believe it or not, final time that the U.S. COOL requirements for beef and pork were unavoidably discriminatory. 
process to determine the level of retaliatory tariffs that Canada and Mexico can now impose on the United States, which has been widely predicted to have effects in the billions of dollars. 
During a hearing in the House Agriculture Committee’s Livestock and Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee to examine the implications of potential 
retaliation against the U.S., witnesses made it clear that losing the final appeal to the WTO and the inevitable impacts of retaliation against the United States would have a devastating impact on our economy. 
from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers, the National Confectioners Association, the Wine Institute of California, National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, National Pork Producers Council, and the National Farmers Union. 
on the basis of a WTO decision. If COOL worked, perhaps there would be a response other than a repeal, but the fact is COOL is a marketing failure. In an April 2015 report to Congress, USDA explained that COOL requirements result in extraordinary costs with no quantifiable benefits. 
who argue that COOL enhances food safety, I have also maintained for over 10 years now that is simply not the case. If it were, then all meat served at restaurants would come with an information label of the meat’s origin. But it doesn’t, and that is because retail food establishments are exempt from the COOL requirements. 
Secretary Vilsack reaffirmed the need for Congress to repeal the disputed COOL label requirements. In other words, if we go down this path with Canada to try to negotiate something they have no reason to negotiate on, it will fail as well. 
us to avoid these retaliatory statements. Canada and Mexico have both said they are uninterested in negotiation. We are now at a point of fixing this. 
does that. I support the rule and the underlying legislation. 
time it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
struggle in this Congress and Congresses before, dating back some 13 years, and even before that, about country of origin labeling. Do people have the right to know where their food comes from? 
As the gentleman from Massachusetts pointed out, the American public supports this. 
that does not prohibit country of origin labeling. To the contrary, the case upheld the country’s right to require food labeling when it serves a broad 
treatment of a foreign product in a less favorable way than a domestic one. 
beyond just the disputed elements, adding poultry, and raising questions, I think, about our commitment to being able to give consumers what they want. 
cost to this, but it also is in terms of what people want. 
And I think, we ought to take a deep 
breath. There is not going to be any retaliatory tariffs that are going to be actually inflicted quickly. This is a process that is going to take months. 
which I personally think Brazil was right—we had inappropriate cotton subsidies, and we are paying Brazilian cotton interests now because of our refusal to make our own cotton policies WTOcompliant. 
That is another scandal, in my judgment, that we are giving $148 million to Brazilian cotton farmers, because we are giving inappropriate subsidies to American cotton farmers when we have other priorities. 
time in this Congress to follow regular order, to be able to carve out specific provisions that speak to the weakness in what the United States did. Because the United States, in enacting this for meat products, it was pretty convoluted, and the American Government had been told before that it would not be WTO compliant. 
So this isn’t a surprise. It is not an 
emergency. It is a responsibility we have to try to make these adjustments. 
I don’t want to have our other industries penalized with retaliatory tariffs, and they won’t be, but we don’t have to pass this bill. We ought to deal with the underlying problems, be narrow, be specific, and uphold the right of American consumers to have as much information as we can give them. 
we reject the rule and the underlying bill. Let’s have this conversation. Let’s do it right. And let’s make sure that we defend our right under WTO to have appropriate food labeling. 
my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ), 
of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
direct response to the fourth and final World Trade Organization ruling that mandatory country of origin labeling, or COOL, is anticompetitive and will allow Canada and Mexico to seek over $3 billion in tariffs on American products, directly placing American producers at a competitive disadvantage. H.R. 2393 removes cattle, hogs, and 
chicken from COOL labeling to allow our producers to maintain access to two of our largest trading markets and protect U.S. exports from destructive sanctions. 
this combined rule and vote in support of the COOL Amendments Act. I encourage the Senate to move this legislation as quickly as possible so our producers can compete on a level playing field. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
of origin labeling stands for the proposition that knowledge is power. The more knowledge you have, the better decisions that you can make. This is true about the food that you eat, and it is also true about the trade deals that we are being asked to swallow this week. 
for a vote the day after tomorrow, this recent World Trade Organization decision against the United States ought to serve as more than a blinking yellow light. It ought to be viewed as a giant red stoplight. 
that it just isn’t ‘‘cool’’ to supply consumers more information. And while this decision may not actually overrule our law, what you are seeing today is the possibility—indeed, the probability—of expensive retaliation against American exports unless we yield to this WTO decision. If you support local decisionmaking, you need to consider the significance of our experience at the World Trade Organization. 
challenges to United States laws just like this, and the record of the United States at the World Trade Organization when it is challenged is not one to be really proud of. We have had 6 wins and 66 losses. These are losses that have been sustained when other countries challenge our laws. 
Connecticut ROSA DELAURO and I attempted to present an amendment to a bill to say that corporate deserters— those that leave our country and renounce their charters here in order to dodge taxes—ought not to be given government business paid for by our taxpayers, we had some organizations who came and said: You can’t do that. You can’t deny corporate deserters an opportunity to get money from other taxpayers for government work because the World Trade Organization wouldn’t like it. 
being used based on existing trade laws. Consider now what will happen when the number of those who can challenge decisions in this Congress, at the State level, and at the local level is multiplied geometrically because of the fact that now, under an investor state dispute settlement provision, thousands of foreign corporations can challenge our regulations and our laws. 
Taxpayers will be exposed to unprecedented amounts of liability because of our decision to protect the health, safety, and welfare of the people that we represent. 
At least the World Trade Organization, the group that decided this case, has an appeal process. There is no such appeal process for these cases that will be brought by foreign corporations. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
will decide them are usually made up of a majority of private lawyers, who one day are litigating cases for multinationals and the next day are deciding these cases. 
should not receive greater rights than American investors, if you support local and State decisionmaking to keep our air and water and our environment clean without having to pay foreigners for the privilege of doing so, then there should be great concern about these trade deals that are being fasttracked this week. 
We don’t have to look far to see the 
damage that could occur, because only three months ago, in Canada, it happened when a local decision about expanding a quarry in an environmentally sensitive area was challenged successfully. That is an unfortunate decision. 
Track proposals and insist that they put us on the right track for more trade without jeopardizing the health and safety of Americans. I tried to do that in the Ways and Means Committee, but, like every other amendment to put us on the right track, it was rejected. We need to reject that wrong track approach this week. 
2 minutes to the good gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ). 
strong support for this rule and for the underlying bill, H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act. This bill repeals the country of origin labeling requirement for certain meat products because, as it currently stands, it threatens the economic livelihood of farmers and ranchers in northeast Georgia and, really, across the Nation. 
have been promulgated and upheld by this administration, it has achieved nothing but harm to our economy—not what it was ‘‘intended to do.’’ It does not improve food safety, and it now threatens to further devastate the ability of America’s agriculture industry to provide for their families by violating our trade obligations and encouraging retaliation from two of our largest trading partners, Canada and Mexico. 
voice of 700,000 Americans who live in northeast Georgia. These hardworking Americans produce more chicken than any other district in the United States. And now, like so many other Americans, they are facing devastating financial harm because of the COOL requirement, which arbitrarily mandates that meat products have a label that shows what country they were produced in. 
separate occasions that mandatory COOL requirements violate our obligation to treat our trade partners fairly, just as we demand to be treated fairly by them. Now Canada and Mexico may seek to impose retaliatory tariffs against not only our meat exports, but exports on virtually every industry in the United States. 
that a pork chop came from a pig that was born in Canada could possibly improve food safety, and I really can’t imagine it when we already require that all meat imports be inspected by at least the same standards that the USDA uses to inspect meat here at home, but I can tell you that it takes no imagination to foresee how this will impact our economy. Our trade partners will retaliate against us by taxing our exports. 
$493 million worth of Georgia exports alone. Nationally, tariffs will impact billions of dollars worth of exports. Chicken exports from my district will be taxed the moment they leave the country, and with 20 percent of chicken produced in the United States being exported, the impact will be overwhelming. 
So what will happen if we fail to repeal these mandates? The hardworking farmers in my district and in districts across the country will be unable to compete in the international market. 
this COOL repeal I think is a rash overreaction to the WTO ruling, and I think that we owe it to the American people to try to figure out whether there is a middle ground here. 
And to answer my friend from Georgia, who was like: Well, why do people want to know? Well, maybe the American people want to support American farmers. Maybe they want to support the small and mediumsized farms that are doing such incredible work all across this country. I don’t think that that is an outrageous idea. As I mentioned before, there is overwhelming support for this. Ninety percent of the American people support this country of origin labeling. 
let’s do something really radical. Let’s actually give the American people something that they want. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, at 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ), another member of the Agriculture Committee. 
today in support of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015, as well as the rule. 
debate that the mandatory COOL label is about food safety and protecting our food supply. Let me be clear. Mandatory COOL labeling is not about food safety. No matter where our food comes from, regulations remain in place to ensure safety and traceability, regardless of origin. This debate is about the cost that a governmentmandated marketing program is having on our economy. 
ruled against the United States four times in favor of Mexico and Canada, our largest trading partners. Over the next month, Canada and Mexico will begin seeking retaliatory damages against U.S. products from all over the country. In fact, Canada has already announced that it will seek more than $3 billion in retaliatory sanctions. These damages are real. They will affect farmers, manufacturers, and smallbusiness owners in my State of Michigan and around the country. 
percent of the tart cherries in the country. We export a lot of these cherries to Canada. Canada has placed cherries on the list for retaliatory sanctions. 
district, like apples, pork, wine, maple syrup. Michigan is also famous for its auto and steel industry. Canada plans to target all of these things. These penalties are real. They will cost jobs, which is the last thing we can afford to lose right now. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), another fine 
thank the gentleman from Texas and the gentleman from California for their leadership in bringing this legislation to the House floor. I will make my remarks short and simple. 
has been a 13year failed experiment in public policy. It provides little to no value for the consumer, raises costs for all producers, and has created a significant trade dispute with our number one and number two trading partners, Canada and Mexico. 
It is an embarrassment to our country that we have lost four times in the WTO court and now are facing significant retaliation from our two closest trading partners. This is particularly concerning when you consider that my home State of Missouri alone could face up to $623 million in economic 
America should be a leader in creating free and fair trade around the world by focusing on removing tariff and nontariff trade barriers, not creating our own. 
meat and other food products to clearly state the health and safety information. COOL goes beyond that, though, and has amounted to nothing more than a governmentmandated marketing program that provides little to no value to producers and consumers. The only solution to this failed experiment in public policy is full repeal of the country of origin labeling law. 
I support the underlying bill and encourage my colleagues to vote for H.R. 2393. 
would just say to the gentlewoman from Missouri that a lot of small and mediumsized farmers strongly disagree with her. There are a lot of consumers who would like to support American farmers. Nine out of 10 Americans support country of origin labeling. Repealing this law would restrict their access to critical information about the food they feed their families, making it impossible to avoid food from countries with poor safety records. 
using country of origin labels to inform consumers about the source of the food that they eat is a legitimate goal. More than 60 other countries have done this successfully without sanctions. So instead of throwing out COOL entirely, we should study the successful models and develop an alternative system that still maintains our constituents’ access to the information that they demand. 
about here today goes beyond the scope of the WTO case and repeals labeling requirements for ground beef, ground pork, and chicken, ultimately putting the interests of industrial meat processors above the concerns of 90 percent of the American public. 
around here to try to do what the American people want. They want to know where their food is grown, where their food is produced. Let’s give it to them. Let’s try to work a compromise out here rather than just this knee jerk bill that kind of throws the baby out with the bathwater. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. I have no more 
speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 61⁄2 
minutes remaining. The gentleman from Washington has 11 minutes remaining. 
repeal, I include for the R ECORD a letter to Chairman C ONAWAY and to Ranking Member P ETERSON signed by hundreds of organizations—farm organizations, consumer groups, labor groups, food safety groups, and I could go on and on and on—basically saying that this legislation that we are considering here today is a bad idea. 
farm, rural, faith, environmental, labor, farmworker, manufacturer and consumer organizations respectfully urge you to reject the repeal of the CountryofOrigin Labeling (COOL) law and support commonsense food labeling. Polls show that nine out of ten Americans support COOL. Consumers continue to demand more information about their food and producers want to share that information. 
(WTO) Appellate Body has issued its decision on COOL, the United States has a sovereign right to allow the dispute process to proceed to its completion and then decide how and whether to implement the adverse ruling. Our organizations remain steadfast in their opposition to any efforts to undermine COOL through repeal or any other measures. 
It is premature for the Congress to unilaterally surrender to saberrattling from our trading partners in the midst of a long standing dispute. COOL opponents have highlighted Mexico and Canada’s threats of retaliation as if their aspiration to seek billions of dollars in penalties were already approved by the WTO. But these unapproved, unrealistically high retaliation claims are merely aggressive litigation tactics designed to frighten the United States—a standard practice in WTO disputes. Congress should not fall for it. 
based on the extent to which COOL caused a reduction in the volume and price of livestock imports. But the economic recession was the driving factor behind declining livestock imports, not the application of a simple label. 
COOL went into effect and hog imports are rapidly rebounding, even with COOL in place. This straightforward logic is buttressed by a recent economic report from Auburn University that demonstrates that COOL has not impacted the livestock trade and that any harm to our trading partners has in fact been negligible at most. 
the United States, Canada and Mexico cannot reach an agreement after the parties have undergone the full WTO arbitration process. In past WTO disputes that the United States has lost, the United States has waited for the process to conclude and then has successfully avoided WTOauthorized trade sanctions by negotiating a settlement with the other country in the dispute. 
Finally, the proposed COOL repeal legislation is particularly extreme in that it would roll back commonsense labels that the WTO actually supported or that never even were raised in the WTO dispute. The legislation would repeal COOL for ground beef and ground pork as well as for chicken, but the WTO explicitly ruled that the COOL label on 
ground meat was WTOlegal, and the dispute never addressed chicken or other covered commodities (including seafood, fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables, goat, venison and some nuts). 
COOL is extremely important to our organizations and to the American public. We oppose any legislation that would repeal any portion of the COOL law. We urge Congress to stand up for America’s consumers, farmers and ranchers by rejecting any effort to unilaterally repeal a popular food label even before the WTO process has concluded. Thank you for your consideration of this request. 
AFL–CIO; AFL–CIO of Nebraska; Alabama Contract Poultry Growers Association; Alabama State Association of Cooperatives; Alaska Farmers Union; Alianza Nacional de Campesinas; Alternative Energy Resources Organization (AERO) (MT); American Agriculture Movement; American Corn Growers Institute for Public Policy; American Federation of Government Employees (AFL–CIO), Local 3354, USDASt. Louis; American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees Local 2748 (WI); American Grassfed Association; American Indian Mothers, Inc. (NC); American Raw Milk Producers Pricing Association; Angelic Organics Learning Center and Farm (IL); Arkansas Farmers Union; Ashtabula, Geauga, Lake County (OH) Farmers’ Union; Berks (PA) Gas Truth; Berkshire Organics (MA); BioRegional Strategies; 
LLC; Boston Food & Farm PBC (MA); Buckeye Quality Beef Association (OH); Buffalo Mountain Coop (VT); California Dairy Campaign; California Farmers Union; Campaign for Contract Agriculture Reform; Campaign for Family Farms and the Environment; Caney Fork Headwaters Association (TN); Carbon County Resource Council (MT); Carolina Farm Stewardship Association (NC); Catholic Charities of Central and Northern MissouriSocial Services Office/Diocese of Jefferson City; National Catholic Rural Life Conference; Cattle Producers of Louisiana; Cattle Producers of Washington; Center for Earth Spirituality and Rural Ministry (MN); Center for Family Farm Development (GA); Center for Food Safety; Center for Foodborne Illness Research & Prevention; 
Rights Network; Center for Rural Affairs; Central Coop (WA); Chicago Consumer Coalition; Church Women United in New York State; Citizen Action Coalition of Indiana; Citizens for Sanity.Com, Inc. (FL); City Market Onion River Coop (VT); Cleanwater Action Council of Northeast Wisconsin; Coalition for a Prosperous America; Colorado Independent CattleGrowers Association; Communication Workers of America; Communication Workers of America Nebraska State Council; Community Alliance for Global Justice (WA); Community Farm Alliance (KY); Community Food and Justice Coalition (CA); Connecticut Families Against Chemical Trespass; Consumer Action; Consumer Assistance Council, Inc.; Consumer Federation of America; Consumer Federation of California; 
Growers Association of the Virginias; Cooperative Grocer Network; The Cornucopia Institute; Cornucopia Network NJ/TN Chapter; Cottonwood Resource 
Council (MT); Crawford Stewardship Project (WI); Cumberland Countians for Ecojustice (TN); Dakota Resource Council; Dakota Rural Action of SD; Dawson Resource Council (MT); Detroit Coalition Against Tar Sands; East New York Farms!/United Community Centers; EcoHermanas; Ecological Farming Association (CA); The Ecology Center (CA); The Ecology Party of Florida; Endangered Habitats League (CA); Equal Exchange; Fair World Project (OR); 
Farm and Ranch Freedom Alliance; Farmworker Association of Florida; Federation of Southern Cooperatives/ Land Assistance Fund; Federation of Southern Cooperatives/Rural Training and Research Center (AL); Fiddleheads Natural Food Cooperative (CT); Florida Alliance for Consumer Protection; Food & Water Watch; Food Chain Workers Alliance; Food Democracy Now!; Food for Maine’s Future; Friends of the Earth U.S.; Global Justice Ecology Project; GMO Free New Jersey; GMO Free Pennsylvania; GMOFree Florida; Grand Forks County Citizens Coalition (ND); Grassroots International; Grow Youngstown (OH); 
Inc. (NH); Hawaii Farmers Union United; Hmong National Development, Inc.; Hunger Action Los Angeles; Idaho Organization of Resource Councils; Illinois Farmers Union; Illinois Stewardship Alliance; Independent Beef Association of North Dakota (IBAND); Independent Cattlemen of Nebraska; Independent Cattlemen of Wyoming; Independent Cattlemen’s Association of Texas; Indian Nations Conservation Alliance; Indiana Farmers Union; Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy; Institute for Rural America (IA); Interchurch Ministries of Nebraska; International Brotherhood of Teamsters; Intertribal Agriculture Council; Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement; Iowa Farmers Union; Johns Hopkins Center for a Livable Future (MD); 
Farmers Union; Kansas National Farmers Organization; Kansas Rural Center; LabeIGMOS.org; Land Stewardship Project (MN); Leverett Village Coop (MA); Local Futures/International Society for Ecology and Culture; Long Beach Food Policy Council (CA); 
Lowcountry Local First (SC); MA Right to Know GMOs; Maine Fair Trade Campaign; Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association (MOFGA); The Manufacturers Association of Central New York; Massachusetts Consumers’ Council, Inc.; Michael Fields Agricultural Institute (WI); Michigan Farmers Union; Michigan Food & Farming Systems; Michigan Organic Food and Farm Alliance; Middlebury Natural Foods Coop (VT); 
Midwest Organic Dairy Producers Association; Midwest Environmental Advocates, Inc. (WI); Milwaukee Fair Trade Coalition (WI); Minnesota Farmers Union; Minnesota National Farmers Organization; Mississippi Assoc. of Cooperatives; Missouri Farmers Union; Missouri National Farmers Organization; Missouri Rural Crisis Center; Missouri’s Best Beef Cooperative; Monadnock Food Coop (NH); Montana Farmers Union; Montana Women Involved in Farm Economics; Montgomery Countryside Alliance; Murray County (OK) Independent Cattlemen’s Association; 
National Center for Appropriate Technology; National Coop Grocers; National Consumers League; National Family Farm Coalition; National Farmers Organization; 
Hmong American Farmers, Inc.; National Latino Farmers & Ranchers Trade Association; National Organic Coalition; National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition; National Young Farmers Coalition; Nature Abounds; Near East Side Cooperative Market (OH); Nebraska Alliance for Retired Americans; Nebraska Easement Action Team; Nebraska Farmers Union; Nebraska League of Conservation Voters; Nebraska Sierra Club; Nebraska State Grange; Nebraska Sustainable Agriculture Society; Nebraska Wildlife Federation; Nebraska Women Involved in Farm Economics; Nebraskans for Peace; Neighboring Food Coop Association (MA); Network for Environmental & Economic Responsibility of United Church of Christ; 
England Farmers Union (CT, MA, ME, NH, RI, VT); New York National Farmers Organization; New York Women Involved in Farm Economics; NH Right to Know GMO; North Carolina Consumers Council; North Dakota AFL– CIO; North Dakota Farmers Union; Northeast Organic Dairy Producers Alliance; Northeast Organic Farming Assoc.—MA; Northeast Organic Farming Assoc.—NH; Northeast Organic Fanning Assoc.—NJ; Northeast Organic Farming Assoc.—NY; Northern New Mexico Stockman’s Association; Northern Plains Resource Council (MT); Northern Wisconsin Beef Producers Assoc.; Northwest Atlantic Marine Alliance (MA); Northwest Farmers Union; Oglala Sioux Livestock and Land Owners Association (SD); Ohio Ecological Food and Farm Association; 
Ohio Environmental Council; Ohio Environmental Stewardship Alliance; Ohio Farmers Union; Oklahoma Black Historical Research Project; Operation Spring Plant, Inc. (NC); Oregon Rural Action; Oregon Rural Action Blue Mountain Chapter Food & Ag Policy Team; Oregonians for Safe Farms and Families; Organic Consumers Association; Organic Farmers’ Agency for Relationship Marketing (OFARM); Organic Seed Alliance; Organic Seed Growers & Trade Association 
(OSGATA); Organizacion en California de Lideres Campesinas, Inc.; Organization for Competitive Markets; PCC Natural Markets (WA); Peach Bottom Concerned Citizens Group (PBCCG) (PA); Pennsylvania Farmers Union; Pennypack Farm and Education Center (PA); Pesticide Action Network North America; 
(WY); Progressive Agriculture Organization (PA); Provender Alliance (OR); Public Citizen; RCALF United Stockgrowers of America; Raritan Headwaters Association (NJ); Real Food Challenge (MA); Real Food for Kids—Montgomery (MD); Real Pickles Cooperative, Inc. (MA); Right to Know Minnesota; River Valley Market (MA); Rocky Mountain Farmers Union; Roots of Change (CA); Rosebud Protective Association (MT); Rural & Agricultural Council of America; Rural Advancement Foundation International—USA (RAFIUSA); Rural Coalition/Coalicion Rural; Rural Development Leadership Network (NY); Rural Vermont; Rutland Area Food Coop (VT); Sacramento Natural Foods Coop (CA); Seacoast Eat Local (NH); Slow Food Nebraska; Slow Food USA; Small Planet Institute; Socially Responsible Agricultural Project; Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, IFPTE Local 2001 (WA, KS); South Agassiz Resource Council (ND); The South County Food Coop (RI); South Dakota Farmers Union; South Dakota Livestock Auction Markets Association; South Dakota Stockgrowers Association; South Dakota Women Involved in Farm Economics; Southwest Nebraska Women Involved in Farm Economics; Springfield Food Coop (VT); Stone Valley Coop & Cafe ´(VT); Texas 
Tooling, Manufacturing and Technologies Assoc. (MI); Toxics Information Project; U.S. Cattlemen’s Association; U.S. Public Interest Research Group (USPIRG); United Church of Christ Justice and Witness Ministries; United Steel Workers Local 1188 (ME); United Steel Workers Local 900 (ME); Vermont National Farmers Organization; Virginia Association for Biological Farming; Virginia Citizens Consumer Council; Walter’s Signs (NJ); Waterkeeper Alliance; Western Colorado Congress; Western Organization of Resource Councils (WORC); Western Sustainable Agriculture Working Group; Western Wisconsin AFL–CIO; Wild Oats Market (MA); Willimantic Food Coop (CT); Wisconsin Fair Trade Coalition; Wisconsin Farmers Union; Women Involved in Farm Economics; Women’s Environmental Institute; World Farmers; Yellowstone Valley Citizens Council (MT). 
say to my colleagues on this legislation, the American people do not want a total repeal. Nine out of ten Americans support country of origin labeling. We ought to work out a good compromise so the American people can get what they want and have access to the knowledge about their food that they want. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule with regard to 
Mr. Speaker, I also want to say a few 
words about the Defense Appropriations bill. And for the viewing public who are watching this and who are trying to figure out what does country of origin labeling have to do with a Defense Appropriations bill, I would again remind them that the Republican leadership and the Republicans on the Rules Committee have this new technique of bunching diverse pieces of legislation together under one rule to stifle debate and to make it more difficult for people to have their say on these important bills and to try to confuse things. 
that people understand that the Defense Appropriations bill is given a role under this rule, and I would urge my colleagues to think long and hard before they vote. I would urge them to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Defense Appropriations bill for a whole number of reasons, notwithstanding the slush fund, the socalled OCO account, that is playing fast and loose with the numbers so that my Republican colleagues 
don’t have to deal with the issue of sequestration. But I would also urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this, because this bill will appropriate billions of more dollars for a war in the Middle East that Congress hasn’t had the guts to debate and vote on. 
thousands of our troops have been deployed into harm’s way. The President announced last night we are establishing a new base in Iraq. Close to 500 more American troops are going to be deployed in Iraq, and not a single debate in this Congress, not a single vote 
AUMF. I think it is too broad; some people think it is too restrictive. But it is up to the Congress to fashion an AUMF that gets 218 votes or to vote to bring our troops home. That is the choice. But doing nothing is not a choice. That is an abrogation of our constitutional responsibilities. 
ashamed of the fact that 10 months into this war we haven’t done a thing. How do you explain that to your constituents whose sons and daughters have been placed into harm’s way? How do you explain that to your constituents that we are mostly borrowing $3.5 million an hour to pay for these wars, but we don’t have the time to debate it or to vote on it? 
Associated Press article, entitled, ‘‘U.S. to Send More Troops to Iraq for Expanded Training Mission’’; and the other is a New York Times article, entitled, ‘‘U.S. Embracing a New Approach on Battling ISIS in Iraq.’’ 
JERUSALEM .—An expected White House decision to send several hundred more troops to Iraq to expand training of Iraqi forces in Anbar province is not a shift in U.S. strategy but is aimed at helping Iraq retake the provincial capital, Ramadi, and eventually blunt the Islamic State’s battlefield momentum. 
soon as Wednesday, would increase the number of U.S. training sites in Iraq from four to five and enable a larger number of Iraqis— mostly Sunni tribal volunteers, in this case—to join the fight against the Islamic militant group. It is consistent with the overall U.S. approach of building up Iraqi forces while simultaneously conducting aerial bombing of Islamic State targets. 
U.S. officials have said repeatedly that getting the Sunnis more deeply involved in the war is critical to ousting IS from Anbar. 
It leaves open, however, the larger question of whether the Shiiteled Iraqi government will make the troop commitments necessary to oust the Islamic State from Ramadi, which the militants captured last month, and Fallujah, which they have held for more than a year. Up to now, Iraqi officials have chosen to deploy most U.S. trained Iraqi troops in defensive formations around Baghdad, the capital. 
troops there in training, advising, security and other support roles. The U.S. also is flying bombing missions as well as aerial reconnaissance and intelligencegathering missions to degrade the Islamic State’s forces, while counting on Iraqi ground troops to retake lost territory. 
extra U.S. training site will be at al Taqqadum, a desert air base that was a U.S. military hub during the 2003–2011 war. Establishing the training camp will require between 400 and 500 U.S. troops, including trainers, logisticians and security personnel, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity because a final administration decision had not been announced. 
four sites—two in the vicinity of Baghdad, one at alAsad air base in Anbar province and one near Irbil in northern Iraq. 
The addition of one training site is a modest tweak to the existing U.S. approach in Iraq. It was unclear Wednesday how many more Iraqi troops could be added to the fight against IS in coming months by opening one new training base. One official said the training at alTaqqadum is likely to being this summer. 
Over the past year the U.S. has trained approximately 9,000 Iraqi troops. 
The new plan is not likely to include the 
deployment of U.S. forces closer to the front lines to either call in airstrikes or advise smaller Iraqi units in battle, officials said. One official, however, said the adjustment may include a plan for expediting the delivery of arms and military equipment to some elements of the Iraqi military. 
On Tuesday, Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said in Jerusalem that he has recommended changes to President Barack Obama but he offered no assessment of when decisions would be made and announced. He suggested the president was considering a number of questions, including what adjustments to U.S. military activities in Afghanistan and elsewhere in the world might be needed if the U.S. does more in Iraq. 
Dempsey said the Pentagon also is reviewing ways to improve the effectiveness of its air campaign, which is a central pillar of Obama’s strategy for enabling Iraqi ground forces to recapture territory held by the Islamic State. 
still lacks a ‘‘complete strategy’’ for training Iraqi forces. He also urged Iraq’s Shiite dominated government to allow more of the nation’s Sunnis to join the campaign against the violent militant group. 
national security team to examine the train andequip program and determine ways to make it more effective. Critics have questioned the U.S. approach, and even Defense Secretary Ash Carter has raised doubts by saying the collapse of Iraqi forces in Ramadi last month suggested the Iraqis lack a ‘‘will to fight.’’ 
debated in Washington, with some calling for U.S. ground combat troops or at least the embedding of U.S. air controllers with Iraqi ground forces to improve the accuracy and effectiveness of U.S. and coalition airstrikes. Dempsey was not specifically asked about that but gave no indication that Obama has dropped his resistance to putting U.S. troops into combat in Iraq. 
‘‘What he’s asked us to do is to take a look 
back at what we’ve learned over the last eight months of the trainandequip program, and make recommendations to him on whether there are capabilities that we may want to provide to the Iraqis to actually make them more capable . . . whether there 
are other locations where we might establish training sites,’’ and look for ways to develop Iraqi military leaders, he said. 
it is a recognition that the effort has either been too slow or has allowed setbacks where ‘‘certain units have not stood and fought.’’ He did not mention the Ramadi rout specifically, but Dempsey previously has said the Iraqis drove out of the city on their own. 
‘‘Are there ways to give them more confidence?’’ This, he said, is among the questions Obama wanted Dempsey and others to answer. 
the battle against the Islamic State, the Obama administration is planning to establish a new military base in Anbar Province, Iraq, and to send up to 450 more American military trainers to help Iraqi forces retake the city of Ramadi. 
to announce a plan that follows months of behindthescenes debate about how prominently plans to retake Mosul, another Iraqi city that fell to the Islamic State last year, should figure in the early phase of the military campaign against the group. 
settled the administration debate, at least for the time being. American officials said Ramadi was now expected to become the focus of a lengthy campaign to regain Mosul at a later stage, possibly not until 2016. 
as early as this summer, a United States official said, and will focus on training Sunni fighters with the Iraqi Army. The official called the coming announcement ‘‘an adjustment to try to get the right training to the right folks.’’ 
primarily to advise and assist Iraqi security forces and to engage and reach out to Sunni tribes in Anbar, a senior United States official said. The focus for the Americans will be to try to accelerate the integration of Sunni fighters into the Iraqi Army, which is dominated by Shiites. That will be an uphill task as many of the Sunni fighters in the area do not trust the Iraqi Army. 
that the outreach will reduce the Iraqi military’s reliance on Shiite militias to take back territory from the Islamic State. ‘‘The Sunnis want to be part of the fight,’’ the official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity. ‘‘This will help empower them, creating more recruits and more units to fight ISIL,’’ he added, using another acronym for the Islamic State. 
go to the Iraqi government forces in Anbar, not directly to the Sunni tribes, adding that the new strategy was not a change in policy to directly arm Sunnis, but rather a faster way to get equipment and arms to the battlefield, which the Iraqi government had requested. 
The United States Central Command’s emphasis on retaking Mosul depended critically on efforts to retrain the Iraqi Army, which appear to have gotten off to a slow start. Some Iraqi officials also thought the schedule for taking Mosul was unrealistic, and some bridled when an official from the Central Command told reporters in February that an assault to capture the city was planned for this spring. 
plans are being made to use Al Taqqadum, an Iraqi base near the town of Habbaniya, as another training hub for the Americanled coalition. 
Alistair Baskey, a National Security Council spokesman, said that the administration hoped to accelerate the training and equipping of Iraqi security forces, and that ‘‘those options include sending additional trainers.’’ The United States now has about 3,000 troops, including trainers and advisers, in Iraq. But the steps envisioned by the White House are likely to be called halfmeasures by critics because they do not call for an expansion of the role of American troops, such as the use of spotters to call in airstrikes. 
There has long been debate within the administration about what the first steps in the campaign should be. Led by Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, the Central Command has long emphasized the need to strike a blow against the Islamic State by recapturing Mosul, Iraq’s secondlargest city, which was taken by the group in June 2014. Mosul is the capital of Nineveh Province in northern Iraq and was the site of a sermon that Abu Bakr alBaghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State, defiantly delivered in July. The Baiji refinery, a major oil complex, is on a main road to Mosul. 
State Department officials have highlighted the strategic importance of Anbar Province in western Iraq. 
tribes, whose support American officials hope to enlist in the struggle against the Islamic State. Ramadi, the provincial capital of Anbar, is less than 70 miles from Baghdad, and the province borders Saudi Arabia and Jordan, two important members of the coalition against the Islamic State. The differing perspectives within the administration came to the fore in April when Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, asserted that Ramadi was not central to the future of Iraq. The Islamic State’s capture of Ramadi last month also punctured the administration’s description that the group was on the defensive. 
we’ll train whomever shows up and give them weapons and air support. At what point does U.S ....  
State, not the Americanled coalition, was on the march. Prime Minister Haider al Abadi of Iraq scrambled to assemble a plan to regain the city. 
The Islamic State now controls two provincial capitals, as well as the city of Falluja. With the help of American air power, the Iraqis have retaken Tikrit, northwest of Baghdad, but so many buildings there are still rigged with explosives that many of its residents have been unable to return. 
number of Iraqi tribal fighters in Anbar who are trained and equipped is expected to increase to as many as 10,000 from about 5,500. 
More than 3,000 new Iraqi soldiers are to be 
recruited to fill the ranks of the Seventh Iraqi Army division in Anbar and the Eighth Iraqi Army division, which is in Habbaniya, where the Iraqi military operations center for the province is also based. 
But to the frustration of critics like Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, who say that the United States is losing the initiative to the Islamic State, the Obama administration has yet to approve the use of American spotters on the battlefield to call in airstrikes in and around Ramadi. Nor has it approved the use of Apache helicopter gunships to help Iraqi troops retake the city. 
General Dempsey alluded to the plan to expand the military footprint in Iraq during a visit to Israel on Tuesday, saying that he 
had asked war commanders to look into expanding the number of training sites for Iraqi forces. The United States is not the only country that is expanding its effort. 
said this week that his country would send up to 125 additional troops to train Iraqi forces, including in how to clear improvised bombs. 
House, this Congress, is not working. The fact that we can be in the middle of a new war, spending all these resources, committing all these young lives into harm’s way, and we can’t even bring an AUMF to the floor to have a debate, it is appalling. I don’t know how we can face our constituents, look them in the eye, and say we are doing our job here. We are not. I don’t know anything more important that we should debate and deliberate on than war. I mean, war is a big deal. The unfortunate thing in this institution, war has become too easy. I am tired of the excuses, and I am tired of the whining. The President has done what he is supposed to do. Everybody has done what they are supposed to do except us. I am not going to vote for any bill that appropriates more money for a war that we don’t even have the guts to authorize. 
So, Mr. Speaker, again I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this grab bag rule, vote ‘‘no’’ on this ridiculous COOL repeal, and vote ‘‘no’’ on the defense appropriations bill. Let’s vote these down and come back and do our job the way the American people expect us to do our job. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time, and let me say thank you to the gentleman from Massachusetts and the points he raises. I enjoy serving on the Rules Committee with Mr. MCGOVERN . 
are on track to be one of the most productive Congresses in many, many years, and part of the reason is the use of the compound rule, which provides for separate consideration of each underlying measure under a single rule. It helps expedite legislative business. Consideration of one rule allows the House more time to debate the underlying measures. It has given us the opportunity to achieve that efficiency and that effectiveness and productivity. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts for a 10 second question. 
give us more time to debate the COOL repeal? It is a pretty straightforward, limited debate that we are given. I would argue that what you are doing is denying us the right to debate appropriately these important issues. We are not saving time. What the Republican majority is doing is limiting our opportunity. 
time after that 10second question, the Agriculture Committee has had ample time for debate on that question. We are bringing forward what is a very critical decision that has to be made in a very limited timeframe, and so it is an appropriate approach to addressing this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, the issues we are considering today have serious consequences for the security and economic wellbeing of our country, which is why I am urging my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bills. 
that funds our Nation’s national defense and its critical national security programs. It provides the resources needed to continue our essential military efforts abroad and addresses the vital needs of our men and women in uniform. 
trained military is in the best interest of all Americans and is indispensable to the common defense of our country. This bill includes vital funding for the U.S. military and intelligence community as they remain engaged in responding to these challenges abroad. This bill also makes difficult budgetary choices that will help us save taxpayer dollars wherever possible, but it does so without undermining the safety, the security, and the success of our troops and their families. 
presence of al Qaeda, the emergence and growth of terrorist groups in North Africa, near systemic instability across the Middle East, and the ongoing situation in Ukraine, our military must remain strong and ready to address evolving threats both at home and abroad. 
always be the protection of our country, and the funding levels in this bill will ensure our military remains the most capable, prepared, and exceptional armed force anywhere in the world. To me the choice is clear. What side are we on? We choose to be on the side of our troops, and I am proud to support this bill and the important funding it provides our Nation’s military, security, and our courageous men and women in uniform. 
This rule also provides for the consideration of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act, a measure that warrants immediate and serious consideration by both Houses of Congress, because the ramifications of doing nothing will be severe and could imperil many sectors of our country, from ranchers and grape growers to manufacturers and exporters. 
threat of retaliation is very real. My friends on the other side of the aisle may argue that we have more time to address this issue, but the reality is time is simply running out. For over 7 years, we have been trying to rectify 
this issue. WTO’s latest verdict, handed down on May 18, is our fourth and final loss in the court proceedings. Now both Canada and Mexico have publicly stated they will retaliate against the United States, and the official request for retaliation is set to occur on June 17. This is not an idle threat. It is not saber rattling. Last week, Canada announced that it will seek $3 billion in 
retaliatory measures, and Mexico stated it will be seeking tariffs totaling $635 million. 
had a negative economic impact in many areas across the country. Tyson Foods has a plant in my district, and given the proximity to Canada, this plant in Pasco depends on Canadian cattle. However, under COOL, the plant cannot commingle U.S. and Canadian cattle. They have to be run in separate lines, and the plant has to use multiple labels depending on the origin of those cattle. COOL has increased the Pasco facility’s operating costs due to the requirements and inefficiencies involved with the segregation of the cattle; and with less animals available across the Pacific Northwest, the plant is currently operating at less than 40 hours per week, leading to less money being put into the local economy from less compensation from employers. 
trade relationships we have with two of our biggest markets for the export of U.S. meat and agricultural products. If we don’t repeal the requirements of COOL, we are in violation of our WTO obligations. As I said, we could face billions of dollars in retaliation that would hurt farmers and ranchers, small businesses, and, yes, American consumers. We need this legislation now in order to prevent those retaliatory actions and to bring the United States into compliance with our WTO obligations, which can only be done by repealing these provisions. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the discussion we have had over the last hour. Although we may have some differences of opinion—we usually do—I believe this rule and the underlying bills are strong measures that are important to the future of our country. I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 303 and the underlying bills. 
against yet another closed rule on an issue that deserves weeks of open, transparent debate: trade. 
This House is debating whether or not to repeal a consumer protection measure that 9 in 10 Americans support—country of origin labeling on meat in our grocery stores. This essential provision could be reversed in one fell swoop all because the World Trade Organization has decided that those labels hurt Mexico and Canada, our socalled ‘‘Trading Partners,’’ who have threatened the United States with billions of dollars in sanctions if we don’t capitulate. 
The WTO’s ruling highlights yet another example of a trading system that benefits foreign competitors and global corporations at the expense of the American consumer. 
vote when the House turns its attention to fast track and the TransPacific Partnership free trade agreement. 
Advocates of fast track are selling the American people a flawed trade deal which has been negotiated in secret by multinational corporations. This trade deal, which proponents will tell you will reinvigorate the middle class, create jobs, and strengthen the American economy, will do just the opposite. What’s more, the president wants to circumvent congressional authority by stopping debate and using fast track to ram a bad deal through this chamber. 
Partnership cause serious harm to the American worker, they threaten American sovereignty, and this repeal bill is a prime example of that. 
Not only does this silence the voice of the 
American people, it cuts out the People’s House and would topple even more consumer protections. 
limiting access to prescription drugs, weakening the Clean Air Act, and more, the TPP is not simply about trade, it puts every facet of our daily lives at risk. 
path forward and work for the American people, not against them. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of House Resolution 303 will be followed by 5minute votes on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to H. Res. 295 and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 244, nays 187, not voting 2, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
of Texas). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 295) supporting local law enforcement agencies in their continued work to serve our communities, and supporting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 421, nays 6, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) 
Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. 
Stated for: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 331 I was unable to register my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 256, nays 168, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Buchanan 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper 
Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Latta 
Lummis Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Rangel Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford 
Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Dold Duckworth Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Foxx Fudge Gibbs Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Honda 
Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loudermilk Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Marchant Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Shuster Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate passed S. 653. That the Senate passed S. 611. With best wishes, I am 
OF THE 25TH EDITION OF THE POCKET VERSION OF THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of H. Con. Res. 54, and ask for 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
pocket version of the United States Constitution shall be reprinted as a House document under the direction of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
usual number, there shall be printed the lesser of— 
235,400 copies shall be for the use of the House of Representatives and 50,000 copies shall be for the use of the Senate; or 
chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives, in the case of the copies printed for the use of the House; and 
chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate, in the case of the copies printed for the use of the Senate. 
PERMITTING OFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO BE TAKEN WHILE THE HOUSE IS IN ACTUAL SESSION ON A DATE DESIGNATED BY Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 303, I call up the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 303, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture, printed in the bill, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
282 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638a) is amended— 
PORK , CHICKEN ,’’ and inserting ‘‘ LAMB ,’’; 
PORK , LAMB , CHICKEN ,’’ and inserting ‘‘G ROUND  
ground lamb, ground chicken,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘ground lamb,’’; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C ONAWAY ) and 
the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ) each will control 30 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill, H.R. 2393. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
really a marketing program, a heavyhanded approach by this Federal Government to demand a marketing program that may or may not work. 
ago today. It turns out that my doubts were well founded. The program has not worked, and it is time to put this failed experiment behind us once and for all. 
for short, was first enacted for meat products as a part of the 2002 farm bill. Implementation of the law was actually delayed until 2008. 
implementing rule was published, Canada and Mexico challenged the rule at the WTO, arguing that it had a trade distorting impact by reducing the value and number of cattle and hogs shipped to the United States market. 
The WTO process has since progressed through the dispute settlement phase, a U.S. appeal to the WTO’S appellate body, review by a WTO compliance panel, and an appeal by the U.S. of that decision. In all four instances, Mr. Speaker, the United States lost. 
In the fourth and final decision, released on May 18, the WTO rejected the United States’ argument and found that the U.S. COOL requirements for beef and pork are unavoidably discriminatory. The final rule kickstarts the process to determine the level of retaliatory tariffs Canada and Mexico can now impose on the U.S., which has widely been predicted to have effects in the billions of dollars. 
During a hearing of the House Agriculture Committee’s Livestock and Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee to examine the implications of potential retaliation against the U.S., witnesses made it clear that losing the final appeal to the WTO and the inevitable impacts of retaliation against the United States and its economy would be devastating. 
on the basis of a WTO decision. If COOL worked, perhaps there would be a response other than repeal, but the fact is COOL has been a marketing failure. In an April 2015 report to Congress, USDA explained that COOL requirements result in extraordinary costs with no quantifiable benefits. 
COOL information, there is no evidence to conclude that this mandatory labeling translates into measurable increases in consumer demand for beef, pork, or chicken. 
COOL enhances food safety, as I have maintained now for 10 years, that is simply not the case. If it were, then all meat served at restaurants would come with information regarding the meat’s origin, but it doesn’t. That is because retail food establishments are exempt from COOL requirements. 
be inspected for safety by the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service. This bill does nothing to change that and will simply repeal a heavyhanded, governmentmandated marketing program that has proven to be unsuccessful. 
Here we are with a policy that imposes high costs, no benefits, and if we keep it in place, our national economy will suffer significant damage that can reach into the billions of dollars. 
Vilsack has been quoted numerous times acknowledging that repeal of the COOL requirements is a viable option for bringing the U.S. into compliance with its WTO obligations and avoiding retaliatory measures. 
In a recent letter to Congress, Secretary Vilsack reaffirmed the need for Congress to repeal the disputed COOL requirements or develop a generic North American label. However, Canada and Mexico have previously rejected the North American label, rendering that option unacceptable. 
path which Canada and Mexico have already rejected, we will continue to face retaliation unless and until we can demonstrate we are in compliance with our trade obligations. Repeal is the only viable option before us to avoid this retaliation. 
simple, straightforward legislation so that we can, in the best bipartisan tradition of this House, avoid damage to our economy. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2393 is a premature reaction to the WTO ruling against the U.S. country of origin labeling, or COOL, law. Rather than taking the time to find a workable solution, the committee passed a repeal just 2 days after the WTO issued a ruling. We understand that this needs to be dealt with. 
is that it just is not giving people enough time to look at this and figure out what is a reasonable solution. Most other countries have labeling. The American people want to know where their ag products come from. 
wouldn’t be able to know where meat comes from, but we would be able to know where your carrots, lettuce, and all these other things come from. They all have mandatory country of origin 
worked on, and we understand that we can’t get into a situation with the retaliation, but this is a rush to judgment that is not necessary because this retaliation process is going to take a while. 
went 2 or 3 years before it got resolved; this is going to go faster, but the first thing that has to happen is they have to figure out what the damage is. That is going to take them a while, a month or two, and then they are going to have to have an arbitration panel to get everybody to agree that that is exactly what it is. 
are $3 billion in economic losses due to COOL is ridiculous and is based on unsubstantiated and not publicly available data. The U.S. studies, using USDA data, have found little, if any, economic harm. 
As I said, more than 60 other countries, including Canada, have their own version of COOL. In fact, Canada has a host of protectionist agriculture laws in place that damage the U.S. dairy, poultry, and egg sectors. 
The Canadian system puts U.S. products at a disadvantage every day. And yet, the Canadians take issue when we try to give consumers additional information on where their meat comes from, claiming it disadvantages Canadian producers. 
Additionally, consumers are demanding more and more information about where their food comes from and how it is produced. The WTO has repeatedly ruled that COOL is a legitimate goal. 
provide consumers with this information, we need to have the time so we will be able to find a reasonable solution to work this out without WTO sanctions. I believe it can be done, and it can be done in fairly short order. 
that this bill is premature. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the former 
want to thank the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, Mr. CONAWAY , for 
his leadership on yet another important issue for agriculture this week in the Congress. 
I rise in strong support of the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015, which would repeal mandatory country of origin labeling for meat and bring the United States back into international trade compliance. 
mandatory country of origin labeling, and now the WTO’s continued rulings against this practice, as well as Canada’s and Mexico’s threats to seek $3 
estimated the potential economic impact of retaliation from Mexico and Canada could add up to tariffs of $331 million worth of exports on products like paper, aluminum, and bread. 
threatens our trade relationship with two of our strongest partners. Our markets, producers, and consumers cannot afford the cost of this failed policy. We will all benefit by its repeal. 
debated for almost 15 years. Within 5 months of its 2009 implementation, Canada and Mexico challenged COOL at the WTO, arguing that it had trade distorting impact by reducing the value of cattle and hogs shipped to the U.S. market. The WTO ruled in favor of 
appeal, it is imperative that the Congress act quickly to avoid billions of dollars in retaliation. 
In the case of cattle, hogs, and chicken, it has proved to be a failed experiment, imposing significant costs on producers, packers, and consumers with no quantifiable benefit. 
United States Department of Agriculture Secretary Vilsack has stated the Department has no further options for administrative remedies. The issue has to be fixed legislatively through Congress, and this way of repeal is, by far, the best. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). 
support of this measure to repeal the country of origin labeling. 
bringing this measure up. I also want to thank the ranking member always for his efforts to be balanced and to try to solve problems. 
disagree on this measure—for years that this country of origin labeling has simply not worked. So I am pleased that we are here today to debate the legislation that, in fact, repeals the country of origin labeling for beef, pork, and chicken products. Hopefully we can move on to figure out a solution to this problem. 
emphasize, this measure has nothing to do with food safety. Let me repeat. It has nothing to do with food safety. The inspection process by the United States Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration remains in place for all consumable products that the American public eats. 
So what this has to do with is simply 
about how we market beef, pork, or chicken across the country. 
on this measure, we do not want to have to deal with a devastating blow to our economy through economic retaliation. Last month, as has been noted by my 
colleagues, the World Trade Organization rejected the United States appeal. This was our last and final appeal. And for many of us, we felt it was predictable. 
from two of our largest export markets, Canada and Mexico, against products that are produced in America. This especially impacts California, the number one agricultural State in the Nation. The Canadian Government has already published its list of commodities that will be subject to tariff increases and estimates the impact could reach in excess of $3 million, with the direct effect in California being over $1 billion. 
and it could be implemented as early as this fall. 
For example, Canada imports 90 percent of its table wine from my home State of California. If the tariff is increased to 100 percent, that will mean customers in Canada will have to pay double for a bottle of good California wine. If consumers in Canada see that price double, I suspect they are going 
trade, as an example, but to all products that are produced in America. 
Mr. PETERSON. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
don’t want to see any retaliatory efforts made by Canada and Mexico, and I don’t think they want to impose them. 
to satisfy the WTO compliance. In addition, as has been noted, the Secretary of Agriculture has stated a legislative fix is required to resolve this problem. 
this measure, and let’s take action. And the Senate will need to then act, and then we have a chance to come together and fix this legislation. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), the chairman of 
afternoon I also rise in support of H.R. 2393, which, as has been mentioned, provides a longoverdue repeal of the country of origin labeling requirements for beef, pork, and poultry products. 
USDA to use limited resources to implement and enforce a program that has nothing to do with food safety, and there is little to no evidence that it has increased consumer demand, according to a USDAcommissioned survey. 
Serving as chairman of the House Appropriations Agriculture Subcommittee, I am very aware of the economic harm that this burdensome law has already caused U.S. livestock producers, and more economic harm is on the horizon. The World Trade Organization, the 
WTO Appellate Body, has ruled in favor of Canada and Mexico and found the U.S. country of origin labeling requirements are in violation of international trade obligations. 
of Mexico have clearly expressed their intent to seek authority from the WTO to retaliate. This could end up suffering economic impact in this country of almost $4 billion. 
accompanying the omnibus appropriation bill directed the Secretary of Agriculture to provide a report with his recommendation for establishing a tradecompliant country of origin labeling program. In his response, repeal of this provision was a clear solution. 
the Chamber this afternoon that will not agree with the answer, but there have been ample opportunities to craft another labeling program that meets our trade responsibilities. 
farm bill, or those individuals wanting a labeling program could have been working on it since last October, when the WTO ruled again that this law violated our trade obligations. 
We are out of time, and the repeal is 
the only option that we have at hand. I urge my colleagues to support the bill that is before us today in order to prevent harm to U.S. jobs, to prevent harm to the United States economy, and to protect the trading relations with our Nation’s strongest partners. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). 
the ranking member for yielding me this time and for taking up this important issue and helping us to better understand the importance of it. 
here today debating a repeal of this important consumer protection law. I don’t know if this bill is a huge overreaction to the WTO decision or it is just an excuse to gut these commonsense country of origin labeling requirements. 
virtually everything imported into the United States. Every piece of clothing you wear has to have a label showing where it was made. Your smartphone has to have a label showing where it was manufactured. Even umbrellas and tablecloths have to list their country of origin. 
But for some reason we are here considering a bill that would make it impossible for parents to know whether the chicken they are serving their family came from the United States or China. Think about that. What consumer, what parent would tell you they don’t care what country the food came from that they are about to serve their children? 
for a minute. First of all, the World Trade Organization ruling said that the 
but doesn’t even consider any complaints from Canada or Mexico about chicken. So why are we voting on a repeal of the labeling requirement for those products? 
ruled about the extent to which country of origin labeling affects exports from Canada and Mexico. And it can’t be much, since Mexico exports more beef into the United States than before this law went into effect. 
We do not have to give in to the WTO 
this easily. These kinds of disputes are frequently settled by negotiations with Canada and Mexico, not by giving up and throwing out an entire set of consumer protections. 
Mr. PETERSON. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. PINGREE. So maybe the powerful special interests behind this repeal are really using this WTO ruling as an excuse to roll back basic righttoknow for American consumers. I don’t think we should let them get away with it. 
America who says, ‘‘I want to know less about the food I am eating.’’ In fact, the opposite is true. 
to know where their food comes from, and they want to buy local food when they can. Buying local has created huge new markets for American farmers, great economic growth in States like mine, like Maine. 
If this bill passes, it will be harder to 
know if the pork chop or hamburger you are buying came from around the corner or around the world. 
consumers; it is good for our farmers and ranchers. Please don’t gut these commonsense requirements. 
like to clarify. We do not import chicken from China, period. And the economic impact estimated for the State of Maine will be something on the order of $74 million every single year in imports that won’t happen. 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Livestock and Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee, I rise in support of this bill, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015, which repeals the country of origin labeling law, also known as COOL. 
make COOL compliant with the World Trade Organization, it has become apparent that full repeal of COOL is unquestionably the right thing to do. 
who are concerned that repeal of COOL may compromise food safety. America had the safest, most trusted food supply in the world before COOL and, let 
me assure you, we will continue to have the safest food supply after this law is repealed. 
Let me explain why. Regardless of origin, if an animal is imported as a live animal, it is harvested in USDAinspected facilities. Additionally, cattle, hogs, and poultry are inspected prior to harvesting as live animals and throughout processing as a meat product. 
If the animal originates and is harvested in a different country, the plant has to have equivalent U.S. safety inspection standards and must be regularly audited by the USDA. The U.S. only imports meat products from countries that meet our standards. Furthermore, a foreign plant that does not fully comply with our standards is not permitted to ship meat into this country. 
ensuring food safety are apart and separate from country of origin labeling. Suppliers in foreign countries will still be expected to comply with the same inspection standards as they have now. 
Ranking Member C OSTA , and the committee staff for their tremendous help and guidance on this important matter. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this legislation to my colleagues and appreciate their support. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). 
as a member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture and the former cochair of the Congressional Chicken Caucus, I rise in support of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
for a heavily rural district, with lots of poultry and beef production in middle and southwest Georgia, I rise to support ending this failed experiment and repealing this harmful government mandate. 
of origin labeling law has caused severe tension between the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Canada and Mexico argue that country of origin labeling has hurt their livestock industries, and they have taken their argument to the World Trade Organization, which has ruled in their favor and against the United States four times. We are now out of appeals. 
and Mexico can now request authorization to retaliate against the United States in order to repair the damages they claim our labeling law has caused to their economies. 
repeal the current COOL regulations on beef, pork, and chicken. If we fail to do so, Canada and Mexico have made clear that they will retaliate against a range 
of U.S. products within a matter of months by imposing onerous tariffs, resulting in higher costs and lost market share for U.S. producers up to $3.5 billion a year. A hit of that magnitude would be devastating to the U.S. pork, beef, and chicken industries. 
for arbitration, I believe we need to repeal this harmful law and correct the situation ourselves before facing overwhelming retaliatory tariffs from Canada and Mexico. 
this bill will not entirely undo the country of origin labeling law, only parts of it. 
will safely remove unnecessary burdens on our beef, pork, and poultry industries; bring us into compliance with our trade obligations; and ensure that we avoid damaging retaliatory tariffs. 
pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID 
about it. I will just tell you this retaliation situation is real from Canada and from Mexico. 
put our agriculture foundation at such a tremendous risk? Canada and Mexico are right now moving to institute retaliatory tariffs against U.S. exports. 
this corrective legislation and act on it right away before the August recess—it is just that important—so we can send a powerful, quick message because Canada has already issued a preliminary retaliation list, targeting our commodities and our manufactured products not just in one State, not just in two States, but in every State in the United States of America, totaling over $3.5 billion in the first year alone. My own State of Georgia will have an impact of losing $180 million. 
right. This country of origin labeling is not about food safety. Let’s not scare the American people into thinking that; we don’t need to make the American people confused or feel that we are doing something to make the food unsafe. 
American economy. We are protecting our agricultural interests. More than anything else, at a time when America needs it the most, we are standing up for America for a change. Protect our farmers. Protect our agricultural economy. Protect our people. 
powerful message that we are not going to stand for Mexico and Canada putting their tariffs on us. We are going to stand firm and protect American interests. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ). 
thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ) for yielding and for all 
of his work on this issue. He has been great at trying to mitigate the problems. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise as a strong supporter of the idea of country of origin labeling, and I think it is a good idea. 
there is no benefit to this. There is great benefit to this. Area of origin labeling allows people to get to know from where their food comes, and that is, I think, incredibly important. 
I don’t think that repeal is the number one preference here. I don’t think that is what we should be doing; we should be fixing the problem, but, because the majority hasn’t been willing to work to fix the problem, we are in a real catch22. 
I rise today in support of this bill because, if it is not repealed, we are going to face tremendous retaliatory acts from both Mexico and Canada, and these are going to be of great fiscal impact to our economy. 
My home State of California, for instance, it is estimated that we will be hit by $1.8 billion worth of retaliatory action. A good part of that comes from my home industry, the wine community; they will be hit heavily. We know what happens. We have seen this movie before, and the end is not good. 
trucking program to deal with the Mexican trucking problems, we were sued. The wine industry was hit with retaliatory actions, and we saw a 25 percent reduction in our business. That was financially devastating not only to California, but this is an industry that puts $160 billion a year into the national economy. This hurt us all. That was bad enough, but it took us 3 years to get back that market share that we had lost. 
and then get on to fixing it right away. I ask that we vote in favor of this bill today. 
now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING), 
who has worked really hard on this particular piece of legislation. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the chairman for yielding and for leading on this issue. 
that wine has informed the meat debate several times here today, and I am glad of that. 
repeal these components of country of origin labeling. I have long held the position that this is a North American market. We don’t treat our best trading partners as well as we should, Mr. Speaker, and that includes Mexico, and it especially includes Canada. 
I often have to go through the list of 
things we have done that turn out to be something that looks like trade protection at least to them. We have done it with steel. We have done it with softwood timber. We have done it when we have BSE circumstances with beef, which did originate in Canada, spilled over to the United States, and they opened up their foreign trade before we did. 
happens when you go a little overboard in an effort to try to establish some trade protectionism. This was driven by the people, especially in the Northwest, that thought that they would get an advantage on their cattle industry in that part of the country. 
Now, we are looking at these sanctions which, by my numbers, likely go to somewhere in the area of $3.15 billion in sanctions between Canada and Mexico. Mr. Speaker, 85 percent of our consumers don’t even look at the label to see where that comes from. 
is nothing that would prohibit in the aftermath of this legislation. The consumer is saying: I would like to know if this pig was born in Canada and fed in the United States. 
is, there is a lot of U.S. capital that is invested also, especially in farrowing operations in Canada. When the exchange rate was even more advantageous than it is today, a lot of U.S. dollars went into Canada to establish farrowing operations to raise pigs up there because they could isolate in order to do disease prevention and because it was a good investment; then those isowean pigs came down to the United States. 
pigs coming down; 4 million of them came to Iowa. A third of the pork raised in the United States is from my State, and they are at a disadvantage because of this country of origin labeling. It penalizes, Mr. Speaker, the very people we are trying to help. 
I urge the adoption of this bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). 
Mr. Speaker, I am an original cosponsor of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act. 
As it has been discussed in this debate, the WTO has made its fourth and final ruling against the United States. Farmers and ranchers in my district in Texas will be hit with tariffs if we don’t act right away. COOL has already put a burden on the beef, chicken, and pork producers in the State of Texas. 
For example, Texas cattlemen are required to spend another $35 to $45 per animal just to comply with complex cattle identification requirements mandated by COOL. This cost will only get worse if retaliatory tariffs are implemented on our exports, tariffs which are completely legal under the World Trade Organization agreement that we have. For example, I have spoken to my 
friends on the other side of the river, on the Mexican side, and they said that the American products that will be hit by tariffs include beef, wine, corn, corn syrup, furniture, dairy products, machinery, and a range of fruits and vegetables. That doesn’t even include the tariffs that the Canadians will put, which probably includes jewelry, bread, beef, tomato products, and other goods. 
and we should pass the amendments to this COOL bill that we have to remove the threat of those tariffs completely. 
pork that is ‘‘made in the U.S.’’ We only ask that this be voluntary labeling. We should act quickly to avoid those tariffs, so we don’t punish those farmers and ranchers in the State of Texas. 
chairman for all the good work they have done. 
inquire as to how much time is left on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 16 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Minnesota has 16 minutes remaining. 
now my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Chairman C ONAWAY for his leadership in bringing the repeal of the COOL amendments to the House floor so quickly. 
Committee colleagues for their bipartisan support in passing the repeal of the COOL amendments out of the committee. 
or origin labeling, has nothing to do with food safety. It is a mandatory marketing program. The USDA stamp of inspection ensures consumers the meat we eat is safe and wholesome, not COOL. 
U.S. has lost its last three appeals in the WTO to Canada and Mexico regarding COOL. Both countries are ready to retaliate against us, as we have heard, to the tune of billions of dollars, thus hurting our ag sector and American jobs. 
Vilsack has said that only a legislative fix of COOL would bring the U.S. back into compliance. 
fellow colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment. 
yield 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). 
will vote on the administration’s request for trade promotion authority. 
his speech at Nike: ‘‘Critics warn that parts of this deal, the TransPacific Partnership, would undermine American regulation—food safety, worker safety, even financial regulations. They’re making this stuff up. This is not true. No trade agreement is going to force us to change our laws.’’ 
by the Senate, passed by the House. It is the law of the land. Yet today, the House of Representatives is getting ready to repeal country of origin labeling. Why? Because the World Trade Organization ruled against it, a trade agreement ruled against it. 
said, trade agreements have a direct effect on our sovereignty. They have the ability to uproot domestic laws here in the United States. Members and the public need to know what we are opening ourselves up to when we sign these trade agreements. Literally no area of United States law is safe: food safety, drug safety, consumer protection, environmental protection, health care, label rights, DoddFrank, even the minimum wage. 
In fact, today’s trade agreements, including the TPP, go further than the WTO rules. They allow challenges to U.S. laws not only by governments, but also by foreign and domestic multinational corporations who can circumvent U.S. courts and seek a remedy in an independent tribunal. 
Today, the casualty is country of origin labeling. I was conferree on the farm bill in 2008 with my colleague Ranking Member PETERSON . I helped to 
work to author the language that expanded the country of origin labeling. I have worked on this issue for many years as a member and a former chair of the Agriculture Appropriations Committee. I am proud of that record. 
food comes from. American farmers and ranchers deserve the opportunity to distinguish their products. It is an economic truism that complete and accurate information is one of the cornerstones of a free market. More than a decade of polling data proves that American consumers consistently and overwhelmingly want country of origin labeling, and frequently by majorities of more than 90 percent. 
has repeatedly ruled provision of information to consumers to be a legitimate goal for domestic regulations. In light of that ruling, I agree that we should seek to protect American exporters by avoiding retaliatory sanctions, but that has not yet become necessary. It has been less than a week since Canada and Mexico filed their retaliatory tariff requests. The WTO Dispute Settlement Body will not consider it for another week. 
will be approved. Canada and Mexico have asked for $3 billion, but they must 
prove that they have been harmed, and that could be difficult. 
A study by Dr. Robert Taylor of Auburn University found that in the case of Canada, COOL had no significant negative impact on either imports of cattle or the price of imported cattle relative to domestic cattle. Instead, Dr. Taylor concluded the decrease in exports was likely the result of the global recession and a weak recovery. Even if harm is found and retaliation is approved, it will probably not go into effect for several months. 
There is plenty of time to look for a 
reasonable resolution, as we have done previously. More than 60 other countries have mandatory labeling requirements. So it seems there is a scope to find an acceptable way forward without compromising U.S. sovereignty. It is much too early for outright appeal, but that is what this bill does. Indeed, it is unprecedented for Congress to intervene so early in the WTO process. 
the scope of the WTO ruling. It would repeal country of origin labeling on chicken, which is not addressed in the ruling, and on ground beef and ground pork, which the tribunal explicitly found compliant. 
this issue? I am forced to conclude that this bill is, in fact, a veiled attempt by the meatpacking industry to deny consumers their right to know where their meat and poultry is coming from. Is it 
coming from China? Is it coming from Australia? Is it coming from New Zealand? Where is it coming from? 
of 283 agricultural organizations wrote to Chairman CONAWAY and to Ranking 
Member P ETERSON urging them to reject the repeal of country of origin labeling. Farmers, rural advocates, faith groups, environmentalists, labor unions, farmworkers, manufacturers, consumer groups all oppose this ill conceived and premature repeal. Why are we not listening to them? 
Mr. PETERSON. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
outset, the context for this bill is a failure of U.S. trade policy. The administration tells us that trade agreements do not alter domestic laws. Clearly, this is false. 
sides of the aisle, beware of the road that you go down today. Beware of a trade agreement that puts American sovereignty at risk. 
mind and in that context as we vote on this bill today and, in addition to that, when we come to debate the TransPacific Partnership agreement and grant fasttrack authority on that agreement. 
In the meantime, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. 
opposing what we are trying to do here today. As you look through that list of organizations that is cited, it is not surprising to find that several have consistently advocated for policies that are intentionally destructive to animal agriculture. So it is no wonder that these groups support a policy that imposes a heavyhanded financial burden on livestock producers, processors, and, ultimately, consumers. 
gentleman for yielding, and I rise today in support of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act. 
a rich agricultural State, and we have a rich agricultural heritage. Illinois is a national leader in corn and soybean, but also beef and pork production. If Congress does not act to address this issue of labeling, products in my State could face higher tariffs from Canada and Mexico to the tune of $880 million worth of goods. 
American agriculture and support the underlying legislation in order to avoid this harmful measure. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). 
Ranking Member P ETERSON for yielding me this time, and I rise in support of maintaining food labeling for the American people. 
overwhelmingly support country of origin labeling. I certainly look for those labels when I go to the store. It ensures that the public knows the source of their food. What could be more important? In fact, American producers want to share that information because it is a way to differentiate their products in an increasingly international marketplace. 
supported by America’s farmers and ranchers, who are proud of what they produce. Restoring local food markets, in fact, is a growing trend across the Midwest and the whole country. Farmers and ranchers know that people are 
demanding more and more information about their food. Restaurateurs are putting on their menus ‘‘local beef,’’ ‘‘local pork,’’ and ‘‘local chicken.’’ 
the ability to market their products with pride because the label has integrity. The widespread support for country of origin labeling is what led to its enactment and implementation in the 2002, 2008, and 2014 Farm Bills. The trend is very clear. 
country of origin labeling are simply veiled attempts to gut these laws for meat—for beef, for pork, for chicken, three arenas that are completely controlled by a few processing companies. It is just like the book that Upton Sinclair wrote at the beginning of the 20th 
Opponents are pressing for less information for consumers, not more. They want to hide the product’s origin. 
undermine food labeling. They argue it is necessary because of the World Trade Organization decision that puts Canada and Mexico at a disadvantage. Well, this bill, as such, was never even raised in the WTO dispute, and labeling is supported by the WTO. The WTO dispute never addressed chicken. It has explicitly ruled U.S. labeling requirements for pork and beef are legal. And more importantly, Canada’s claims of $3 billion in economic loss due to COOL are absolutely unfounded. The data is not even publicly available, and they are unsubstantiated. 
The bottom line is the rationale behind this bill is a clear example of what is wrong with our trade policy. Congress should not let a few meatpacking companies use trade disputes as an excuse to gut important consumer protections and the rights of farmers in this country. It is our duty to protect American consumers, American farmers, and American ranchers, not the trade interests of any other country. Our people deserve a right to know where their food is produced and where it comes from. 
to the current animal agriculture businesses as being associated with those horrible circumstances of the Upton Sinclair book. My guess, Mr. Speaker, is they would be vehemently opposed to that comment because their practices today do not remotely reflect those in Upton Sinclair’s book. 
from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ), a valued member of the committee. 
communities in Michigan’s Fourth Congressional District. With over 10,000 farms and 15,000 farm operators, approximately $1.7 billion in products from our area are sold across the country and around the world. 
mandates country of origin labeling threatens the success of agricultural exports. It is unnecessary. It imposes a heavy burden on our farmers. It puts our agricultural exports at risk, and it needs to be repealed. 
the World Trade Organization, it is apparent that severe consequences could result and that our trading partners and neighbors could penalize Americanmade products sold in those countries with steep tariffs. 
it will put tariffs on beef, pork, and cherries if the current labeling law is not repealed. Manufactured goods, including office furniture, would also be subjected to tariffs. H.R. 2393 passed the Agriculture 
Committee on a bipartisan vote of 38–6. It is a good bill, and it repeals the current labeling law. It will eliminate the possibility of steep tariffs and let Michigan farmers and manufacturers focus on creating jobs and growing their businesses without worrying about more regulations or retaliation. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). 
COOL was perhaps a worthwhile effort at the time but, unfortunately, has outlived its usefulness and its appropriateness. Country of origin labeling, well intended, has started to cause irreparable harm to producers in the Pacific Northwest. Beef and hog producers are facing serious problems trying to work things through the packing plant. 
have a global market. That needs to be recognized. It is harming not just Canada and Mexico, but Pacific Northwest producers. That point has to be driven home. 
tariffs in the Pacific Northwest. Some of our premier crops are wine, cherries, apples, cheese, potatoes. 
but we lost four times at the WTO. We tried to fix it. We worked on it in the farm bill last goaround last year— couldn’t get it done. We are facing these retaliatory tariffs right now. Let’s repeal it, and let’s move on. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. BLUM). 
thank you and your committee for your hard work on this most important legislation. 
support to the passage of H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015. 
country of origin labeling requirements for muscle cuts of beef and pork. Unfortunately, the World Trade Organization issued the final judgment of a longrunning case brought by Canada, ending all doubt that COOL violates U.S. trade obligations. 
markets, Canada and Mexico, are moving to institute retaliatory duties against U.S. products, including $1.3 billion of products from Iowa. Canada has published their list of retaliatory targets, including those aforementioned meat cuts, but also corn, fructose, cereals from my district, along with products from districts all across the United States. 
list, but is likely to include some of the same cornbased products and perhaps even include ethanal. It is critically important that COOL 
requirements be repealed to comply with existing trade obligations as soon as possible. Implementations of these tariffs would negatively affect a great deal of farmers and processors in my district and across Iowa. 
I urge the House to pass this legislation today and the Senate to act swiftly to avoid these potentially devastating economic consequences. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). 
of the House, I want to join my colleagues in rising in opposition to this important consumer and farmer protection legislation. Someone said it earlier; knowledge is power. When people know where something comes from, it gives them some very clear ideas about what the content of it may be. 
been pointed out here, is really quite, quite, quite premature. We need to let this process play itself out. There may very well need to be a fix here on this whole matter, but right now, it hasn’t really been conclusively proven that the Canadian and the Mexican claims are valid. There has been some suggestions that perhaps they are not. Of course, this legislation goes way beyond the scope of the dispute at hand here. 
Mr. PETERSON , and all my other colleagues for standing up in opposition to this legislation. Let’s let the process play itself out, and then, when and if it is necessary, we can fix things at that time. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
side wants to have retaliation, but, again, we believe this is premature right at this moment. 
are going to be found, if any. We just feel that repeal is not where we are going to end up and where we should end up. We understand this needs to be fixed, but I think there is another way to do it short of repeal. 
At this point, because of that, I encourage people to vote against the bill. I kind of understand where this is going, but, as it gets over to the Senate, we will figure out a way to work through this so that we end up not having any retaliation. 
can figure out where their food is coming from. It would be ironic, if this repeal would happen to get through the 
Senate and signed by the President, you wouldn’t be able to find out where your chicken or beef or pork came from, as I said earlier, but you will be able to find out where all the other ag products come from, which I think most consumers would see as kind of ridiculous. 
the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
that no one wants the retaliatory measures to be put into place. A ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill that we will take up on the floor here shortly will assure that of happening. 
on deaf ears. Four years of arguing with the Canadians and the Mexicans in the world court in this deal has left ample time to have come to some sort of conclusion if, in fact, there was a deal out there. 
issue as decisively and resoundingly as Canada and Mexico did, we wouldn’t negotiate either. We have no leverage; we have none to leverage against Mexico and Canada to get some sort of a deal that might fix this without the repeal. 
of country of origin labeling; it is not about the merits of people knowing where their food comes from. We are beyond that point. We lost four straight times. 
upheld in the court in our trade obligation, then it would have prevailed, but it didn’t. This isn’t about people knowing where their food comes from. This is about avoiding the retaliatory measures that will be implemented by Canada and Mexico. 
know where their food comes from, if you walk up to a normal person on the street and ask them that question, I am surprised it is not 100 percent of Americans who would say: Yes, I want to know where that food comes from. 
the grocery store and they go up to the meat counter, they buy based on price and quality of the meat and what it looks like. They are not looking at the label; 85 percent of them couldn’t care less. 
and you order chicken or beef or pork or fish or whatever, you have no clue where that came from. You trust the safety network that we have in place at USDA to make sure that that beef or that chicken, that pork, that whatever, is, in fact, safe for you. 
depriving the American people of information that they desperately need in order to make informed consumer decisions, again, falls on deaf ears. 
Mexico is not a stranger to retaliatory measures. As my colleague from California mentioned earlier, they implemented those measures in 2011 as a result of a trucking case that we also lost in that regard, and it took the wine industry 3 years to recoup and get back to where they were when those retaliatory measures went in. 
pork rinds were also targeted. We had testimony from an individual from New Mexico that said they lost 15 percent of their business as a result of Mexico including pork rinds on the retaliatory 
measure. Somewhere between pork rinds and wine, you have got some products that are going to be impacted by this. 
going to come happen are already having a chilling effect on commerce between our three countries. If you are a wine distributor in Canada, you are not going to make any kind of longterm deals with the United States until you know whether or not what the impact is going to be. Commerce right now is being affected; hence, time is of the essence to get this behind us and move forward. 
I would also argue that most Members down here would be very quick to argue and demand, quite frankly, that our trading partners around the world live up to their obligations, and we demand that. We get on our high horse, and we thump our chest like crazy, demanding that other folks live up to their agreements. That is what this is. 
of the way. We have an agreement that says we will treat our trading partners certain ways. We crafted a law that broke that deal. We are now being demanded and required to live up to our trade obligations. This is no different than us trying to force all the other countries around the world to live up to their obligations as well. 
exports from these retaliatory measures that are unnecessary to happen. If consumers want their business and want to know where their food comes from, we can certainly craft a voluntary program that allows the market to exploit that information if, in fact, consumers want that. 
prevent us from creating some sort of a voluntary program that would, in fact, give consumers that information without being in violation of our trade agreements with our partners. 
bill, avoid these retaliatory measures, which are totally unnecessary, if we would, in fact, do the work we are supposed to do. 
put together the work on this. They have been incredibly diligent. I know the folks on the other side as well have worked hard on this. 
agreement; we just couldn’t get there, but I want to thank my team for the great work that they have done in getting us to that point. 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, consumers deserve greater access to information about where their meat comes from, which is why I have always believed Country of Origin Labeling (COOL) is a critical tool for American families and ranchers. 
disappointed by the World Trade Organization’s recent ruling against COOL. While I don’t necessarily concur with the WTO’s conclusions, I agree with my colleagues that something ought to be done to make COOL workable and prevent any damages against our agriculture industry. After all, it is essential that South Dakota farmers and ranchers can continue to be competitive in the export market. 
The COOL repeal bill that the House is considering today, however, is premature. By moving on this legislation just weeks after the WTO ruling, we do not have the time necessary to explore what other options may be available. We owe it to consumers and producers to thoroughly consider alternatives. For these reasons, I am voting against the bill. 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE ACTIONS AND POLICIES OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF BELARUS AND OTHER PERSONS TO UNDERMINE BELARUS’S DEMOCRATIC PROCESSES OR INSTITUTIONS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–42) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to 
enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to the actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2015. 
members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions, to commit human rights abuses related to political repression, and to engage in public corruption continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13405 with respect to Belarus. 
I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2685 and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. POEin the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As I rise to present the House Appropriations Committee’s recommendation for the fiscal year 2016 Department of Defense Appropriations bill, there are nearly 200,000 servicemen and 
women serving abroad, doing the work of freedom on every continent, and there are many more at home who are serving in every one of our States—Active, Guard and Reserve—all volunteers. We are grateful to them and their families. 
some of the language and terms that will be part of our vocabulary during this debate over the next 24 hours— phrases like ‘‘sequester’’ and ‘‘continuing resolution,’’ ‘‘Budget Control Act,’’ ‘‘overseas contingency account,’’ and the ‘‘global war on terrorism account’’—but they have every expectation that they will have our united, bipartisan support for this bill whether they serve aboard a ship, fly through airspace, or provide overwatch on land to support a military mission. This legislation was developed after 12 hearings, many briefings, travel to the Middle East and Europe, and countless staff hours, with those who serve us, military and civilian, very much in mind. 
and cooperative effort, for which I thank my good friend, the ranking member, PETEVISCLOSKY . It has been a 
pleasure to work with him. We are both fortunate to have committee members who are engaged and committed so much to this product. We are grateful for the support of Chairman ROGERS  
$578 billion in discretionary spending, an increase of $24.4 billion over the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. This topline includes $88.4 billion in the global war on terrorism funding for war efforts, and it is at the level assumed in the HouseSenate budget conference agreement. I would point out that our House total is very close to the number President Obama submitted in his fiscal year 2016 budget request for national defense. Of course, the base funding recommendation is just over $490 billion, which reflects the budget caps enacted in 2011 as part of the Budget Control Act, signed by President Obama. 
reviewed in detail the President’s submission and found areas and programs where reductions were possible without harming military operations, warfighter readiness, or critical modernization efforts. Please be assured we made every dollar count. To do so, we have taken reductions from programs that have been restructured or terminated, subject to contract or schedule delays, contain unjustified cost increases or funding requested ahead of need, or because of historical underexecution and rescissions of unneeded funds. 
our troops and their families by including a 2.3 percent pay increase, a full percentage above the President’s own request. It also provides general funding to their benefits and critical defense health programs. In another key area, this package contains robust 
funding to counter serious worldwide cyber threats—now an everyday occurrence. 
the world is a much more dangerous, unstable, and unpredictable place than it was in 2011 when the Budget Control Act was signed into law by President Obama. The budget caps developed back then could never have envisioned the emerging and evolving threats that we are seeing today in the Middle East, North Africa, Asia, Eastern Europe, and elsewhere. 
threats and to meet our constitutional responsibilities to provide for the common defense, we developed, in a bipartisan way, a bill that adheres to the current law and provides additional resources to end catastrophic cuts to military programs and people. These additional resources are included in title IX, the global war on terrorism account. That account has been carefully vetted to assure its warrelated uses. 
President’s base budget for this year and past budget requests, and it has identified those systems and programs that are absolutely connected to our ongoing fight against threats presented by ISIL, al Qaeda, alNusrah, the Khorasan Group, Boko Haram, and other radical terrorist organizations, including the Iranian Quds Force. 
military and intelligence community will need to meet ongoing challenges of nationstate aggressors like Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and others. Not surprisingly, we have heard objections about the use of title IX to boost our topline national security spending in this bill. Frankly, I do not believe there is anyone on either side of the Capitol who believes this should be our first goto option. Rather, it is a process we undertake as a last resort to make sure our troops can answer the call amid a worsening threat environment around the world. 
about what went into this global war on terrorism account. We resisted the temptation to simply transfer large portions of the base bill’s operations and maintenance accounts into the global war on terrorism account. We painstakingly worked to provide needed resources for the preparation of our forces in the field whenever a crisis may exist or develop in the future, like the current unfolding disaster which is Iraq. 
In a recent Statement of Administration Policy, the White House asserted that the global war on terrorism funding—the old OCO account, the overseas contingency account—in their words is a ‘‘funding mechanism intended to pay for wars.’’ I could not agree more, and that is why we enforce that account to provide President Obama with the funding resources he needs to lead us as Commander in Chief. Within that 
surveillance, and reconnaissance— ISR—capability is a critical component of the global war on terror; yet a succession of combatant commanders has testified before our committee that only a fraction of their ISR requirements is being met, in essence, leaving them blind to the enemy’s activities, movements, and intentions. Accordingly, the global war on terrorism account contains an additional $500 million above the President’s 2016 request to improve our ISR capabilities: the procurement of additional ISR aircraft and ground stations, the training of ISR pilots and other personnel, and the 
Army, Air Force, and Marines about the overall erosion of readiness in the force. So, to begin to reinvest in readiness, title IX includes an additional $2.5 billion above the President’s request for this purpose to be distributed to all of our services and to the Guard and Reserves. I would add that this sum must be detailed and justified to Congress 30 days before it is spent. 
the President the tools he needs to act. For example, when he finally does develop a longawaited, complete, and comprehensive strategy to combat ISIL and other terrorist groups, we have provided in this bill the resources he will need to execute his plans. I 
think we would all agree that America must lead, and this bill enables leadership. 
The Washington Post recently editorialized on the defense authorization bill: ‘‘There isn’t much bipartisan governance left in Washington, but if anything fits that description, it’s probably the annual defense bill.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, this bill deserves bipartisan support, and after many hours of productive debate, I look forward to a bipartisan vote. Our troops deserve it. Our national security requires it. Our adversaries need to see it. 
Insert offset folio 657/1 here EH10JN15.001rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Appropriations Act FY 2016 {H.~. 2060) 
United States Court of Appeals toe the Armed Forces 
Tot a 1 . Ti tlo II, Operation '"" maintenancr; (Amounts in Thousands} 
Insert offset folio 657/2 here EH10JN15.002rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Approprlal.lons Act I"Y 2016 (H.~. LllilO) 
Total, Title V, Revolv·ing and Management Funds FY 2015 
Insert offset folio 657/3 here EH10JN15.003rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Appropriat.1ons Act I"Y ZOlO (H.R_ L055) 
Insert offset folio 657/4 here EH10JN15.004rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment oT Defense Appropriatlons Act FY 20\D (11.1<. ('tlll:'\) 
Fisher House O&M Army Navy Air Force transfer authority 
Insert offset folio 657/5 here EH10JN15.005rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepartment of Defense Approprlat.lons Act t'Y LOHl (M.R. 251.15) 
Insert offset folio 657/6 here EH10JN15.006rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSELl<Jpartment of Defense Approprlatlons Act f'Y 2010 (H.R. 20$5) 
Insert offset folio 657/7 here EH10JN15.007rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDep<:ntmer1t of Defense) Appropriations Act FY 20i6 (H R, 2685) 
Joint !mprov i sed Expl osl ve Device Defeat Fund 
Insert offset folio 657/8 here EH10JN15.008rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDeportment of Defense Ap;:woprl at< ons Act r'Y ;?_() 1 t) \H. R. 2685) 
Navy transfer to John C Stennis Center for Public 
Title IX O&M, Navy transfer to Coast Guard, Qp.Exp 
Insert offset folio 657/9 here EH10JN15.009rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDepi:H·tmtJnt of Defen~E:J Appn>pri<Hions A<.::t f'Y 2011:\ (H.R. 2685) 
pharmacy ICon so! i dated Health Plan proposa Is 
41 Budget request docs not break out total recommended 
NOTE: Jn FY 2015, tho amount provided for Space 
my appreciation to my good friend, Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , and to congratulate him on the collegial and the transparent manner in which he has crafted this legislation. 
I also want to express my sincere appreciation for the efforts of Chairman HALROGERS , Ranking Member N ITA 
LOWEY , and of all the members of the 
been written without the dedication, long hours, discerning judgment, and thoughtful input of our committee staff and personal staffs. I thank them very much. 
The chairman has fully and fairly described the bill we are considering today. I believe he has accurately described the very dangerous and unpredictable world in which we live. As such, I will enter my detailed comments on the bill for the RECORD . Instead, I want to use my time during general debate to discuss the albatross around Congress’ neck—the Budget Control Act of 2011. 
plenty of buyer’s remorse from the 187 current House Members who voted in favor of the Budget Control Act, it has proven to be an extremely resilient— yet utterly ineffective—piece of law. We have seen short postponements of sequestration. We have seen 2year alleviations of the budget caps. Yet we find ourselves nearly 5 years since its enactment far from the consensus needed to repeal the law. Further, the continued halfhearted attempts to fix the Budget Control Act are almost as detrimental to the law, itself, as they add to the Nation’s uncertainty. 
Additionally, it is becoming increasingly difficult to point to any positive changes in our fiscal situation as a result. While intended to reduce the budget deficit through spending limits and reductions, our national debt has increased by 24.5 percent since the enactment of the legislation, mainly because the committees that are not truly constrained by discretionary spending caps continue to push politically popular legislation with little regard for its impact on the Federal budget. 
Congress passed legislation that permanently fixed the longstanding issues with Medicare’s payment rates for physician services. According to the Congressional Budget Office, this fix will result in a $141 billion increase in Federal budget deficits over the next 10 years; yet the measure sailed through both Houses of Congress with very little opposition, and it was greeted by a cheerful signing statement at the White House. After 17 temporary measures, it is clear that a permanent doctor fix was long overdue. However, I believe it illustrates my larger point that we are nowhere close to having a sincere conversation about our deficits 
while nondiscretionary spending and a lack of revenue continue to, largely, get a free pass. 
stop whistling past the graveyard and confront the continued growth and mandatory spending, while simultaneously increasing revenues, our committee—the Appropriations Committee—has no choice but to carry out the implausible mandate contained in the Budget Control Act and try to control deficits with jurisdiction over only 34 percent of one half of the Federal Ledger. 
It does not help, I fear, that a majority of our colleagues have no idea when the fiscal year starts except that that is when you shut the government down. I despair that most think continuing resolutions are the norm and that sequestration is not all that bad, and that there is some delight every time a civilian Federal employee is furloughed. To me, all are symptoms of failure. 
waste by not finishing Congress’ work on time, enacting innumerable continuing resolutions, and vacillating from one top line to another is deplorable. Whether it is a Federal agency, a State, other political subdivisions, a nonprofit organization, contractors, or an allied nation all have been less efficient in recent years because of the constant uncertainty surrounding the Federal Government’s finances. 
year since the Budget Control Act’s enactment, there have been attempts to alter the caps on defense and nondefense spending. Two years ago, the House and Senate had allocations that were $91 billion apart, yet the suballocation for defense was only about $4 billion as far as a difference. Both were in excess of the caps. Needless to say, we ended up at a point somewhere between the two, but only after we wasted an incredible amount of time, and shut down the Federal Government. 
ago, the fiscal year 2016 process is careening toward a similar fate. This fiscal year, the President got the process started by submitting a budget request that did not comply with the limitations mandated by the Budget Control Act across all budgeted fiscal years. The majority party’s response to the President was to pass a budget resolution that purports to abide by the caps for fiscal year 2016 for defense and nondefense discretionary spending, yet evades the defense cap by proposing $38 billion above the President’s budget request for overseas contingency operations—for purposes of this act, the global war on terror. Despite the objections of the Secretary of Defense, this additional funding was further entrenched by the recently passed fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act. There is no question that Presidents 
Bush and Obama, the Department of Defense, and Congress have been complicit since 2001 in using emergency war funding to resource enduring requirements for the military. For the past few years, despite the constraints of the Budget Control Act, the Defense Subcommittee, led by my good friend Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , has begun 
to make strides in limiting what is an eligible expense for OCO and shift activities to the base budget; and he is doing exactly the right thing. This was done because it is increasingly difficult, after 14 years, to argue that this operational tempo for our military is a contingency and not the new normal in defending our great Nation and our interests. 
reliance on contingency funding very troubling—and not because I object to providing additional funds for the Department of Defense. I agree with the Department, and I agree with the chairman that sticking to the caps for defense spending would necessitate our forces assuming unreasonable risk in carrying out our national defense strategy. 
we need a strong nation as well as a strong defense. We cannot continue to let our country deteriorate, with interstate bridges that collapse and kill our citizens, meaningful scientific research that atrophies, and a population whose educational attainment falls further and further behind. 
Pollyannaish among us fails to see that we will be in the throes of another crisis in December. Our time, our staff’s time, Congress’ time, the country’s time should not be wasted any longer. The President of the United States and the leaders of both parties of both Houses ought to start meaningful negotiations now so that they can conclude before October 1 to allow this great committee, the Committee on Appropriations, to again do the business of the country in an orderly, thoughtful, and timely fashion. 
I stress, this is not an issue of process. Congress should not be searching for ways to alter the process in order to avoid making hard decisions on an annual basis. This is a matter of will, and we need to use the power of the purse to its fullest. 
I would close, relative to the legislation before us, given the constraints that this committee faces, by observing that Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and 
the subcommittee have done an exceptional job in putting this bill together. In particular, the chairman has been meticulous with the $37.5 billion added to title IX of this bill. He has avoided the easy path. Rather, he has painstakingly worked to provide the needed resources for the preparation of our forces in the field. Further, the chair was very thoughtful in his construction of the base portion of the bill, and 
stability needed for our military personnel—as the chairman emphasized, its readiness—and it preserves our industrial base. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), 
high. We are confronted with escalating Russian and Chinese aggression, threats from ISIL and other Islamic terrorist groups, burgeoning nuclear programs in countries like North Korea, and ongoing war in Syria, Yemen, Libya, and other places. We just don’t know what may sprout up next. 
we can ensure that our military forces are ready and able to meet whatever challenges may arise. We can make very sure that our troops and commanders have the tools and support that they need to protect this great Nation and our way of life. 
billion in discretionary funding. That is $24.4 billion above last year’s level and includes $88.4 billion to ensure that we can meet the needs of our military as they fight the global war on terrorism. 
the caps set by the Budget Control Act, as well as the Housepassed Defense Authorization bill. Within this total, the bill prioritizes military readiness, providing $219 billion for operation and maintenance programs that keep our troops trained and prepared to respond quickly and decisively. 
The bill also provides priority funding to ensure that our Armed Forces are supplied with the equipment and the weapons that they need to conduct successful military operations. 
best in the world, and this bill ensures that it stays that way. We invest $67.9 billion in research and development that will keep us on the cutting edge of defense technology and enable us to meet a wide range of future threats to our security. 
the brave men and women in uniform who sacrifice so much in their service to this Nation. We must keep morale high and provide for the health and wellbeing of our warfighters and their families. So the bill includes a 2.3 percent pay raise for our troops. That is more than the President requested. 
Defense Health Program to meet all estimated needs this year. This funding includes important increases above the President’s request for things like cancer research, traumatic brain injury and psychological health research, and 
appropriations bill accomplishes all of this but also takes important steps to streamline spending at the Pentagon, ensuring that no dollar goes to waste and that we live within our means. 
I want to thank Chairman FRELING HUYSEN and his subcommittee staff and 
members and his very trusted ranking member for their good bipartisan teamwork on this bill. The chairman and ranking member demonstrated ironclad commitment to our troops and to the security of this Nation with this bill. I would also like to acknowledge the hardworking staff, Mr. Chairman. They spent many, many hours preparing this bill for consideration by us today. 
all else—we must provide for the national defense of the United States. Nothing can exist—not our domestic government, not our private enterprise, not our freedoms—without ensuring that that basic need is met. 
Our national security is far too important to fall victim to political games. We can’t risk having an underfunded military during these uncertain times, and our troops deserve unfailing, unanimous support as they lay their lives on the line. No political games on this bill, Mr. Chairman. This is for real. 
These are bipartisan priorities addressed in a bipartisan way, and I want to see that our colleagues send a strong message to our military showing our support and our willingness to sacrifice for them. I urge support of this bill on this floor. 
yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the 
particularly want to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member 
far apart in their approach to the appropriations process. Our differences were plainly evident during consideration of the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution. Not one of my Democratic colleagues supported the majority’s budget because it maintained sequestration levels. As the President said: the majority has returned our economy to the same topdown economics that has failed us before and slashes investments in the middle class that we need to grow the economy. 
appropriations bills, my majority colleagues argued strenuously that allocations at the sequester level were nonnegotiable. They argued our committee was hamstrung by the Budget Control Act and that we were powerless to renegotiate another sequester relief 
package, as had been done under the MurrayRyan agreement 2 years ago. At the same time, others on our committee told the press that ‘‘pressure would build’’ to address sequestration or pass a continuing resolution because sequesterlevel bills cannot be enacted. 
be operating under a different set of rules, with funding over the magical sequester level, a level we were told was the law of the land. It was not cut below the President’s request, as were all the other nondefense bills. By using $38 billion in overseas contingency operations funding to plug the hole created by the budget caps, this bill fully funds defense programs and avoids the inadequacies facing the other bills. 
Let me be very, very clear. I am not 
making a case that the Defense bill is too high or advocating that it should be reduced. We live in a very dangerous world. We need to attend to our defense, but we should do so in a responsible fashion. 
Our military leaders have discouraged the use of the overseas contingency operations/global war on terror budget to fund regular defense costs. They contend that doing so undermines the Defense Department’s ability to plan over the long term. Funding $38 billion of the Pentagon’s regular base budget activities with war funds creates futureyear budget caps that would be difficult to fill. 
only one of the budget imperatives, creating clear losers in most of the other appropriation bills. 
is, I fear my majority colleagues would mentally move on; the urgency facing the entire appropriations process would fade because we have ‘‘taken care of’’ our national security needs. 
strategy, especially given that we know none of these bills are likely to be signed into law by the President as they are currently written. 
DAVIS of Illinois). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L OWEY ) 
fact now or deal with it again over the holidays, but we are going to have to deal with it. 
their families live in every one of our communities. They drive on crowded highways and over crumbling bridges. Most of them send their kids to public schools. 
products they buy to be safe and the airplanes in which they fly to be protected. If they should ever get sick, they need to have the biomedical research in place so that safe and effective treatments are available to them. 
What is not reasonable is to put forward several annual spending bills that mindlessly cut these priorities simply because we can’t agree on a reasonable budget. 
strength are inextricably linked. Let’s get back to the table and set realistic spending caps to provide what is needed both for our national security and to create jobs, improve infrastructure, fund biomedical research, and grow the economy. 
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Indiana has 14
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRENSHAW ), a member of the Defense Appropriations Committee and a member of my subcommittee. 
the hard work they have put into bringing the bill before us today. I think, arguably, this is the most important issue we face every year. 
I think the number one responsibility of the Federal Government is to protect American lives, and we work to do that every day. We talked about the fact that the best way to keep America safe is to keep America strong. I think that, if you look back, here we are a year later, and not much has changed. 
element of what we do here. Back home in northeast Florida, the constituents that I represent are greatly concerned about national security. They are greatly concerned about the men and women in uniform and greatly concerned that they will have the necessary resources to accomplish their mission successfully and return home safely. 
don’t get caught up in the politics of the moment and lose sight of the fact that we have a constitutional responsibility to provide for the common defense. 
Chairman, that, when we look at the everincreasing dangerous world that we live in, I think we have to meet these challenges head on. 
most of everything that we have accomplished as a great nation, we have accomplished with the foundation built on national security. This bill moves us forward down that path. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), a member of 
tremendous work of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY , and the Appropriations staff in 
by the leadership of this House than to have it cloaked in unfinished budget wrangling that could force future changes harmful to the defense of our Nation. 
The bill before us funds key priorities, such as assuring the strongest, most agile and resilient military on Earth; securing base and operational independence through energy innovation; improving defense health for the lives of our military and civilian forces; advancing cuttingedge research at our defense labs to improve efficiency on the battlefield and drive technology transfer to the private sector to grow our economy; and maintaining and upgrading essential defense facilities across our Nation and globe. 
still address lingering veteran unemployment of over half a million Americans, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. A majority are 45 years of age or older, but over 200,000 are between the ages of 18 and 44. 
Guard can be leveraged to address this imperative, engaging their talents to meet domestic needs. 
world, the United States holds a special responsibility to uphold commitments made in the Budapest Memorandum to Ukraine and our allies in Central Europe. This was recently reaffirmed by President Obama and German Chancellor Merkel at the G7 summit. 
threat to liberty everywhere. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine cannot be tolerated. Tough sanctions on Russia and enforcement of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act lay the base for liberty’s advance. 
Those Members who in good conscience ultimately will vote ‘‘no’’ on this measure will do so to fight for a responsible budget plan that not only meets the needs of our men and women in unform, but builds up the Nation and citizenry they are fighting to protect. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ), a member of 
the Appropriation Committee, for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Chairman FRELING HUYSEN , I would like to thank you and 
your staff for all your hard work in crafting this Defense Appropriations bill. 
As a marine veteran, a current member of the Mississippi National Guard, and a former member of the House Armed Services Committee, I fully understand the importance of this legislation. 
United States Navy and Marine Corps are the Nation’s forwarddeployed, fastresponse force in times of crisis. The ability to respond to all types of conflict, as well as humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, is what separates the United States Navy and the Marine Corps team from the rest of the world. 
However, as a result of declining resources, the Navy has struggled to reach its own stated goal of 306 ships. A notinsignificant portion of this fleet consists of amphibious ships to support the requirements of the Marine Corps. 
ships in the fleet does not meet validated national requirements to accomplish the tasks the Marine Corps is responsible to carry out in time of war or national emergency; this is the very Marine Corps that is tasked to be the most ready when our Nation is the least ready. 
and I request your thoughts on how we might get our Navy shipbuilding program back on track. 
gentleman for his remarks and concerns and for his own military service. I share his concern. 
has been struggling to maintain its shipbuilding program for many years. Despite a requirement for 306 ships, the Navy’s fleet has seemed to reach a plateau of about 285 ships for the last several years. 
you and the Navy to ensure that our sailors and marines have the finest ships and equipment this Nation can provide. 
forward to working closely with you on this important issue. I can tell you I know where the finest warships are built by the finest craftsmen, that is right there in Mississippi’s Fourth Congressional District. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), a member of the subcommittee. 
than a decade, this House has been committed to providing our troops with the body armor they need. Body armor is essential to our deployed troops. 
modern, lightweight body armor, the Department requires a viable industrial base to produce the body armor and to continually work to improve it. 
Appropriations bill sustaining the industrial base was prioritized; $80 million was appropriated to the Army to 
Those FY15 funds have not been obligated, and as a result, the industrial base for body armor is laying off workers and about to go out of business. The Army has ignored Congress’ directions and put this industry at risk. 
The FY16 Defense Appropriations report makes a commitment to body armor, saying: 
of the Army to ensure that the body armor industrial base is able to continue to develop and manufacture more advanced body armor. 
carbide power to make armor plates will be out of business before this bill is enacted. Furthermore, this bill provides zero funds for the procurement of body armor, another blow to the industrial base. 
our troops, fully understanding how important body armor is to soldier protection. 
To the chairman and ranking member, I would like to work with you to ensure that the existing body armor industrial base is not driven out of business by the Army’s inability to follow directions from Congress and mismanagement of this vital supply chain. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). 
I rise today to echo the concerns expressed by my colleague across the aisle from Minnesota in concern for our Nation’s warfighters and our military base. 
As you know, the FY15 NDAA authorized and the FY15 Defense Appropriations bill provided $80 million for a body armor industrial base initiative in the Army’s operations and maintenance program. However, the U.S. Army is not properly utilizing the appropriated funds in the manner Congress intended. 
Congress has been clear on this matter. Report language for both the FY15 and FY16 Defense Appropriations measure demonstrates that the importance of body armor is critical to protecting our soldiers in combat. 
these funds at odds with congressional intent and the safety of our troops, the Army and the U.S. body armor industry will lose the unique capability critical for meeting hightech U.S. lightweight body armor standards. 
After the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, we must rehabilitate and replace used body armor to ensure the readiness and the safety of our troops in the field if they are called to serve in another conflict. 
Mr. BARR. If we do not act now to 
ensure that the body armor industrial base is able to continue the development and manufacturing of more advanced lightweight body armor, there will not be a capable body armor industrial base left in the future to fund. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) for the purpose of a colloquy. 
giving me the opportunity to discuss something that will assist in our natural disaster response. 
The Air National Guard employs advanced capabilities to assist in civil search and rescue operations during natural disasters and is capable of locating and rescuing people where civilian authorities cannot. 
The Air National Guard uses sophisticated technology to assist in time sensitive emergency operations, including the AS–4 Pod, which includes widearea infrared sensors optimized for survivor detection, integrated communications, and specialized radar for maritime, flood, and swift water recovery. 
Katrina, the California wildfires, and Superstorm Sandy highlight the need to outfit the Air National Guard with this important capability. I hope you will consider adding this vital piece of equipment to the list of equipment considered for priority purchasing with the use of the National Guard and Reserve equipment account, which is governed by this legislation. 
gentleman from California for bringing this to our attention. We look forward to working with you on this important issue as we move forward with the legislation. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ) for 
the purpose of a colloquy. He is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces of the Armed Services Committee. 
the gentleman from New Jersey, the distinguished chairman of the Appropriations Defense Subcommittee, for his work to bring this important bill to the floor. 
billions of dollars to programs that are vital to the Nation’s security and the men and women who have volunteered to serve our Nation. 
However, I do have a question regarding a recommended reduction of $61 million from the Missile Defense Agency request for the Redesigned Kill Vehicle. 
that this is a critically important program, and that it, and the 2020 goal for deployment of this capability, are vital to a robust and reliable national missile defense system, which is paramount to the defense of the Nation against ever more capable adversary ballistic missiles? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I agree with the gentleman, and I know the gentleman from Alabama will agree that the oversight of scarce defense dollars is important. The request for this program has spiked significantly between fiscal years 2015 and 2016. Yet, there is no real acquisition plan. 
The Department owes us this information if we are to be responsible stewards of these taxpayer dollars 
the gentleman for that explanation, and I hope he will let me know if there is anything the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces can do to make sure that the Department knows that the acquisition strategy needs to be delivered to the Congress without further delay. 
that the deployment of the Aegis Ashore site in Poland remains a priority of his and that its deployment by not later than December of 2018 will not be affected by any of the marks in the bill before the House today? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, I absolutely agree with the gentleman from Alabama that this deployment is vital to our missile defense, and the United States should be grateful for strong allies like Poland. 
way impact the onetime deployment of the European Phased Adaptive Approach Phase III. 
the gentleman. I look forward to supporting the bill today and urge the House to do the same to get this vital bill passed and to the President for his support of our men and women in uniform. 
could ask how much time remains for both sides, please. 
3⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Indiana has 9 minutes remaining. 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), a member of the committee. 
thank our ranking member for yielding, and for your tremendous leadership on this subcommittee. 
member and our chair for including report language on the Department of Defense’s efforts to achieve auditability by the end of fiscal 2017. 
auditable is common sense, and it is something that Congress mandated, mind you, 25 years ago. It is long past time to address the culture of unlimited spending and zero accountability at the Pentagon, and I know this issue has strong bipartisan support. 
this bill which I cannot support. The appropriations bill includes an additional $38 billion over budget caps in the overseas contingency operations slush fund, and that is what it is; it is a slush fund. This is simply outrageous and this fund, quite frankly, in my opinion, it should be eliminated. 
the public should know how much it is costing to fight these wars. 
DOD operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant. Mr. Chair, it has been 10 months since the war started and 4 months since the President submitted his draft authorization to Congress, and Congress has yet to act. Now we see additional troops being sent into this war zone. Again, no congressional debate, no vote. 
war—and that is what this is—without a robust debate on an ISILspecific authorization. That is why I offered an amendment in committee, which was adopted on a bipartisan basis, that simply reaffirms that Congress has a constitutional duty to debate and determine whether or not to authorize the use of military force. 
amendments to this bill that would prohibit funding for the 2001 and 2002 authorizations for the use of military force. With these authorizations still on the books, Congress is allowing this President—and any President really— to wage war against anyone, at any time, anywhere. 
have got to stop this policy of endless wars. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ), the distinguished chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, for the purpose of a colloquy. 
express my support for the fiscal year 2016 Defense Appropriations bill and my appreciation for the hard work of the chairman in drafting this very good bill, which will provide essential funding to our national security. 
with the proposed reduction of funding in this bill for an existing weather collection satellite called the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program, or DMSP. 
As early as 2017, our military is facing a critical capability gap in the Department of Defense’s two highest priority weather requirements. As the Air Force continues to work through its plan for addressing weather requirements, launching DMSP will help address these issues. 
Much has been spent on DMSP already, and it would be a shame to waste those dollars when the satellite could be put to good use. Mr. Chairman, I agree with you that 
the Air Force has not properly managed the space weather program, and they must submit a better plan. However, I ask for your support in working with me in conference to ensure that our military and intelligence professionals have the tools they need to safely prosecute our missions. 
Chairman. And congratulations on producing a very good bill that will provide the necessary funding to properly defend our Nation. 
for providing $26 million in your bill to fund an Air Force pilot program for the 
year 2016 NDAA, the program has the potential to lower costs and increase utilization of commercial satellites. 
me the opportunity to discuss military satellite communications, or SATCOM. As you are aware, the demand for SATCOM has increased by a factor of 10 since the outset of our simultaneous commitments in Iraq and Afghanistan, and it continues to grow. 
against jamming, spoofing, and other interference has also increased as our adversaries deploy more sophisticated countermeasures to deny and degrade communications to our warfighters. 
operated SATCOM system, Wideband Global Satellite Communications System, or WGS, cannot keep up with demand—not even close. As a result, the Air Force has sought less expensive, more protected SATCOM solutions from the commercial sector to augment national capabilities. 
more SATCOM capacity, and it needs SATCOM that is better protected. Congress can help by restoring $32.8 million for development and testing activities associated with the Protected Tactical Testbed. 
the Protected Tactical Wave Form itself. This effort will help make both commercial and WGS satellites more robust and protected against jamming. Alongside the Air Force’s pilot program I referenced earlier, the Protected Tactical Testbed and Wave Form may begin to give warfighters access to a global architecture of protected commercial SATCOM. 
has programmatic challenges with the Protected Tactical Testbed that must be addressed. However, I urge the committee to keep an open mind in conference. If the Air Force addresses your concerns, then I hope the committee will consider restoring funding for the Protected Tactical Testbed and Wave Form. 
I thank you again for this opportunity to speak on such an important issue to our military servicemen and 
my time, I thank the gentlemen from Alabama and Oklahoma, both veterans, for bringing these matters to our attention, and we look forward to working with you on these important issues. 
highlight important warfighter capabilities that are stymied by poor program planning and execution by the Air Force. Their lack of programmatic and financial discipline has led directly to these weather collection and satellite communications issues. 
highlighted each of these concerns and strongly encouraged the Air Force to make adjustments. None, unfortunately, were made in a timely manner. 
evidence that launching the DMSP is part of that plan, but I am willing to work with both gentlemen in conference if things change. I thank the gentlemen for their support and work. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN) for the purpose of a colloquy. 
World War II merchant mariners the thanks they deserve. I would prefer to offer an amendment to the Defense bill which would have provided a token thank you, but it would have been the subject of a point of order. 
losses of any military branch in World War II and did not receive veterans benefits under the GI Bill. 
working with the ranking member to give our brave merchant mariners the recognition they rightly deserve. It is unfathomable that these merchant mariners who served this Nation so valiantly have never had full veterans benefits. 
subsidies, home loan guarantees, or other provisions of the GI Bill that helps millions of veterans transition seamlessly into civilian life. 
mariners are now in their eighties and nineties, and there are only 5,000 left. Let’s act now to right this wrong. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the gentlewoman from California for bringing this to our attention and, particularly, given the fact that my father is a Naval veteran and 99 years old. So I understand the circumstances of what you speak, and we do look forward to working with you on this issue as we move forward with the legislation. Thank you very much. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), 
my good friend for yielding, and I rise to raise an issue of particular importance to my constituents in New Jersey. 
was created by the 2005 BRAC round. And while joint basing has been successfully implemented at MDL, there remains an outstanding issue of gross unfairness for some employees. 
The overwhelming majority of employees at the joint base are included in the New York pay locality area; yet, the wage grade employees on the former McGuire Air Force Base and Fort Dix remain in the Philadelphia locality area. These employees work on the same installation, but they are paid 7 percent less than their counterparts for the same work. 
Joint Base MDL made a formal request for realignment of the Philadelphia to New York wage survey area to OPM’s Advisory Committee, FPRAC, in 2010, and the base leadership continues to believe pay parity should be a priority. 
critical asset to DOD and our National security. Their missions could not be carried out effectively without the skills of the men and women stationed there and those working in civilian support roles across the base. 
and the men and women who work there are part of the same workforce. It is timed to fix this outdated policy. 
will work with me to bring about fairness to the roughly 20 percent of the workforce that does not receive equally earned pay. 
colleague for his leadership and for bringing my attention to this important issue. And I can assure him we will look forward to working with him as we move forward with our bill into conference. 
my good friend, the chairman, for your commitment to the men and women who support our warfighters. I look forward to working with you to move the pay parity for all joint base employees forward. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) for 
As you are aware, our Nation’s Federally Funded Research and Development Centers, or FFRDCs, play a critical role in advancing national security goals and ensuring that our Nation stays at the cutting edge of technological innovation. 
could take an expansive interpretation of this provision and view it as preventing the execution of critical facilities modernization projects, even when authorized by Congress through military construction projects. 
I am also concerned about the provision’s mediumand longterm implications for building maintenance and facility modernization projects that are necessary to continue important innovation programs for decades to come. 
committee’s understanding that this provision is not intended to apply to military construction projects or to advanced planning and design funds that are authorized by Congress? 
Ms. TSONGAS. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Ms. TSONGAS, yes, that is my understanding. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the ranking member of the Defense Subcommittee. Is that your understanding? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, could you give us the time that we each have left. 
1⁄4minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Indiana has 4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to express my support for the Vets4Warriors program, a program in my district that is operated by Rutgers University Behavioral Health Care. This successful program has provided invaluable assistance to the military in their efforts to prevent suicide among veterans. The program ensures that those veterans who are struggling with depression or psychological concerns get the support they need: peertopeer. 
Sadly, the Department of Defense has terminated this program without any public notice. Our nation is now faced with a crisis: since the start of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, more than 3,000 activeduty personnel have taken their own lives. Programs like Vets4Warriors help us to combat this troubling trend. 
will be difficult to replace. It allows veterans a safe space in which they can find help apart 
from the DOD structure. Service members are often hesitant to reach out to their superiors regarding personal concerns like mental health. By integrating these programs into the Department’s Military OneSource program, many service members will lose the sense of confidentiality provided by Vets4Warriors. 
those who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our nation. It is my hope that the DOD will reconsider their decision so that we can assure our veterans have access to the best mental health resources possible. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
amendment, each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The Chair of the Committee of the Whole may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the CONGRESSIONAL  
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, for military functions administered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $37,295,571,000. 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for 
Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $26,711,323,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the purpose of this amendment is to encourage the Secretary of Defense to allocate resources needed to provide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking, and their impact on women and girls across the globe. 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Defense for the work they have done in the backdrop of the very overwhelming sequester, which I certainly oppose so that all of the appropriators will have the ability to provide the resources that they need. 
In particular, my amendment is recognizing the new face of war and the new fight of terrorism. 
I hold up these pictures of the numbers of countries who are adding women to their forces. America, of course, has had women in different parts of its military for a number of years, going back to nurses in World War I and II and in the various types of work that have been done recently in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the women are enormously proud and very effective. 
this new war on terrorism and human trafficking, we would have the opportunity to use the women in the United States military who have achieved levels of rank that are extremely important to be able to train and to provide technical assistance to those who are just adding women to their military. 
The United States Armed Forces possesses an unparalleled expertise and technological capability that will aid not only in combating and defeating terrorists, who hate our country and prey upon innocent persons—especially women, girls, and the elderly—but we must also recognize that, notwithstanding our extraordinary technical 
military capabilities, we face adversaries who adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geographic limitations or norms of morality: the Caliphate, ISIL, ISIS, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, al Qaeda, all. We are also finding that these organizations are using women, but then, of course, the institutionalized militaries are also putting more women in. 
I have an article that I would like to 
Festival in Rome, a documentary by film director Elif Ovar of the Turkish Army’s PhotoFilm Center was selected for the Jury’s Award. 
Senay Haydar, Turkey’s first female gendarmie commander and senior noncommissioned officer (NCO), against the backdrop of gender discrimination and violence against women in the small Anatolian town of Mesudiye—attracted much interest. 
and families and has been credited for eradicating violence against women among the 40,000 residents of Mesudiye. Thanks to Haydar’s actions, there hasn’t been a single case of violence against women in the last nine months in Mesudiye. 
has been much impressed with Haydar’s accomplishments in a small Anatolian town where traditional culture prevails. ‘‘NCO Senay’s success, as much as this is due to [her own accomplishments], is also the success of the commanders who believed in her,’’ Ovar said. ‘‘Appointing a female NCO as a representative of law and order to a town with 40,000 residents is truly a revolution for the Turkish army.’’ 
extensive changes in the personnel policy of the Turkish army with the increase of the number of female officers and NCOs and, as was the case with Haydar, in assigning women to active field positions instead of just to administrative work at the headquarters. 
said: ‘‘I always wanted to be a field commander who takes decisions instead of working at a desk. I was encouraged by the Gendarmerie General Command. When the results [of my employment] turned out to be positive, scores of female officers and NCOs followed in my footsteps.’’ According to a source at the Gendarmerie School in Beykent, Ankara, in October alone, 67 female NCOs have been assigned to Gendarmerie General Command field posts after they completed their basic training; another 90 female NCOs and 30 officers will follow. 
UH–60 Sikorsky helicopter at Ankara’s Gendarmerie Aviation School, is the first female gendarmerie pilot in Turkey. In an interview with AlMonitor she said: ‘‘My husband is a captain. I raised my daughters Bensu and Beren without giving up my profession. I actually flew until the third month of my pregnancy with my youngest. My most memorable moment was one time when my husband was away on a mission and I was ordered to fly an urgent mission. I had to leave my 1
1⁄2yearold daughter with the duty officer at the base. When I returned five hours later, I found the duty officer and many soldiers entertaining my daughter. That was 
works on planning of the personnel policies told AlMonitor that today there are 1,350 female officers in the Turkish army, which is 3.3% of the total number of officers. The target is to increase this to 5% in the next three years. The Turkish army wants to further increase the number of female NCOs, which today stands at 843 (0.9%). The aim is to also increase this to 5% by 2018, which means the employment of an additional 4,000 female NCOs. To achieve these objectives, the Turkish army has been trying to embrace more femalefriendly personnel policies. 
The Turkish army employs 96 female colonels, 140 female lieutenant colonels and 360 
while majors are usually unit commanders. Staff Maj. Bilgehan Bulbul is the commander of the largest transport fleet of the Air Force Command in Ankara and is also the first female fleet commander. There is a noticeable increase of Turkish female staff officers in important headquarter posts in the army and NATO. For example, naval staff officer Maj. Yasemin Bayraktutan is Turkey’s current naval attache in London. Within six seven years, she may well become the first female admiral of the country. In an email to AlMonitor, she said she wants to return home after excelling in her current position and before becoming an admiral she wants to command a frigate. 
What is behind the Turkish army’s decision to increase the number of female officers and NCOs? 
reduction in the number of personnel called up for compulsory military service, as the Turkish army is moving toward becoming a professional entity—increasing the number of females in the army makes up for this loss in man power. 
female personnel because of a change in security issues the Turkish army is dealing with—notably, the shift from rural to urban areas of the Kurdistan Workers Party violence in Turkey’s southeast. In addition, there is a need for female personnel in international missions that the Turkish armed forces are undertaking in Afghanistan, Kosovo and Bosnia, among others. 
significant advantages in communicating with the local population, especially with women, and carrying out civilmilitary cooperation projects effectively in the health care and education sectors. Thus, the Turkish army is determined to establish more effective links with local populations in low intensity conflict areas and peace support missions. 
number of females in the Turkish army is that the latter has always been the leading cause of modernization and Westernization of the republic. The army sees itself as a pioneer in all transformation processes in society, and more females and an increase in the visibility of their presence in the Turkish army delivers crucial messages—especially to the rural population—on equality for women and a more active participation of women in society. 
army can better dissuade a man in rural Turkey, for instance, inclined to violence against his wife. ‘‘Because of my uniform and as stipulated by law, I will go after anyone committing violence against his wife or any other female,’’ Haydar said. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. So my amendment, of course, is to provide that 
military women with other excellent forces to be able to help these women and to be able to fight the global war on terrorism through technical assistance, counsel, and advice, which I think will add to the expertise of those militaries but, more importantly, to the work of the United States military. 
FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the 
floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe and for their work in ensuring that they have resources needed to keep our Armed Forces the greatest fighting force for peace on earth. 
explain my amendment, which is simple and straightforward and affirms an example of the national goodness that makes America the most exceptional nation on earth. 
The purpose of the Jackson Lee amendment is to provide the Secretary of Defense flexibility to allocate resources needed to provide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking. 
combating violent extremism, protecting our borders and the globe from the scourge of terrorism. 
an unparalleled expertise and technological capability that will aid not only in combating and defeating terrorists who hate our country and prey upon innocent persons, especially women, girls, and the elderly. 
our extraordinary technical military capabilities, we face adversaries who adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geographic limitations or norms of morality and decency. 
ISIL and other militant terrorists, including the Sinai’s Ansar Beit alMaqdis in the Sinai peninsula which poses a threat to Egypt. 
The Jackson Lee amendment will help provide the Department of Defense with the resources needed to provide technical assistance to countries on innovative strategies to provide defense technologies and resources that promote the security of the American people and nation states. 
Terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking and their impact on women and girls across the globe has had a great adverse impact on us all. 
and human trafficking by terrorist and militant groups have been employed as weapons of war, affecting over twenty thousand women and girls. 
highlights the importance of providing technical assistance through our military might, as this enables us to chip at terrorism which has plagued us here in the United States. 
terrorism abroad by making available American technical military expertise to military in other countries, like Nigeria, who are combating violent jihadists in their country and to keep those terrorists out of our country. 
lost at the hands of terrorists. These victims include Christians, Muslims, 
journalists, health care providers, relief workers, schoolchildren, and members of the diplomatic corps and the Armed Services. 
by our military personnel is integral to promoting security operation of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance aircraft for missions to empower local forces to combat terrorism. 
havoc on our society and cannot not be tolerated or ignored, for their actions pose a threat to our national security and the security of the world. 
Mr. Chairman, from the United States to Africa to Europe to Asia and the Middle East, it is clear that combating terrorism remains one of highest national priorities. 
towards empowering our neighbors and their military to combat terrorism, eradicate human trafficking, stop narcotics trafficking and negate their impact on women and girls across the globe is in our national interest. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, the amendment proposes to amend portions of the bill not yet read. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
take this moment to thank the chairman and the ranking member and their staff for working with me on this matter. I am hoping to be able to revise or to resubmit this. 
allow me, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to accept the withdrawal. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for 
elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $12,586,679,000. 
subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $26,226,952,000. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $28,349,761,000: Provided , That not to exceed 
$12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. 
Page 7, line 22, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, providing science, technology, engineering, and math education to America’s youth is critical to the global competitiveness of our Nation. The STARBASE program engages local fifthgrade elementary students by exposing them to STEM subjects through an inquirybased curriculum and is currently active in 56 congressional districts throughout the Nation. 
in reestablishing funding for the program over the past 2 years. I am respectfully requesting an additional $5 million to help expand the program nationwide. 
amendment No. 18 to H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act. My amendment increases funding to the STARBASE Youth Program by $5 million, and while providing support for the program, it also reduces spending by $1 million. 
out by the military services because the lack of STEMeducated youth in America has been identified as a future national security issue by the Department of Defense. Two years ago, both the House and Senate rejected the Office of Management and Budget’s, the OMB, proposal to terminate this critical program. 
As a Member of Congress, I appreciate OMB’s desire to consolidate STEM’s programs across the spectrum into one funding line. However, this is a national defense item and has been identified by the Joint Chiefs of Staff as such. STARBASE was created under the auspices of the Department of Defense to meet its critical needs in STEMrelated fields. 
caused by OMB’s action during that time resulted in the elimination of all programs operated by the Navy and reduced in fiscal year 2014 the number of DOD STARBASE programs from 79 to 56. DOD currently has 25 sites on the waiting list for a program, and that is why we need a small increase in funding for a number of STARBASE programs. It is one of the most costeffective programs across the Federal Government, costing an average of $343 per student. 
Last year, 3,062 classes were conducted in 1,267 schools in 413 school districts across the country. More than 70,000 students attended the programs, bringing the total to 825,000 students since its inception in 1993. 
programs as well. The students demonstrate undisputed improvement in STEM. 
Officer Stacey Hendrickson of the California State Military Reserve and director of the STARBASE program at the Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base in my district, who said: 
to let you know that one of our schools, 96th Street Elementary in Watts, earned their highest science standardized test scores ever last year. This is significant because the class is secondyear remediation and has 
English language learners and special needs students. Every student’s score went up, so this is a class that was very special to us. We were all very excited to hear that, as those students had all shown a big increase in our own pre and post test scores. We were happy to see that the improvement was seen on their Academic Performance Index scores as well.’’ 
America’s youth to discover technical career fields that are imperative. During this time of economic recovery we cannot lose this battle and concede our technical edge to the rest of the world. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reluctantly rise to oppose the amendment. 
gentleman is a strong supporter of it. Indeed, it is a program that does incredible things for students that has a proven record. 
Unfortunately, once again, the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget did not support the program. There were no funds requested. As a result, the committee provided an additional $25 million in fiscal year 2016 to restore funding for the program. 
However, I can’t support an amendment that would cut the Army’s operations, the maintenance accounts, to pay for it. This account provides funding for critical training, operations, maintenance, and readiness programs. After over a decade of war, restoring readiness is one of the key objectives of our bill this year. 
ready and able to respond to contingency. It is a top priority in our bill for the Army and for us. While I appreciate the gentleman’s intent, I cannot support his amendment, reluctantly. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $40,548,338,000: Provided , That not 
to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $5,338,793,000. 
$7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $30,182,187,000: Provided , That not more than $15,000,000 may 
be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this 
of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further , That 
$9,031,000, to remain available until expended, is available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That any ceiling on 
the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided 
under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,200,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment with the intent of bolstering funds for a worthwhile program in the National Guard that assists with securing our southwest border. 
attack. The Arizona border is a main thoroughfare for the black market and trafficking. Guns, money, drugs, and 
people are smuggled over the border at an alarming rate. Once the smugglers make it to Interstate 10 in Tucson, they can make easier runs to Phoenix, Los Angeles, and beyond. 
border mission has bipartisan support. Even President Obama supported this program during his time in the White House. In fact, since 1981, Congress has authorized military support to civilian law enforcement agencies. 
ask which of the three amendments I have before me is the one that we are now considering in the House of Representatives. 
Mr. GOSAR. 107. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I have got it. Thank you very much. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the Clerk will report the amendment once again. 
There was no objection. The Clerk read the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. In fact, since 1981, Congress has authorized military support to civilian law enforcement agencies, and those narrow authorizations are prescribed in title 10, chapter 18 of the United States Code. In sum, they act to support law enforcement efforts, but they do not direct them. 
that a similar amendment was offered last year by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), and the amendment was accepted by voice vote. This amendment today seeks to achieve the same goal. The amendment is offset by a reduction to the defensewide operations and maintenance account, $30.2 billion account. 
Texas are all struggling. We are in desperate need of expertise and support at our southwestern border. If you support efforts to secure the border and interdict illegal trafficking in guns, money, drugs, and humans, including sex slaves, then you should support this amendment. 
I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their tireless efforts to prioritize resources in this bill. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time, but I am in support of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the Representative from Arizona has firsthand knowledge of the value of the southwest border mission, and I support his amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,500,000) (increased by $5,500,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for providing $212 million for suicide prevention outreach programs, $20 million above the President’s request. 
my colleagues, Representatives PALLONE , S MITH, L OBIONDO , G ARRETT , 
LANCE , S IRES, P AYNE , M ACARTHUR , 
continue support and funding for the successful confidential peertopeer Vets4Warriors program, a Pentagon funded call center operated by Rutgers University Behavioral Health Care that provides troops struggling with depression and other psychological or emotional concerns support by veterans. 
Despite the troubling increase in Active Duty military suicides after 9/11, the Defense Department announced last month it would stop funding the Vets4Warriors program, which has provided valuable assistance to reduce these incidents. 
Through Vets4Warriors, servicemembers have been able to find confidential assistance from peers who share lived experiences and who can quickly connect and listen in highly effective ways. Since December 2011, the program has had over 130,000 contacts. 
The Defense Department’s plan to integrate these services into the Military OneSource without a public process is concerning because we know that many servicemembers are reluctant to contact superiors for assistance with mental health needs. Military OneSource is only billed as available to veterans and their families within 180 days after leaving the service. 
for veterans to seek help outside the Defense Department. We believe removing funding for this program is shortsighted. This move will also result in the layoff of approximately 30 welltrained, talented veterans who have been providing support services around the clock. We want the Defense Department to use this funding to fully fund the Vets4Warriors program, ensuring our troops receive the best mental health resources available. 
Mr. PASCRELL. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
shocked that they would shut something down in our home State that actually serves the rest of the Nation. They enjoy a good reputation. It sort of falls into the category of ‘‘what were they thinking?’’ 
Mr. PASCRELL. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
issue, as he has led on so many other issues. I also thank Chairman FRELING HUYSEN . It is due to Chairman F RELING HUYSEN ’s leadership on this legislation 
that we stand wellequipped to keep our Nation safe and secure. 
saved lives in New Jersey. It has made a great difference during very challenging times for servicemen and servicewomen. Their peers offer support and a friendly ear at a time when it matters most. Their voices of encouragement, friendship, and support on the other end of the telephone remind our brave heroes of their great potential, the love of a grateful nation, and what they can accomplish in their lives. 
The program has been proven effective. Thousands of veterans have received critical care and assistance. It works and it should be maintained. The statistics on veterans’ suicides are heartbreaking, but programs like Vets4Warriors are the types of efforts that we can implement to make a lasting difference. 
New Jersey, and the district I serve for his support and leadership in this area, and for fighting for this program and for being a great friend and resource to other veterans. 
I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,500,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,500,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,500,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offering an amendment to bolster suicide prevention programs. I rise to offer an amendment which would provide additional resources for mental health programs for our Nation’s servicemembers. Traumatic brain injuries and posttraumatic stress disorder have been consistently contributing to behavioral issues with our veterans, and all too often these ongoing mental health issues result in suicide. With an average of 18 to 20 veteran suicides per day, more resources are desperately needed. 
The DOD is already an expansive bureaucracy, and I appreciate the work of the committee to prioritize resources and to provide appropriation levels for the defensewide operations and maintenance that are actually lower than those in fiscal year 2015. 
small amount from that account—$1.5 million out of a $30.2 billion budget. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says the amendment would have no impact on budget authority or outlays. 
uniform are struggling with traumatic brain injuries and posttraumatic stress disorder as a result of serving in combat. If you support improved mental health for our servicemembers, you should support this amendment. Let’s prevent future suicides amongst our troops and ensure they are getting the help they need. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I do insist on my point of order. 
admire the advocacy on behalf of suicide prevention by the gentleman from Arizona. It is very needed, but I insist on my point of order because the amendment proposes to amend portions of the bill not yet read. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. 
the gentleman from Arizona proposes a net increase in the level of outlays in 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $7,463,000)’’. 
Page 88, line 16, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Maryland and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
chairman and the ranking member for their unwavering support of our national defense and our veterans. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment increases the funding for a program called Fisher House from $5 million to $10 million, and it funds that increase by reducing the amount in the operation and maintenance account by $5 million. 
very successful and very wellregarded nonprofit with a single mission, which is to provide free housing and lodging to families of veterans. The facilities are located near veterans hospitals and military hospitals in VA facilities. 
allow the families of veterans to be with their loved ones, the servicemen or women who have served our country and are receiving medical care at one of these facilities. Mr. Chairman, we know how important that is for the families and for the loved ones, but we know in particular how important that is for our veterans when they are receiving care incurred in the service to our great Nation for them to have their families with them. 
in business for 25 years, and they have been a proven and exceptional steward of taxpayer money. They operate 65 facilities all around the country. Again, these facilities are near military hospitals or a veterans facility. 
They operate to a very high standard. They have a deep pipeline of new facilities that they want to build. Unfortunately, there is a great need for these facilities, which is why we are proposing to increase their funding from $5 million to $10 million. 
for the past 3 years. It has enjoyed bipartisan support. This year, it also has the support of the gentlewoman from Michigan. 
I now yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D INGELL ). 
thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding and for his leadership on this critically important issue. I rise in very strong support of this amendment. 
hospitalized veterans and their families who have often had to travel far from home to get treatment and have seen what the Fisher House has done. The Fisher House Foundation does wonders in being a home away from home during very difficult times for our veterans and their families. 
As Congress continues to address veterans issues, it is critical that their families also have support systems in place and a safe place to stay while the veterans are receiving treatment. 
House facilities across the country. We are currently trying to put one in Michigan and, as I explored that publicprivate partnership, discovered that there is more than a 5year wait in that pipeline. This bill isn’t a silver bullet, but it would help reduce that timeline. 
I want to thank my good friend Congressman DELANEY for his leadership 
on this issue, and I urge all Members to support this bipartisan amendment that helps veterans and their families. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition and will use that time to say that I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
House Foundation does incredible work. Both my predecessors, Mr. Murtha and Mr. Young, were strong supporters. 
includes an additional $5 million for the Department as a grant to the Fisher House Foundation and allows each service to transfer up to $11 million for Fisher House operations, so each of our services recognizes the incredible private contribution and also the U.S. taxpayer contribution. 
to thank the chairman for his support and, once again, thank him for his singular leadership and for his insights into the importance of the Fisher House program. 
amendment so that we can build, as the gentlewoman from Michigan said, more Fisher House facilities to allow the family members of our veterans to be with them at this great time of need. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for allowing me to offer this amendment to this year’s Defense Appropriations bill to establish and reestablish the Commission to assess the threat to the United States from electromagnetic pulse attack, which was authorized in the Housepassed FY16 NDAA. 
knows so very well, the United States faces many threats and challenges today, perhaps more than ever before in her history. One of those threats is the reliance across all critical infrastructure sectors on an aging and highly vulnerable electric grid. 
As the GAO reported, the Department of Defense relies upon that very same electric grid for 99 percent of its electricity needs within the continental United States without which it cannot effect its mission. 
The previous EMP Commission stated that a collapse of large portions of the electrical system will result in significant periods of power outage and loss of significant portions of that system. 
be lost for any substantial period of time, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic to civilian society. They concluded that negative impacts on the electrical infrastructure are certain in an EMP event unless practical steps are taken to provide protection for critical elements of the electrical system. 
Mr. Chairman, to ensure that research into addressing these vulnerabilities continues within the Department of Defense to enable practical steps to actually secure and harden the grid. The House Armed Services Committee has already acted this year and authorized $2 million to reestablish the Commission. 
I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment to ensure that these funds are appropriated as well. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The gentleman brings up a huge issue, EMP, electromagnetic pulse. I accept the amendment. 
gentleman very much. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, my amendment would transfer $1 million from the Secretary’s some $30 billion general operation and maintenance fund to lung cancer research under the Defense Health Program. 
funds that have already been placed into the legislation for cancer research. My amendment is presented out of the hope that we can still do better and get us back to a point where we were some years ago. 
dent in the Secretary’s general operating fund, but it would make an enormous difference—an enormous difference—in battling lung cancer, a disease that already affects many of our military men and women and kills over 159,000 Americans every year. 
Katherine, a young mother of four, ages 9 to 16, was diagnosed with nonsmoking lung cancer earlier this year. I would be remiss if I didn’t thank my many colleagues for their prayers and their good will and all their expressions of hope and concern and thank the committee for the money that they have provided here for medical research because, make no mistake about it, the combined prayers, good will, and medical research have provided Katherine and her family and her friends and many people throughout this country with hope for their recovery. 
We have come a long way, and we are 
getting very close to discovering a cure for this and many of the other cancers that so tragically take the lives of our loved ones. 
It is my hope that with this amendment, we can do a little bit better, get us a little bit closer to that cure, and give people going forward the same hope that my daughter, Katherine, has been able to receive as a result of these prayers and this research. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from West Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
formed in 1993, the Youth ChalleNGe is a 17month program run by individual State National Guards. Its mission is to give troubled youth a second chance and addresses our Nation’s dropout rate by providing them the opportunity to obtain a high school diploma. 
the lives of over 120,000 young people since 1993 and has expanded to 35 sites in 27 States, including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico—young people like Tatiana Zambrano, a 2011 Puerto Rico ChalleNGe Academy graduate, who with the help of Youth ChalleNGe overcame much adversity to gain admission to Valparaiso University from which she graduated last month. Society may have given up on these young people, but Youth ChalleNGe hasn’t. 
Along with my colleague, Congresswoman NAPOLITANO , we have written 
letters and offered amendments in support of Youth ChalleNGe and have been buoyed by its successful intervention over the last number of years, the program seeks now to expand its help into California, Georgia, North Carolina, and Texas, but that requires $25 million above the funding level. 
level. Instead, we hope that we can ask for just a modest $5 million amount for Youth ChalleNGe to carry out its modest expansion of this program to reach atrisk children. It has proven to be a costeffective investment. 
and his staff for their efforts and their interest in this issue, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ), my cochair of the Youth 
thank the gentleman, my colleague who is the cochair on the Congressional National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Caucus—bipartisan, may I add— to help our throwaway kids. They are 16 to 18yearolds who have fallen through the cracks, so we work in a bipartisan manner to ensure that some of these youngsters have a second chance. 
We thank the Appropriations Committee for the funding increase over President Obama’s 2016 request of $145 million. 
fund the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program at $150 million, with the current funding of $135 million. As my colleague has stated, this amendment increases by $5 million the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program to $155 million, and it reduces the operation and maintenance, defensewide account by the same amount. It helps to start new programs in four States. Each new program is $4 million. The California third program will cost $10 million to $15 million due to the Superfund site. 
who are dropouts to have the same options to be able to have a second chance. The ChalleNGe program has graduated, as was stated, over 120,000 nationally. It is voluntary, free, with no cost to the child or to his or her family. It is a 22
boot camp program that is led by the National Guard cadre. It also prepares them to reenter society and to be successful, to build employment potential, and to return to school. A 2012 RAND study finds, for every dollar spent, it results in a return of $2.66 to the taxpayer. 
in the Nation. It effectively addresses part of our Nation’s dropout epidemic on a small level. It is beneficial to business, communities, and the Nation’s ability to compete in our future economy. We need more programs, not fewer. More than 12,000 applicants are rejected due to no space, so we ask our colleagues to support this amendment. 
all about just trying to help these young kids get a second chance. By expanding this program as we are doing, which is a modest expansion to reach into some other States, we know we are going to reach some other lives that society has given up on. I don’t want to give up on them, and I don’t think our Nation wants to give up on them. This is a chance to do it, and I thank the committee for its support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
will not take the full 5 minutes, but I would just point out to all of my colleagues that we are on page 9 of a 163 page bill. This bill deals with the national security of this country. It contains $578,656,000,000, and we have already received two amendments that 
have been offered on the floor that were not made available to us. I would hope that this does not continue to be a practice during the coming debate on the remainder of the bill given the gravity of the bill, the subject matter, and the amendments, themselves. 
have the courtesy to make sure both the majority and the minority have their amendments in a timely fashion and, certainly, before we begin 5 minutes of debate on the floor of the House of Representatives. I would ask for that civility on behalf of all of the Members. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $21,300,000)’’. 
Page 16, line 24, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $21,300,000)’’. 
Mr. Chair, I ask that the amendment be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
to the request of the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
that the Department of Defense has the responsibility to defend our Nation, but the Department also has a responsibility to clean up after itself when it contaminates our environment or threatens public health, and we in Congress have a responsibility to give the military the money it needs for that cleanup. 
The amendment I offer adds $21.3 million to the Formerly Used Defense Sites program. 
out of respect for Chairman FRELING HUYSEN and his subcommittee, which 
actually added $25 million to the FUDS program above the President’s budget request. Yet I want to make the point that we ought to keep the funding at the same level we appropriated in fiscal year 2015, which was $250 million, and that is what my amendment would do, because now is not the time for the military to backslide on its cleanup. 
and territory—that we know are contaminated, and these sites are not in someone else’s backyard. There are 87 of the Formerly Used Defense Sites in Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN ’s State of 
New Jersey, and there are 42 FUDS sites in Ranking Member VISCLOSKY ’s 
the Northern Mariana Islands, there are 24 contaminated areas, dating back to World War II, that are still waiting to be cleaned up. For example, there are 17 rusted fuel tanks in the little village of Tanapag that have been leaking oil into the ground since Harry Truman was President, and, every day, there are kids who are walking by on their way to school; there are fishermen in the lagoon just a few feet away; and there are families who are living with the smell of oil in their homes. 
issue. This unfinished cleanup damages our military’s ability to defend our Nation. Let me explain. 
today, the Defense Department wants to expand training activities—using live fire, running pipelines, building more fuel tanks—doing the very things we know contaminate the environment and threaten public health. The people I represent are saying ‘‘no’’ to this expanded military activity. 
not change anyone’s mind about the military’s proposed buildup in my district, but at least the military will have a little more credibility when it promises that it will clean up after itself because, if the people I represent see Congress cutting funding for FUDS, then the military’s promise has no credibility at all. 
Mariana Islands. This is a national issue. We have 5,000 sites currently identified for cleanup nationwide and another 10,000 on the list of potentially contaminated sites. Even if we appropriate $250 million for 2016, it is not enough. The Army Corps of Engineers estimates a full cleanup cost of $14 billion. So, at $250 million a year, we will still be having this same discussion 50 years from now. 
his subcommittee for adding the $25 million to the Formerly Used Defense Sites program, but, ultimately, we all have to do better. 
Mr. SABLAN. I yield to the gentleman from Indiana. 
gentleman’s statement before the floor and for his bringing the issue to the Members’ attention. 
for the constituency you represent but whether it was in any of our districts, as you also rightfully point out, this is a national problem. It tends to be forgotten because it is not seen visually by the average constituent. It is a very serious health and environmental problem, and I do appreciate your raising it during this particular debate. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
to the request of the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands? There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is identical to an amendment offered last year that passed this body by a voice vote. 
from persistent symptoms, including chronic headaches, widespread pain, cognitive difficulties, debilitating fatigue, gastrointestinal problems, respiratory symptoms, and other abnormalities that are not explained by traditional medicine or by psychiatric diagnoses. 
from the first gulf war age, they are twice as likely to develop Lou Gehrig’s disease as are their nondeployed peers. There also may be connections to multiple sclerosis and to Parkinson’s disease. Sadly, there are no known treatments for this lifelong pain and affliction that these veterans must endure through this disease. 
For decades, the Veterans Health Administration has downplayed any neurological basis for the disease, but recent research has shown unequivocally that this disease is biological in nature. The time has come for us to right the wrong that our servicemen and women have had to live with now for over 20 years. In this Department of Defense Appropriations bill, we allocate more money for breast cancer, orthopaedic, and prostate cancer research than we do for finding a cure for Gulf War Illness. Equivalent funds are appropriated for ovarian cancer research. 
money on medical research within the Department of Defense, which I am in favor of, the Department must adequately fund research on those diseases that originate in war and wholly affect our servicemen and women. Over a quarter of a million veterans display symptoms of this disease, and the time has come to find and to fund a cure for it. 
comes from the $30 billion operation and maintenance, defensewide account. Congress has a responsibility to ensure that the gulf war veterans, who put it all on the line and are paying for that with a lifetime of pain, are not left behind. I urge my colleagues to support 
this amendment and help find a cure for the Gulf War Illness. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would increase funding for prostate cancer research by $10 million under the Defense Health Program. 
commonly diagnosed cancer in men and is the secondmost common cause of a man’s death. In 2015, approximately 220,800 men in the United States will be diagnosed with prostate cancer, and an estimated 27,540 will die from it. 
The Prostate Cancer Research Program is a unique research program in that it prioritizes research that will lead to the elimination of death from prostate cancer while enhancing the wellbeing of men who are experiencing the impact of that disease. 
To date, the Prostate Cancer Research Program has resulted in a total appropriation of over $1.3 billion, including $80 million last year. This unique partnership among the military, prostate cancer survivors, clinicians, and scientists has changed the landscape of biomedical study, energizing the research community in conducting highrisk investigations that are more collaborative, innovative, and impactful on prostate cancer. 
funding level of $90 million, which is still $10 million below what this account was funded at in 2001, more than a decade ago. The offset for my amendment comes from the $30 billion operation and maintenance, defensewide account. 
a voice vote last year and as part of an en bloc amendment the year before. I hope that we will all agree on its passage again this year. 
Mr. GRAYSON. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
to thank the gentleman for his previous amendment, which I supported, 
my predecessor died from prostate cancer, and, of course, around this room and around the country, we know too many men who haven’t done what they should do to look after their health and, therefore, the welfare of their families. 
for his advocacy in this area and also remind those who are on the Hill that I think next week the House will be sponsoring a screening for all men here. It is a good way not only to look after yourself, but the people who love you. I want to commend the gentleman for his advocacy on an annual basis and thank him for yielding the time. I accept the amendment. 
Mr. GRAYSON. I reclaim my time. I want to thank the chairman for his 
kind and insightful words, and I want to thank the chairman for his leadership in making sure that the healthcare needs of those who serve are met. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
country—not a direct threat like ISIS or al Qaeda, but it is an insidious, persistent threat to the minds and bodies of our family members and to the fiscal health of our country. 
The Alzheimer’s Association estimates that the cost of caring for people with Alzheimer’s right now through the Medicare system is $226 billion. By the year 2050, it will be $1.1 trillion. This is a genuine budgetary threat. If it grows unchecked, the cost to Medicare from a single disease will zap our ability to pay for national security. Interestingly enough and timely enough, on the front page of USA Today is a story that reads how 15 percent of seniors account for nearly onehalf of Medicare spending. We also have an epidemic among our 
soldiers. It is called traumatic brain injury, known as the signature wound of veterans from Afghanistan and Iraq. It affects our soldiers at a much higher rate than the civilian population, and the VA projects its 10year costs at $2.2 billion. 
TBI is also closely linked to Alzheimer’s. For 30 years, we have known about a clear correlation between TBI and the risk of developing Alzheimer’s disease and other types of dementia. By researching the link between TBI and Alzheimer’s, we can help cure both. 
member of the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations for increasing the funding for the Peer Reviewed Alzheimer’s Research Program from $12 million to its presequestration levels of $15 million, but the funding for Alzheimer’s research in the United States is still underresourced. 
to increase the funding for the Peer Reviewed Program by $5 million, which 
would take it up to $20 million. This modest investment on the front end in research can eventually yield billions in savings in the future on the cost of care. That is why I urge my colleagues to support our servicemembers with TBI and Alzheimer’s and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000) (increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Hawaii and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
myself such time as I may consume. I would first like to thank the chairman and the ranking member for this opportunity. 
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment with Mr. JONES of North Carolina. Our bipartisan amendment would increase DOD’s supplemental impact aid to $55 million, $25 million more than appropriated in the bill currently. This would benefit schools in almost every school district that hold a military installation. Schools that had 20 percent average daily attendance of militarydependent students in the preceding year as counted on their Federal impact aid application are eligible to receive funding on an annual basis. 
faced by many school districts educating a large number of military children and has consistently provided increases in this aid; yet last year, in fiscal year 2015, this funding was dropped from $45 million to $25 million. This is not enough. With the stress put on military kids throughout the past years, this aid should be increasing, not decreasing. 
military readiness issue. The men and women serving in the military today have to rely on local school districts to provide quality education and counseling programs for their students and children. 
many Members of this Congress and endorsed by multiple organizations asking for this critical program to be fully supported at $50 million for DOD impact aid, with $5 million for children of military families with severe disabilities, was sent to the House Committee on Appropriations. As we know, we have to offset any funding increase for one program with another if we play by the rules, and I have done so with this amendment. 
using funding from an Office of the Secretary of Defense servicewide administration account, O&M defensewide. The children are our future, and many that grow up in our military families today will be the military leaders of our future. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
Page 74, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
of the House, this amendment is designed specifically to support the men and women of the United States Armed Forces and to dramatically improve their quality of life while they are deployed. 
Organizations, USO, reaches United States military members in numerous ways. They provide calling cards at deployed locations for servicemembers to call their families. They provide toiletries and necessities for deployed servicemembers and those in austere locations. They are the first persons to 
welcome back redeploying servicemembers. They volunteer to run morale and welfare tents offering Internet connectivity for deployed locations. Connecting troops to their families through calling cards and the Internet is just part of the USO’s 40plus program repertoire, but it is incredibly important to our deployed men and women and to their spouses, parents, siblings, and children. 
are fighting prolonged wars, connecting them to their families and friends back home is a service to our military that we cannot afford to underfund. In fact, 93 percent of troops surveyed in 2012 agreed that USO services boost morale, ease separation from friends and family, and convey a feeling of support to the servicemember. Unfortunately, however, our deployed servicemembers too often go to the USO tent only to find that USO provisions, including supplies and calling cards, have run out. Increasing funding to the USO will help alleviate this unacceptable problem. 
In the proposed fiscal year 2016 Defense Appropriations bill, the USO is funded at just $20 million. This amendment will reduce the operations and maintenance defensewide account by less than one twothousandths, while having an immeasurable impact on the quality of life of our servicemen and women. 
It is past time that we direct sufficient funds to the quality of life of the men and women that sacrifice everything to defend our Nation. I urge Members on both sides of the aisle to support it. 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
to salute the dean of the House for his strong support of the USO. Over 40 years ago, I was one of those soldiers, and it made a real difference in my life. 
All of us want to thank the gentleman for his significant leadership here over so many years and for choosing this incredibly wonderful organization to plus up. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. CONYERS. I thank the chairman. 
amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 9, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 20, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order. We haven’t received a copy of the amendment. We would like to see a copy of the amendment if that would be possible. That is the reason for the reservation. 
A point of order is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 303, 
the gentleman from Massachusetts and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment to add an additional $1 million for research and development for Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Duchenne muscular dystrophy is the most common lethal genetic disorder affecting American children today. 
It is a progressive neuromuscular disorder that affects approximately 1 in every 3,500 boys or 200,000 babies born each year worldwide. Over time, patients experience severe loss of muscle strength and control. 
lose their ability to walk by the time they become teenagers. There is no known cure for Duchenne, and life expectancies for individuals with this disease are significantly shortened. Many do not live past their 21st birthday. 
met with many Duchenne patients and their families and have seen the impact this disease has and what it imparts on their daily lives. 
There have been very promising advances in recent years, including development of a new drug which has achieved success in early clinical trials. I have had one child in my district confined to a wheelchair who, under this clinical trial, is able to walk by himself currently. However, much more work needs to be done to find a cure for this disease and to better understand what causes Duchenne in the first place. 
the thousands of Duchenne patients throughout the United States, as well as their countless loved ones who care for them every day. By increasing funding for peerreviewed research, institutions across the country will have additional resources necessary to make progress on eliminating this devastating disease. 
We as a nation are on the cusp of historic progress in advancing critical research. Now is the time to recommit to robust support of our country’s biomedical research for this disease. 
countless physicians, researchers, and scientists who work tirelessly to find a 
cure for Duchenne. I would also like to thank the Jett Foundation, which has long been a national leader in increasing awareness and providing support for patients and their families. 
amendment, and I thank the chair and ranking member for their consideration. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve my point of order. We are doing a little more homework on the amendment. Certainly, I am supportive of it. 
I claim the time in opposition, although I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentleman 
gentleman’s concern is the lack of the copy of the amendment? 
wanted to make sure we have the figures that go with what it is set against. 
it comports to the rule of the House. We are not against it. We just want to make sure it is in order. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I 
apologize. We had moved this with a later change to the defensewide operations and maintenance fund for the payfor for this; that probably explains this balance, but it is coming from that portion. The $1 million, I think, is in excess, if my memory is correct, of the $3.5 million that is already there. 
greater opportunity to move quickly on this. That is the rationale. That is where it came from. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. While I 
check the figures to make sure that it is properly offset, I continue to reserve my point of order. 
ask the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ), the chairman, if 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the gentleman will yield, there is some consultation going on at the desk. At the conclusion of those consultations with the Parliamentarian, I will have a better opportunity to respond in, hopefully, a more positive fashion. 
for the effort he is going through and the consideration he is giving with this. 
to talk to families and deal with issues. In this particular instance, we have an opportunity. As I mentioned, we are right on the cusp of very significant research. Leveraging a small additional 
fact that I saw a person—a young boy in his teens, confined to a wheelchair, like so many of those afflicted with this terrible disease have had to suffer through, and as a result of those clinical trials, to see that person no longer in a wheelchair and up and ambulatory and walking, those are the type of dramatic improvements we are on the cusp of right now. 
seeks to get an incremental increase with that because I think it would be leveraged and have enormous significance as a result. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. While I continue to reserve, let me compliment the gentleman on his amendment, as we do further investigation on the offsets. 
Medical research for diseases that affect our military members and their families are a priority of our committee; you can be sure of that. That is why our bill includes $3.2 million, again, this year for the Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Research Program. 
think would be of interest, more than $43 million for this research area since fiscal year 2003, and you have alluded to it, but research breakthroughs in this area will only help those suffering from this debilitating disease, but will also help research in other various muscular and motor neuron diseases. 
I think the research is absolutely essential, and I think we are closer to a resolution of the issue that would allow me to withdraw my reservation. I thank the gentleman for his indulgence. 
I would be happy to withdraw my reservation of the point of order and support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The reservation 
thank the gentleman for his indulgence and patience and the good work he has done in this respect, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). 
necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,644,274,000. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and 
administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $999,621,000. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $276,761,000. 
necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,815,862,000. 
administering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $6,731,119,000. 
administering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those furnished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $6,605,400,000. 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,078,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official representation purposes. 
$234,829,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or 
part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided 
under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
begin by thanking the chairman of the subcommittee and the ranking member of the subcommittee and their staff because I have worked on this in past appropriations and had the privilege of receiving the support of both the chair and the ranking member on the question of posttraumatic stress disorder. 
Chairman Young and Chairman Murtha. Over the years, I have had the privilege of working with them on this question of posttraumatic stress disorder. 
particularly as it relates to Vietnam vets. Many of us remember Vietnam vets coming back and, some long years later, getting a better understanding of Agent Orange. I remember a Vietnam vet telling me about it, but as he indicated, they mentioned it or spoke about it or tried to explain it when they came back directly from Vietnam. 
It was a long time before the understanding came about Agent Orange, and in years going forward, there was great medical care needed, medical costs needed, because those veterans had been suffering for a long time. 
stress disorder; and, as I look over the landscape of the last years of war, Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom, about 11 to 20 out of every 100 veterans, or 11 to 20 percent, who served have posttraumatic stress disorder in any given year. 
in any given year. In the Vietnam war, about 15 out of every 100 Vietnam vets, or 15 percent, are currently diagnosed with PTSD. In a recent study in the late 1980s, the National Vietnam Veterans Readjustment Study stated that it is estimated about 30 out of every 100. 
you listen to individuals who have PTSD, they seek to be part of a normal life and to work and survive and provide for their families. 
extra $1 million to increase funding for PTSD. These funds will be used to outreach activities targeting hardto reach veterans, especially those who are homeless and reside in underserved urban and rural areas who suffer from posttraumatic stress disorder. 
ago to provide a PTSD facility that was offsite of a veterans hospital in a small, communitybased hospital. Mr. Chairman, the response from veterans was amazing because they were able to come to an offsite location for counseling in PTSD. 
last with men and women for a very long time. I am hoping that my colleagues will support this amendment again to ease the trauma of the thoughts that these men and women have, the nightmares when they sleep, because they really want to be—as they are—contributing members of society. 
Again, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let me commend the gentlewoman for your strong advocacy. 
Just for the record, our bill does provide $155 million, including a plus up of $1 million above the request level of $55 million, for traumatic brain injury and psychological health research. 
million in operation and maintenance funding within the Department of Health program to care for servicemembers affected by TBI and psychological health injuries. 
we accept your amendment, and I commend you for your efforts. 
time, I applaud the compassion that the chairman and the ranking member have had in the writing of this legislation, highlighting several very important points needed for our servicemen and women, and I am grateful for the support of the additional resources, continuing the advocacy for them. 
In closing, let me thank this Congress for the wounded warrior that I have in my office. He is someone who suffers from PTSD. He has been an excellent staff person in reaching out to the veterans throughout my community. He is an example of the fact that, 
when you have treatment, you can be part of contributing to society, as they all want to be, even with some of the challenges they have. 
FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the 
floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. 
explain my amendment, which is virtually identical to an amendment that I offered and was adopted in last year’s Defense Appropriations Act (H.R. 2685). 
PTSD by $1,000,000. These funds should be used toward outreach activities targeting hard to reach veterans, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas, who suffer from Post Traumatic 
PTSD is the signature wound suffered by the brave men and women fighting in Afghanistan, Iraq, and far off lands to defend the values and freedom we hold dear. 
For those of us whose daily existence is not 
lived in harm’s way, it is difficult to imagine the horrific images that American servicemen and women deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other theaters of war see on a daily basis. 
In an instant a suicide bomber, an IED, or 
an insurgent can obliterate your best friend and right in front of your face. Yet, you are trained and expected to continue on with the mission, and you do, even though you may not even have reached your 20th birthday. 
usually comes after the stress and trauma of battle is over and you are alone with your thoughts and memories. 
And the horror of those desperate and dangerous encounters with the enemy and your own mortality come flooding back. 
relation to war veterans, but it can result from a variety of traumatic incidents, such as torture, being kidnapped or held captive, bombings, or natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes. 
People with PTSD may startle easily, become emotionally numb (especially in relation to people with whom they used to be close), lose interest in things they used to enjoy, have trouble feeling affectionate, be irritable, become more aggressive, or even become violent. 
the original incident, and anniversaries of the incident are often very difficult. 
the trauma in their thoughts during the day and in nightmares when they sleep. These are called flashbacks. A person having a flashback may lose touch with reality and believe that the traumatic incident is happening all over again. 
Mr. Chair, the fact of the matter is that most 
veterans with PTSD also have other psychiatric disorders, which are a consequence of PTSD. These veterans have cooccurring disorders, which include depression, alcohol and/ or drug abuse problems, panic, and/or other anxiety disorders. 
My amendment recognizes that these soldiers are first and foremost, human. They carry their experiences with them. Ask a veteran of Vietnam, Iraq, or Afghanistan about the frequency of nightmares they experience, and one will realize that serving in the Armed Forces leaves a lasting impression, whether good or bad. 
soldier is left behind’’ by addressing the urgent need for more outreach toward hard to reach veterans suffering from PTSD, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas of our country. 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
$300,000,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That 
upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the 
transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 14, line 13, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $10,290,000)’’. 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,290,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
yield myself such time as I may consume. I will be offering and then withdrawing this amendment because of a point of order on the timing of the budget outlays that we are not able to reconcile at this point in time. 
the subcommittee, Chairman F RELING HUYSEN , and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY , for their leadership. 
Now, this is an important amendment though. My amendment would protect from possible cancellation an innovative program that promises to provide a breakthrough capability for a very small amount of money. 
launches a ballistic missile attack on our homeland, we, unfortunately, have no enhanced way of knowing whether or not our defensive missiles actually hit the target or not. 
Agency is executing a promising and groundbreaking space sensor system called SpaceBased Kill Assessment. 
sensors in space to provide tracking, discrimination, and more. A robust, multimission space sensor network will be vital to ensuring a strong missile defense program. Without this, we might otherwise waste extremely expensive groundbased interceptors, costing the taxpayer more money, and depleting our limited number of interceptors. 
The Spacebased Kill Assessment program cannot survive a 50 percent cut. Program cancellation may result, and it would waste taxpayer dollars already invested and would also fail to meet congressional intent to have an initial operating kill assessment capability by 2019. 
had zero scheduling delays since it was conceived in fiscal year 2014. 
Finally, this program is a great example of the cost savings and other benefits the government can leverage through commerciallyhosted satellite payloads. This program, and other similar efforts, are critical to ensuring that the United States stays ahead of future ballistic missile threats. 
would have been adopted because it would take money from a lower priority fund and put it into critical ballistic missile defense against our homeland. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
commend the gentleman from Colorado for pointing up the value of what he talks about here. And let me promise to him that I am sure I will be working very closely with Mr. VISCLOSKY to see 
what we can do to elevate our investment and our knowledge and support for this program. 
withdraw the amendment and regret that the outlay issue somewhat has complicated matters on the floor this evening. 
I appreciate the subcommittee chairman’s words, and I will certainly work with him on that effort. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
$368,131,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided 
or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
$8,232,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That 
upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the 
transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
$228,717,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Department of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further , That 
upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the 
transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the programs provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $103,266,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
former Soviet Union and, with appropriate authorization by the Department of Defense and Department of State, to countries outside of the former Soviet Union, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, for facilitating the elimination and the safe and secure transportation and storage of nuclear, chemical and other weapons; for establishing programs to prevent the proliferation of weapons, weapons components, and weaponrelated technology and expertise; for programs relating to the training and support of defense and military personnel for demilitarization and protection of weapons, weapons components, and weapons technology and expertise, and for defense and military contacts, $358,496,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. 
For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, $84,140,000. 
For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,336,971,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,160,482,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private 
plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,805,773,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
my amendment would direct the Army to prioritize the modernization of the oldest Bradley Fighting Vehicles in the fleet. 
modify and standardize its Bradley Fleet to two digital configurations, the M2A3 and the M2A2 ODS–SA. These two variants are the most advanced versions of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle and provide our soldiers significant improvements in survivability and force protection. 
digitized electronics to provide troops with optimal situational awareness, network connectivity, and enhanced communication hardware within the heavy brigade combat team. 
Army components and prepositioned stocks are fielded with these digital configurations. Unfortunately, there are still National Guard units that have not yet received these upgrades and are fielded with obsolete, nonstandard, nondigital M2A2 Operation Desert Storm variants. 
within the National Guard will severely restrict our servicemembers’ ability to maintain proficiency in the technical requirements necessary to operate the advanced digital Bradleys utilized in combat operations. 
This will result in significant degradation of combat effectiveness of these units and poses a significant risk to units who deploy with the older Bradley variant, or train on the older variant but fall in on the newer models in theater. 
these units will face significant and unnecessary challenges in maintaining their Military Occupational Specialty qualifications. 
Mr. Chairman, the Army has an existing program of record for the remanufacturing of Bradley vehicles to attain updated digital configurations. It exists within the President’s budget 
under Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Vehicles: Bradley Modifications. 
$225 million for Bradley modifications. Unfortunately, none of these funds were designated for the Bradley Fighting Vehicles digital upgrades. In fact, the President’s budget does not provide funding for these upgrades over the entire FYDP. 
Operation Desert Stormera Bradley vehicles will ever receive the upgrades necessary to make them combat effective or adequate training platforms. It is for this reason I am offering this amendment. 
fence off $100 million of the $1.8 billion under the Army’s procurement of weapons and tracked combat vehicles accounts to prioritize and upgrade the oldest Bradley Fighting Vehicles in the fleet. This is 0.005 percent of the total appropriation. 
what is necessary to upgrade the remaining nondigital, nonstandard variants, but it is an important step to ensuring that the combat formations within our National Guard maintain the combat effectiveness and readiness they have attained over the last decade. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I very much regret that I must rise in opposition to the amendment. 
regret that I rise in opposition to the amendment, knowing what a strong supporter of our national defense the gentleman from Nevada is and what a strong supporter he is of the National Guard, not only across the Nation, but in his own State. And I regret even more so since we have been talking about this for several weeks. I feel badly that I have to rise. 
has stated, directs the Secretary of the Army to repurpose approximately one half of the $225 million in the budget request that was requested and included for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle Upgrade Program. 
Army to revise the schedule for the Bradley Upgrade Program by accelerating the schedule for providing more modern Bradley Fighting Vehicles to the 1st Squadron of the 221st Armored Cavalry of the Nevada National Guard, which I am sure is most deserving because, as he said, they have the oldest of the oldest. 
change would disrupt, as I am advised, a carefully synchronized plan for Abrams Tank and Bradley Fighting Vehicle modernization and would cause production breaks at both manufacturing lines. 
significant startup costs to the Bradley Engineering Change Proposal 2. In other words, this amendment would throw out of balance the Armywide armor modernization plans and drive up costs in order for one squadron of one State’s Guard forces to receive more modern vehicles. 
my rather convoluted response, I am prepared to work with the gentleman from Nevada to assist him, but at this point, I need to regretfully oppose his amendment. 
chairman’s offer to work with the gentleman as we proceed but would associate myself with the chairman’s concerns relative to the amendment that has been offered and, particularly, with an emphasis to the break in production, which I think is a very serious issue. 
the chairman’s concerns and objection that he has raised, but again, his willingness to work with the gentleman in the future. 
my time, I do recommend a ‘‘no’’ vote, but I certainly make a, I hope, valid offer to work with the gentleman because I know that he is going to be working on me to make sure that this occurs, and I want to be helpful to him. I thank the gentleman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Thank you 
both, Mr. Chairman and ranking member, for your offer to work with me to try to rectify the situation where we have an important National Guard unit that is dealing with and working with Desert Stormera Bradley Fighting Vehicles and, yet, expected to be ready to deploy on to the newer materiel in theater should they ever be called. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private 
contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,007,778,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and nontracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,230,677,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $16,871,819,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $2,998,541,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $559,141,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools and installation 
thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: 
DDG–091000 Program, $433,404,000; DDG–0951 Destroyer, $3,012,904,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,347,411,000; LPD–0917, $550,000,000; Afloat Forward Staging Base, 
LHA Replacement (APCY), $277,543,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $674,190,000; Moored Training Ship (AP), $138,200,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $255,630,000; Service Craft, $30,014,000; YP Craft Maintenance ROH/SLEP, 
For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $601,008,000. 
which $389,305,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, to fund completion of prior year shipbuilding programs: Provided , That amounts made available for prior 
year shipbuilding programs may be transferred to and merged with appropriations made available for such purposes in prior Acts: Provided further , That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2020, for engineering services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further , That none of 
the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further , That 
none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards. 
For procurement, production, and modernization of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $6,696,715,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $973,084,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
modification of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $14,224,475,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018: Provided , That of the funds 
provided under this heading for F35A Joint Strike Fighter airframes and contractor furnished equipment, no more than the amount necessary to fully fund procurement of 36 airframes and associated contractor furnished equipment may be obligated until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Department of Defense has accepted Autonomic Logistics Information System equipment that meets requirements to support a declaration of Air Force initial operating capability for the Joint Strike Fighter. 
modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,334,165,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Government owned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $1,935,034,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and 
and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $253,496,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $15,098,950,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $49,000,000)’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment, and I will later withdraw that amendment. 
is a simple, commonsense amendment that fulfills a critical need for our Air National Guard, who stand watch while performing the 24/7 Aerospace Control Alert mission as diligently today as they have after the attacks on 9/11. This mission is carried out by several Guard units across the country, including the 180th Fighter Wing in Toledo, Ohio, whom I have the great honor to represent, and by the D.C. Air National Guard, who are less than 15 miles away from this Capitol. These servicemen and women also serve in combat theater operations overseas when they are called upon and play a vital role in fighting foreign threats. 
This amendment would provide funding for an additional ARC–210 or equivalent radio in the Air National Guard’s 
F–16s. These radios have a capability for secure lineofsight and beyond lineofsight communication, providing the ability to securely communicate with ground forces and command and control. However, one radio in the aircraft does not allow for the simultaneous contact with them. 
only have one ARC–210 radio that works on an ultrahigh frequency band, and it is this band that most command and control and air traffic control agencies use. An additional second radio will simultaneously allow Air National Guard F–16s to communicate with command and control agencies and coalition troops on the ground in places like Iraq and Afghanistan and dense threat environments. 
along with fulfilling their duties of protecting our borders against those who wish to do us harm, also deploy with our Active Duty military, side by side, on the front lines in overseas conflicts. In fact, the request to have these additional radios comes from the combat commanders in such theaters around the world. So not only is this needed at home, but also abroad. The Air National Guard designates the need to have this capability as ‘‘critical.’’ 
Defense Rapid Innovation program, a program intended to take offtheshelf technology and put it in the hands of the warfighter as soon as possible. My amendment would do just that. It takes lowcost existing technology and puts it to work for our warfighters today. 
the amendment, but I want to say I want to commend the gentleman from New Jersey and his committee staff and all the members of the committee for their hard work on this legislation. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to speak on the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to thank the gentleman from Ohio for his strong support of national defense, his incredible dedication to the National Guard, and his great service to the State of Ohio. 
His amendment, while it will be withdrawn, as he said, is intended to provide radio equipment for the Air National Guard F–16s but was only recently brought to our committee’s attention. Should the Air Guard choose to purchase the ARC–210 radios with NGREA funding, which the committee has provided quite a lot of money for, the committee would support their decision. 
Air Guard, yet the committee needs to do its due diligence. Ranking Member VISCLOSKY and I look forward to working with you and your staff on this important issue, as we have already been doing, and appreciate your indulgence and willingness to withdraw the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. I thank the gentleman 
for his willingness and especially for his dedication and support for our Air National Guard. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thank the distinguished chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for bringing this bill to the floor. 
amendment is not a reflection of concern with what is a good bill under the circumstances. The BridenstineRogersTurnerPoe amendment would appropriate $25 million to fund military responses to Russia’s continuing violation of the 1987 IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces Treaty, the INF Treaty. This is the exact same amount that the House Armed Services Committee, the HASC, authorized recently in a bipartisan and noncontroversial provision in H.R. 1735, which passed the House Armed Services Committee on a 60–2 vote. 
Senior DOD officials, from the Secretary of Defense to lesser Senateconfirmed officials, have testified that the United States is considering a range of military options to respond to Russia’s violation of the INF Treaty. DOD defines these as countervailing and counterforce options. What do these include? 
the Army’s current Army Tactical Missile System, ATacMS; landbasing Tomahawk or otherwise modifying similar capabilities; and also other capabilities per classified DOD reporting. 
current systems as opposed to developing brandnew capabilities, which would take longer and cost far more. 
This amendment is imperative to ensuring that another year isn’t allowed to go by before Russia’s President, Vladimir Putin, is made to understand that he cannot profit by his violation of the INF Treaty. 
June 5, following the submission of the most recent State Department annual report on arms control compliance: ‘‘American officials have made no discernible headway in persuading the Russians to acknowledge the compliance problem, let alone resolve it. . . . In December, the Pentagon told Congress that it had developed a range of military options to pressure Russia to remedy the violation or neutralize any advantages it might gain if diplomatic efforts fail. Brian P. McKeon, a senior Pentagon official, told Congress that . . . if a diplomatic solution was not found, ‘This violation will not go unanswered.’’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s concern relative to Russia and his desire to make sure that they do abide by the existing treaty. 
they have invaded the country of Ukraine. They control a quarter of that country’s industrial production, and as the gentleman has indicated, are very concerned about their violation potentially of the treaty that exists. 
amendment is premature. He is absolutely correct that the authorizing committee in this body did pass legislation that you are trying to address with your amendment. The other body has not yet acted. 
again, I think the gentleman is absolutely correct—that DOD is considering a range of options. You have enumerated at least three of them, I think, very correctly. 
the fact that we are still, as a country, considering what options should be utilized to deal with this very serious question that the gentleman raises. Given the fact that we don’t have direct authorization and we are considering options, while I agree with the intent, I would have to object to the timing of the gentleman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chair, I 
would just argue that, while it is true that the other body has not acted on this yet, it is also true that this body has already acted in the Defense Authorization bill. It came through committee, and certainly it had overwhelming support in committee and overwhelming support on the floor of the House. 
ought to be done by all of my colleagues supporting this very important amendment and to make sure that Russia understands that they cannot 
go unchecked when they violate a treaty of this magnitude. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I will 
simply conclude by again expressing sympathy for the aim of the gentleman but pointing out that to appropriate money, we need authority. We do not yet have that, given the absence of action by the Senate and signature of the authorization into law by the President. I would ask my colleagues to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. MOONEY of 
West Virginia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, production, and modification of equipment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $5,143,095,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 31, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
would like to thank the staff, first, for working with Members and getting Members in order to be able to present their amendments; and then I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their understanding of this amendment and, again, make the point that this amendment that I am offering at this time I have been able to work on with the appropriators over the years. 
I, myself, was going through that period, I met women who were experiencing triple negative, which is a very deadly aspect of breast cancer. 
Defense Health Program’s research and development by $10 million, and these funds will address the question of 
point, that more than 800 women have been wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the Army Times, 874 military women were diagnosed with breast cancer just between 2000 and 2001. 
research dealing with this question. And the good news is that, when the military research component works on this, there is a great possibility of moving forward. 
young military women at an alarming rate, but male servicemembers, veterans, and their dependents are at risk as well. 
some cases very specifically, are at a significantly greater risk for contracting breast cancer,’ says Dr. Richard Clapp, a top cancer expert at Boston University. Clapp, who works for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on military breast cancer issues, says life in the military can mean exposure to a witch’s brew of risk factors directly linked to greater chances of getting breast cancer.’’ 
Just a moment about the triplenegative breast cancer, when I saw firsthand a very wonderful professional in my community go very quickly, first at the diagnosis and then the short term survival that she experienced. 
cancer whose cells do not have estrogen receptors and progesterone receptors and do not have an excess of the HER2 protein on their cell membrane of tumor cells. 
So what does that mean? TNBC accounts for between 13 and 25 percent of all breast cancer in the United States. It is a higher grade, onset is younger, is more aggressive, and is likely to metastasize. 
metastatic triplenegative breast cancer do not live more than 5 years after being diagnosed, and it impacts various ethnicities and ethnic groups in a far different way. 
women are more likely to be diagnosed with large tumors, but it impacts women of all backgrounds, racial backgrounds as well. 
this amendment that I have had the privilege of offering in years past. Might they also take note of the fact that the amendment would not change the overall level of budget authority, and it would lower the overall level of outlays. 
I add this article into the RECORD , ‘‘A 
New Drug for Triple Negative Breast Cancers Seems Promising,’’ dated June 5, 2015. 
States military can do under the research development test and evaluation is powerful. There are many women and men in the military and many women throughout the Nation and around the world who would benefit greatly from the additional focus on this very deadly disease, deadly form of breast cancer. 
FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the 
floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. 
explain my amendment, which is identical to an amendment that I offered and was adopted in last year’s Defense Appropriations Act (H.R. 4870). 
Defense Health Program’s research and development by $10 million. These funds will address the question of breast cancer in the United States military. 
Women in the military have had to fight battles against Triple Negative Breast cancer and far too many of them are losing the battle. 
study of triple negative breast cancer which is an aggressive and deadly type of breast cancer. 
Currently, 70% of women with metastatic triple negative breast cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed. TNBC accounts for between 13% and 25% of all breast cancer in the United States. 
multifaceted targeted treatments for this type of breast cancer. 
molecular cause for TNBC in order to develop an effective treatment regime. 
It is only in the last few years that professionals studying breast cancer have concluded that breast cancer is not one disease, but many different forms of cancer all originating in the breast. 
term used to describe breast cancers whose cells do not have estrogen receptors and progesterone receptors, and do not have an excess of the HER2 protein on their cell membrane of tumor cells 
cells: TNBC accounts for between 13% and 25% of all breast cancer in the United States; usually of a higher grade and size; onset at a younger age; are more aggressive; and are more likely to metastasize. 
triple negative breast cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed. 
likely to develop triplenegative breast cancer than White women. 
TNBC of 26% vs. 16% in nonAfrican Americans women. 
The survival rate for breast cancer has increased to 90% for White women but only 78% for African American Women. 
to be diagnosed with larger tumors and more advanced stages of breast cancer. 
treatment methods, such as hormone and gene based strains, have higher survival rates than the triple negative subtype, highlighting the need for a targeted treatment. 
funding for biomarker selection, drug discovery, and clinical trial designs that will lead to the early detection of TNBC and to the development of multiple targeted therapies to treat this awful disease. 
negative breast cancer can be extremely aggressive and more likely to recur and metastasize than other subtypes of breast cancer. 
although it can be more difficult to treat because it is unresponsive to the most effective receptor targeted treatments. 
increasingly recognizing the importance of TNBC as an entity and focusing their efforts on several key areas. 
On June 5, 2015, it was reported that ‘‘A 
New Drug For Triple Negative Breast Cancer Seems Promising—Enzalutamide.’’ 
triple negative breast cancer is critically need to improve the survival rates of women who are diagnosed with the disease. 
detect triple negative breast cancer while it is in its early stages, which could increase survival rates. 
nearly everyone’s heart, as, by far, it is the most common cancer that women can get. In fact, oneoutofeight women will be diagnosed at some point in their lives. Early detection remains the most important tool we have against fighting breast cancer, but it’s only one tool. Not at all tests reliably show all breast cancers in their early stages, and many breast cancers are not detected until they begin to metastasize, or spread to remote locations in the body, which makes them incurable. They can be treated, but it is medically deemed impossible to cure at that point in time, with various metastatic lesions having to be handled as they appear— which means more chemo, more radiation, more lost quality of life. 
there are actually several kinds of breast cancer—not all are the same or are treated the same. Many breast cancers have hormone receptors which are considered easier to treat the other types, because when biological therapy denies the tumor of the particular hormone that feeds it, the tumor dies. 
does not respond to hormone or biological therapies—that’s because the tumor does not have those receptors. It also is a particularly aggressive cancer that usually strikes women in their childbearing years and moves quickly to the brain and bones. Lumpectomies, Mastectomies, chemotherapy, and radiation have been the medical standard, but often with dismal results—the five year prognosis for triplenegative breast cancer is not good. 
promising in the fight against this disease that takes far too many young women. A drug used to treat prostate cancer in men seems promising—called Enzalutamide— shows promise in a subset of women with advanced triplenegative breast cancer. For 
women whose tumors express the androgen receptor (approximately 40 percent) the drug shrank or stopped tumor activity. 
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, who specializes in breast cancer, spoke about the trial which included 118 women, 47 percent of which had triplenegative breast cancer with androgen receptors. 
‘‘Enzalutamide is an oral therapy and extremely well tolerated. We are seeing impressive improvements in progressionfree survival [PFS] and in the clinical benefit rate. AR by immunohistochemistry is not perfect in predicting who is going to respond. This is not the whole story. We found that even those with really low AR expression level have had great responses [on trial. Combining AR expression with the gene signature has allowed us to enrich for the population that appears to truly benefit from enzalutamide. This is the most exciting data we have had in triplenegative breast cancer and certainly supports moving this therapy forward in development.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Again, I thank the staff, the chairman, and the ranking member for their commitment to the betterment of the lives of our young men and women in the United States military. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The amendment was agreed to. The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2078, 2091, 2092, and 2093), $76,680,000, to remain available until expended. 
For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $7,372,047,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017. 
For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $17,237,724,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017: Provided , That funds appropriated in 
this paragraph which are available for the V– 22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. 
For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $23,163,152,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017. 
the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,207,171,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
of the funds made available in this paragraph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to include program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept demonstration; engineering, testing, and validation; and transition to fullscale production: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further , That 
this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. 
New Mexico. I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,543,000) (increased by $3,543,000 )’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from New Mexico and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
New Mexico. Mr. Chair, at a time when the United States is facing constantly evolving global threats from a wide range of enemies, our military urgently needs the technology to monitor and respond to these threats. 
to wait decades or even years for the development and launch of surveillance or communications satellites. 
ORS, allows the U.S. to quickly respond to the emerging and often unanticipated needs of the warfighter. The program rapidly develops new capabilities, giving our military the ability to launch fieldready satellites extremely quickly. 
These costeffective satellites provide transformational advantages on the battlefield. They provide surveillance, tactical communications, countercommunications, space protection, space situational awareness, and weather data from around the world to assist our military in combating our enemies. You don’t have to take my word for 
it. Air Force leadership has consistently praised the program as an effective national security tool. General Schwartz, the former Chief of Staff of the Air Force, said: ‘‘ORS is exactly what we need. Innovation and greater efficiency as we contend with ongoing fiscal constraints and changing space posture.’’ 
of the Air Force, recently said that we ‘‘have to look at space now as a warfighting domain,’’ and he went on to say that doing so requires us to ‘‘look at different ways of building, maintaining, and improving the assets we currently have in space and the capabilities they provide in new and different ways than the very functionally developed, large program, large investment over long periods of time that have dominated the space architecture up until this point.’’ 
ORS plays a critical role beyond immediate response to our needs on the battlefield. 
The U.S. also needs to have the ability to relaunch crucial military communication and even weather satellites that are lost to countermeasures by other countries. In 2007, China used a groundbased missile to destroy a satellite orbiting more than 500 miles in space, demonstrating their capacity to target our national security satellites and space defense systems. 
The U.S.China Economic and Security Review Commission’s 2014 report to Congress notes that ‘‘China, in 2014, continued to pursue a broad counterspace program to challenge U.S. information superiority in a conflict and disrupt or destroy U.S. satellites if necessary . . . China likely will be able to hold at risk U.S. national security satellites in every orbital regime in the next 5 to 10 years.’’ 
based missile and space defense system capable of destroying satellites. As other countries modernize their military, the threat level to our communications, navigation, and guided munitions satellites intensifies. 
ranking member for including some funding for ORS in this year’s bills, but I do not believe that it is fully adequate to fund this vital program. Without sufficient funds, ORS cannot produce the space systems that give our military an advantage on the battlefield. It is not in our best interest to solely focus on building satellites that take decades to develop, build, and launch, and cost billions of dollars. 
to maintaining our advantage in space and bringing muchneeded capabilities to our warfighters, I understand the committee is not at this time able to reallocate additional funds to this very important program. I hope to continue to work with the committee as the appropriations process moves forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from New Mexico? 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 33, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer this amendment with Congressman ROONEY , my cochair of 
be the signature injury among our Nation’s servicemembers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. More than 300,000 troops have been diagnosed with mild TBI since 2000. This number continues to increase as identification and detection methods become more accurate. Despite these staggering figures, there was a decrease of 20 percent from last year’s funding level. Our amendment would restore the same funding level to the TBI program. 
The program supports the DOD’s Psychological Health and TBI Center of Excellence in its efforts to educate servicemembers and their families, enhance clinical and management approaches, and facilitate other vital services to best serve the needs of our servicemembers impacted by TBI and psychological health problems. 
significant strides in improving both intheater and postincident assessment and diagnosis, but still more needs to be done in evaluating troops’ ability to return to duty. As it is, we are not living up to our responsibility in caring for servicemembers who have already been diagnosed with TBI. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I seek time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to use this time to heap compliments upon my colleague from New Jersey who heads up the Congressional Brain Injury Task Force and has been providing that leadership and support, and it is certainly bipartisan. 
has been very active in supporting this type of work and research. And for the 
which includes a plus up of $100 million above the request level of $55 million for traumatic brain injury and psychological health research. 
million in operation and maintenance funding within the Defense Health Program to care for servicemembers affected by traumatic brain injuries and psychological maladies. 
slow spend down of some of the money. Of course, if we are here on the floor advocating, as we should, for such an important program, we need to ensure that the bureaucracy gets the money spent. I am sure my colleague from New Jersey would agree that if we are going to put money on the table, let’s make sure they spend it rapidly to address this evergrowing problem which affects so many people who come off the battlefield. I commend the gentleman and support his amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $170,558,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017. 
For National Defense Sealift Fund programs, projects, and activities, and for expenses of the National Defense Reserve Fleet, as established by section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. App. 1744), and for the necessary expenses to maintain and preserve a U.S.flag merchant fleet to serve the national security needs of the United States, $474,164,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
none of the funds provided in this paragraph shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of any of the following major components unless such components are manufactured in the United States: auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services; propulsion system components (engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes: Provided further, That the exercise of an option in a contract awarded through the obligation of previously appropriated funds shall not be considered to be the award of a new contract: Provided further , That none of the funds provided in this paragraph shall be used to 
award a new contract for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels, including procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future: Provided further , That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive the restrictions in the first proviso on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. 
for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $31,440,009,000; of which $29,489,521,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017, and of which up to $13,972,542,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $373,287,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2018, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,577,201,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided , That, notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further , That of the 
funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $597,100,000 shall be made available to the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
to offer this amendment that would set aside $1 million for studying a neglected segment of suicides within our Armed Forces. Our brave men and women in uniform risk their lives every day to keep us safe and free, yet they often don’t get the care that they deserve. 
subject in the past, we have recently seen a need for research that deals with high suicide rates among our female 
servicemembers and veterans. This week, the Los Angeles Times reported on a recently released study which found female military veterans commit suicide at nearly six times the rate of other women. 
This new government research released in the journal of Psychiatric Services went even further, reporting that female veterans between the ages of 18 and 29 are nearly twelve times more likely to commit suicide than nonmilitary women. We need to do better by the women who risk their lives to protect our Nation. We cannot sit idly by while our female servicemembers and veterans suffer in silence. 
million to study the possible causes for this level of suicides among our women in uniform. Servicerelated causes like traumatic brain injuries and PTSD, in addition to nonservice related factors such as adverse childhood experiences, financial troubles, and other external stressors, must be investigated if we hope to seriously confront this travesty head on. 
suicide gap between men and women is shrinking. Men typically have higher suicide rates than women. When military service is incorporated, the gap between the two shrinks significantly. 
that we don’t know enough about to confront. Until we understand why we are seeing this horrific trend, we cannot help the women who bravely serve. 
When we are faced with rising generations where female veterans are twelve times more likely than nonmilitary women to commit suicide, we need to take action. My amendment will conduct a study to understand how we get here, so we can move forward and take real action to address this crisis. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provisions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $720,721,000, of which $139,098,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $50,743,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program, consisting of $21,289,000 for activities on military installations and $29,454,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, to assist State and local governments; $2,281,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2018, of which $2,281,000 
shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $579,342,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $569,339,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. 
For drug interdiction and counterdrug activities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $878,298,000, of which $616,811,000 shall be for counternarcotics support; $113,589,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; and $147,898,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug program: Provided , That 
the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided 
or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act. 
the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $316,159,000, of which $314,059,000, shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made on the Inspector General’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. 
Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. 
contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. 
provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided , That salary increases 
granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further , That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. 
contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. 
appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided , That this section 
shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further , 
That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further , That no 
part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for reprogramming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple 
reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2016: Provided further , That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. 
tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. 
enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the report shall include— 
separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; 
cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided , That transfers may be made 
transfers may be made between working capital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further , that except in amounts 
equal to the amounts appropriated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. 
may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. 
contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further , That no part of any 
appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further , 
That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the execution of 
multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further , That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— 
to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of aircraft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which procurement funds are requested in that budget request for production beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; 
do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; 
the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and 
adjustment based on a failure to award a followon contract. 
available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further , That upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army 
that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. 
by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before the Congress. 
by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a fulltime student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a fulltime student is credited toward completion of a service commitment: Provided , That this section shall not apply to 
those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided further, That this section applies only to active 
this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot MentorProtege Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a MentorProtege Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided , That 
for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further , That for 
the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further , That when adequate 
the Department of Defense in the current fiscal year or any fiscal year hereafter may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. 
funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided , That the Secretary of 
Defense may waive this restriction on a case bycase basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. 
this Act, $15,000,000 shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided , That a prime contractor or a 
for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psychological activities. 
in this Act, not less than $39,500,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— 
waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counterdrug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. 
Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided , That a member of any 
such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. 
law, none of the funds available to the department from any source during fiscal year 2016 may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. 
law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2016, not more than 5,750 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided , 
That of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided 
to staff years funded in the National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Military Intelligence Program (MIP). 
submission of the department’s fiscal year 2017 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. 
this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $88,400,000. 
or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Governmentowned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Provided , That these procurement restrictions 
shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of carbon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability 
for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply 
to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense related articles, through competition between Department of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided , 
That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further , 
That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. 
‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 479a1). 
appropriations which are available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. 
a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or 
center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated January 27, 2014. 
year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. 
the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2017 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2017 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. 
by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subsequent fiscal 
or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and development acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. 
Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. 
by this Act shall be available for a contract for studies, analysis, or consulting services entered into without competition on the basis of an unsolicited proposal unless the head of the activity responsible for the procurement determines— 
an unsolicited proposal which offers significant scientific or technological promise, represents the product of original thinking, and was submitted in confidence by one source; or 
advantage of unique and significant industrial accomplishment by a specific concern, or to insure that a new product or idea of a specific concern is given financial support: Provided , That this limitation shall not 
Armed Forces or civilian employee of the department who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. 
a publicprivate competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan developed by such activity or function; 
health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activity or function under the contract; or 
sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
contracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. 
amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: 
this Act may be used to reduce the authorized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force 
Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military technicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that purpose. 
for operation and maintenance of the Military Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided , That 
nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. 
the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. 
by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided , That the Secretary of 
the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further , That this restriction 
shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commercial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. 
Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. 
may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. 
projects, or activities to the extent they contribute to the extramural budget. 
the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— 
in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and 
no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. 
the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance, an obligation or an adjustment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— 
chargeable (except as to amount) to the expired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that account; 
chargeable to any current appropriation account of the Department of Defense; and 
in the case of an expired account, if subsequent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the authority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Provided further , That the total amount charged 
to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. 
provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a spaceavailable, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a casebycase basis. 
shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 
this Act or any other Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, pursuant to a determination under section 2690 of title 10, United States Code, may implement costeffective agreements for required heating facility modernization in the Kaiserslautern Military Community in the Federal Republic of Germany: Provided , That in the City of 
Kaiserslautern and at the Rhine Ordnance Barracks area, such agreements will include the use of United States anthracite as the base load energy for municipal district heat to the United States Defense installations: Provided further , That at Landstuhl Army 
Regional Medical Center and Ramstein Air Base, furnished heat may be obtained from private, regional or municipal services, if provisions are included for the consideration of United States coal as an energy source. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Each year, the Department of Defense ships coal from Tamaqua, Pennsylvania, about 3,000 miles away to an Air Force base in Germany, costing taxpayers millions of dollars more than if we simply treated this particular base like every other military base in the world. 
Why do we do this? Since 1972, each Defense Appropriations act has included an earmark requiring that the Pentagon purchase anthracite coal from Pennsylvania to heat this base in Kaiserslautern, Germany. This is wasteful spending, pure and simple. 
zombie earmark and save taxpayers millions of dollars each year. 
that the government purchase more than a million tons of anthracite coal each year to power overseas bases and installations, but today, the Department of Defense purchases only about 5,000 to 9,000 tons of coal annually, and it is to meet the requirements of this specific base in Kaiserslautern. It costs taxpayers millions of dollars each time. According to the last study we did on this, which was way back in 1989, the Department of Defense, the State Department, and the Department of Commerce jointly concluded that these mandates had cost U.S. taxpayers $1.1 billion, and that was 26 years ago, so it is a lot more since then. 
Congress to remove this wasteful earmark and allow the use of cheaper fuel 
to power our military base in Germany. President after President has urged the removal of this earmark— both Republicans and Democrats— every President since Jimmy Carter and including President Ronald Reagan. Today, we have an opportunity to finally achieve that goal. 
would be proof positive, I think, to Americans back home that Republicans and Democrats can work together to cut wasteful spending. I urge my colleagues to support the Huffman McClintock amendment. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
war on coal that is waged by some of my friends on the left, but I do support the war on waste, and I support this amendment based upon that fiscal imperative. 
Just a few weeks ago, socalled defense hawks demanded spending well in excess of budget caps because, they said, our defense spending had been stretched to the breaking point. In light of those warnings, I find it inexcusable that these scarce defense dollars would be so recklessly squandered to continue to fund a corrupt earmark from a disgraced and deceased Pennsylvania Congressman, an earmark that dates back more than 40 years. 
said, requires that one—and only one— American Air Force base must purchase 9,000 tons of Pennsylvania anthracite coal a year at the grossly inflated price that is estimated to be about $20 million. That is about 80 percent more expensive than commonly used coal, and that doesn’t include the cost of transporting this overpriced coal across the Atlantic Ocean and halfway across the European continent—a cost that is absorbed elsewhere in the Air Force budget. The excuse is that we would otherwise be dependent on Putin, but that doesn’t hold water. No other U.S. military base in all of Europe is required to buy this coal, only Kaiserslautern. 
The Pentagon and successive Presidents have consistently protested this waste, but these protests have fallen on deaf ears in Congress even while we are told our defense spending has been cut to the bone. 
If we don’t change the spending trajectory of this government, the Congressional Budget Office warns, in the next 10 years, just paying the interest on the national debt will greatly exceed our entire Defense budget. That makes rooting out waste like this a national defense imperative. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am not an expert in coal, and I am not an expert in what these men describe as an earmark, but I do know that coal is reliable, that it is costeffective, that it is domestically produced, and that it has been used at this Air Force base for a long time. This provision both promotes domestic resources of energy and ensures that our bases and that particular base have a reliable, continuous source of energy for their daily operations. 
notion that Germany is under attack by Russian aggression, and Russia would at any time cut off fuel supplies, as they have done to other countries in Eastern Europe. Europe, as an area, as a continent, remains heavily reliant on Russia for its energy, and Russia uses its leverage on an annual basis to quiet potential opposition to that aggression in Ukraine and other parts of the region. This is a stark reminder of how important it is to ensure that our military has a reliable domestic source of energy wherever it is in the world. This may be an unusual circumstance, but I see no reason to change it. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, we 
have well over 30 other defense installations in Germany and hundreds of others across the globe. To my knowledge—and I have made inquiries on this subject—not a single one of those installations operates with a congressionally mandated fuel source like the one we are talking about here. The Kaiserslautern facility is, truly, one of a kind. 
that provides the Pentagon the flexibility to ensure that our military installations continue to have reliable, 
cheaper, and cleaner energy sources in the years ahead. The congressional mandate in question was added to the Defense Appropriations bill over 40 years ago to an accumulated cost of well over $1 billion to the taxpayers. 
national security. This is not a weapons system. This is not funding to support or protect our troops. This isn’t doing anything for our country or our national security except wasting taxpayer dollars and making one particular coal company in eastern Pennsylvania a little bit richer. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. The Clerk will read. 
Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide’’, $20,000,000 shall be for support of high priority Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program requirements and activities, including the training and funding of personnel: Provided , That the 
funds are made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further , That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further , That this 
transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. 
title IV of this Act may be used to procure enditems for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or inventory requirements: Provided , That this restriction does not apply to enditems used in development, prototyping, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further , That this 
restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case bycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. 
may, on a casebycase basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from foreign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate reciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. 
on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
this Act may be used for any training, equipment, or other assistance for a unit of a foreign security force if the Secretary of Defense has credible information that the unit has committed a gross violation of human rights. 
available to the Department of State relating to human rights violations by such unit. 
shall establish, and periodically update, procedures to ensure that any information in the possession of the Department of Defense about gross violations of human rights by units of foreign security forces is shared on a timely basis with the Department of State. 
or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 
waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national interest to do so. 
provide a classified quarterly report beginning 30 days after enactment of this Act, to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. 
this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovernmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center fire cartridge and a United States military 
by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States unless such malt beverages and wine are procured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided , That in a case in which 
the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is located: Provided further , That such local procurement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic beverages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with another State: Provided further , That alcoholic 
beverages other than wine and malt beverages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. 
this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $76,611,750 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further , That contracts entered into 
under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Provided 
further , That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. 
for the National Intelligence Program budget, including through the creation of a new 
budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; 
and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. 
agencies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and 
alter or affect the application of section 1623 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 to the amounts made available by this Act. 
elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. 
this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’, $487,595,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided , That of this 
amount, $55,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter shortrange rocket threats, subject to the U.S.Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $286,526,000 shall be for the Short Range Ballistic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, including cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $15,000,000 shall be for production activities of SRBMD missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures; $89,550,000 shall be for an uppertier component to the 
$56,519,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further , That funds made 
available under this provision for production of missiles and missile components may be transferred to appropriations available for the procurement of weapons and equipment, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $389,305,000 shall be available until September 30, 2016, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Provided , That upon enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further , That the amounts 
transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appropriations to which transferred to: 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2009/2016: LPD–17 Amphibious Transport Dock Program $22,860,000; 
Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2016: Joint High Speed Vessel $22,597,000; and 
or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2016 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. 
fiscal year 2017 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in contingency operations for the Military Personnel accounts, the Operation and Maintenance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided , That these 
documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency operation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided further, That these documents shall include estimated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further , That 
these documents shall include budget exhibits OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. 
may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. 
or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided , That the Air Force shall allow the 
53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the non hurricane season. 
this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided , That 
information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. 
for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. 
funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding authorities for humanitarian assistance, security assistance or combined exercise expenses: Provided further , That funds may not 
be obligated to provide assistance to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. 
by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the 
separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; 
reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. 
by this Act may be used to eliminate, restructure, or realign Army Contracting Command–New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Contracting Command–New Jersey sites without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees. 
by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 1206 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3456), or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. 
Intelligence Community Management Account for the Program Manager for the Information Sharing Environment, $20,000,000 is available for transfer by the Director of National Intelligence to other departments and agencies for purposes of Government wide information sharing activities: Provided , That funds transferred under this provision are to be merged with and available 
for the same purposes and time period as the 
Budget must approve any transfers made under this provision. 
term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
continue to report incremental contingency operations costs for Operation Inherent Resolve, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, and any named successor operations, on a monthly basis and any other operation designated and identified by the Secretary of Defense for the purposes of section 127a of title 10, United States Code, on a semiannual basis in the Cost of War Execution Report as prescribed in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation Department of Defense Instruction 7000.14, Volume 12, Chapter 23 ‘‘Contingency Operations’’, Annex 1, dated September 2005. 
may be available for the purpose of making remittances and transfers to the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. 
its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or 
apply with respect to a contractor’s or subcontractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. 
alternative would not avoid harm to national security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. 
Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of sections 1661, 1662, or 1663 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
report quarterly the numbers of civilian personnel end strength by appropriation account for each and every appropriation account used to finance Federal civilian personnel salaries to the congressional defense committees within 15 days after the end of each fiscal quarter. 
authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further , That a request for multiple 
reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2016. 
or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, 
or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Indiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment that I have offered deals with the detainees at Guantanamo Bay. I would suggest to my colleagues that the continued operation of the facility at Guantanamo Bay reduces our Nation’s credibility and weakens our national security by providing terrorist organizations with recruitment material. 
I do regret that the bill and other relevant appropriations acts continue this or any attempts to close Guantanamo by prohibiting viable alternatives. Also, as we are debating an appropriation bill, and this committee has to pay for things, I think it is appropriate to discuss the cost of the detention facility at Guantanamo. We are now spending approximately $2.7 million annually per inmate, which is about 35 times the cost per inmate in a supermaximum Federal prison in the United States. 
transferred approximately 620 detainees from Guantanamo since May of 2002, with 532 transfers occurring during President Bush’s administration and slightly in excess of 88 transfers occurring during the current administration. 
crimes related to international terrorism have been—and I would emphasize this to my colleagues—successfully convicted in the United States since 2001. It includes one former GTMO detainee who was tried in New York City, the Times Square bomber; Richard Reid, the shoe bomber; and others. All of them are incarcerated in our Federal prisons throughout the United States, and there have been no security incidents. Further, there are six Defense Department facilities where Guantanamo Bay detainees could be held in the United States that are currently only at 48 percent of their end capacity. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN), who is a member of the House 
in opposition to the amendment. These important provisions that are already included in the law have been included in the past several appropriations bills for several years running, and there is a reason that they are there. This wording represents a strong and enduring consensus in Congress that Guantanamo should remain open and that detainees should not be transferred to the United States for any reason. This is debated back and forth in agreement on both sides of the aisle. 
unknown consequences for a number of U.S. communities, and it is impossible for any of us to know how many detainees might be brought there, where they might be held, and the impacts on communities and facilities that are holding them. It is also impossible to know what the cost might be, so we are asking for this unknown to be pursued without knowing the risks or knowing the costs. 
the administration originally proposed, would be disruptive and potentially disastrous. We know former FBI Director Mueller had stated: To transfer detainees to local jails could affect or infect other prisoners or have the capability of affecting events outside the prison system. 
face of ISIS is to convert more folks to extremism. The idea of bringing detainees for trials in the United States quickly collapsed as local jurisdictions voiced their strong opposition. We heard that across the United States. 
detainees that have been released from Guantanamo have gone back to the fight and killed and wounded Americans. The threat is real, and Guantanamo is already equipped to handle the detention and military trial of these individuals as appropriate. Any proposal that results in these detainees being sent to the United States for any reason is simply the wrong policy. We have tread this ground time and time and time again. 
and urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. 
my time, let me thank the gentleman for his comments, and may I add emphasis to what he said. 
been released from Guantanamo have gone back to the fight and been involved in the killing of Americans in the Middle East is repugnant and makes all of us angry. That is literally 
what has happened. We read about it in open sources, and we can speculate because I think sometimes these things are not reported, that a lot of these people that have been released have gone back and actually headed up efforts to ambush our soldiers and kill our soldiers and seek vengeance. In reality, I am glad these people continue to be locked away. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I would 
simply say that the gentleman from Virginia noted that there is supposition and unknown in the future, and that is certainly correct. What is known is that we are a nation of laws, and our military protects this country so that we can continue to be governed by those laws. I, for one, happen to think that the indefinite detention of any human being without a trial is violative of those laws, and that that is a foundational principle of our Nation, and we ought to conduct ourselves accordingly. I would ask my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment which would strike the section of the bill restricting the use of funds for building and modifying facilities in the United States to house prisoners presently at Guantanamo Bay. 
strike this section is straightforward. The detainees at Guantanamo Bay must be brought to justice. Those who are guilty of terrorism need to be tried and punished in a swift and judicious manner. Any detainee who is innocent should, with equal speed and sincerity, be released. 
and underline the importance of this amendment. The first is Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind behind the attack on the United States on 9/11. Since 2006, Mr. Mohammed has been detained at Guantanamo, where he has yet to be tried, convicted, or appropriately punished for his heinous actions. Justice for the victims, for the families who lost loved ones at the World Trade Center, at the Pentagon, and in Pennsylvania must be carried out. So far, this has not happened. 
managed to try and convict anyone at Guantanamo, more than 400 terrorists, including the 9/11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui, have been tried, convicted, and sentenced in the Federal courts in the United States without incident and in a manner befitting the American justice system. No convicted terrorist has ever escaped from a U.S. prison, and no prison has ever been compromised or been subject to an attack because of the dangerous persons being held within. 
of Mr. Shaker Aamer, which came to my attention in a recent New York Times editorial or oped piece authored by a bipartisan group of British members of Parliament. In November 2001, Mr. Aamer, a British permanent resident, was doing charity work in Afghanistan when he was picked up by the Northern Alliance, sold to Americans for a bounty, and taken to Bagram prison before being moved to Guantanamo in February 2002. He was cleared for release by President Bush in 2007 and cleared again by President Obama in 2010. Six different U.S. agencies agreed, including the CIA, the FBI, the Departments of State and Defense, while Prime Minister David Cameron and the House of Commons unanimously have called for Mr. Aamer’s immediate release and transfer to Britain. 
Aamer has never been charged with anything and has twice been cleared for transfer. Every American agency that has looked at this says that he has not been a terrorist and did not fight against the United States. There is no 
reason for him to remain in this custodial purgatory; yet he remains a detainee at the Guantanamo Bay facility. 
the bill, people like Mr. Aamer, guilty of nothing—not terrorists, not fighters against the United States—will be unjustly imprisoned, and people like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed who are guilty—probably, we think—of terrorism will not be tried. 
Guantanamo have avoided facing the consequences of answering to a U.S. court for their horrendous actions, while innocent detainees are denied recourse for continuing their detention. 
people in prison indefinitely for no reason, with no trial. The opponents of this amendment must not share my faith in America’s courts to deliver justice. For hundreds of years, our legal system has kept Americans safe by imprisoning dangerous individuals while protecting those who are innocent of any charges. 
have successfully proven their ability to convict criminals and terrorists without violating the rights of due process. This amendment represents a return to our founding principles, that no person may be deprived of liberty without due process of law. 
continue to hold terrorists and innocents alike, indefinitely and without charge, contrary to every tradition this country stands for. 
people, release the innocent, and restore our national honor. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ). 
equipped to hold these detainees. The military tribunals there, if allowed to do so, are able to try these detainees. Again, they were captured under the rules of engagement as enemy combatants. Let’s make sure that we are putting them in that situation to be tried as such. 
have spoken vocally to say, No, we do not want these detainees here, for a variety reasons. One is they are worried about security there. I know the argument is, Well, the facilities here in the United States can hold them. That is not the single issue. The issue is the communities’ concern about what the outcomes of the movement of these detainees will be here today. 
the United States from outside the United States by forces like ISIS. 
Think about the opportunity as those detainees are moved here and the notoriety that they will attain and how the press will cover it and that being used in addition to radicalize folks on the side of extremism. That is another issue that I believe needs to be addressed. 
Again, GTMO is working. It is detaining these individuals, enemy combatants that have been picked up on the battlefield. It has been, I believe, the determination of this body through extensive debate that we shouldn’t build facilities here specifically for that purpose and that GTMO is well suited to do the job. 
Mr. NADLER. The continued repetition of untruths does not make them true. 
the battlefield. Mr. Aamer, whom I referenced, for example, was picked up doing charity work in Afghanistan. He was picked up by a faction of the Northern Alliance, which then sold him for a bounty to the United States. He was not a fighter. He was not on the battlefield. He was a victim of a kidnapping by a foreign faction. 
President Bush, President Obama, the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, the British Parliament—agrees on the facts with him; yet we hear that everybody was a fighter. No, they weren’t. Some were; probably most were. 
will try these people. Well, Mr. Aamer has been in Guantanamo for 9 years. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has been in Guantanamo for 15 years. They can’t get their act together. Every time they try to hold military tribunals, there is another legal objection. Federal courts have tried, convicted, and imprisoned 400 terrorists. 
in jail indefinitely because we repeat that they were caught on the battlefield, when some were not, hoping for a military tribunal that doesn’t occur, is not American. It is unAmerican. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guantanamo 
Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the 
individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity except in accordance with section 1035 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
three amendments that have the same purpose. This one would strike the section of the bill that makes it more difficult to transfer Guantanamo detainees to other countries. 
I find it surrealistic. We have now debated two amendments tonight, and all we hear in opposition are repeated statements that everyone at Guantanamo is a terrorist—not true—and that everyone in Guantanamo is picked up on the foreign battlefield, fighting—not true. It is demonstrably not true. 
Some of the people in Guantanamo are terrorists. Some of the people in Guantanamo are picked up on the battlefield. Some were not. 
who was picked up by a foreign faction in the Northern Alliance and sold for a bounty because the United States offered a bounty for people who someone claimed was a terrorist. Everyone looked into it and said he wasn’t a terrorist, he wasn’t a combatant; yet he stays in Guantanamo. 
per year. There are communities in the United States which can handle these trials. I can think of no honest reason why we would not want the terrorists to be tried. 
military tribunal; let them try it, but the fact is they haven’t been able to. They have been trying the military tribunals for 10 years now, and they haven’t succeeded in convicting one person. They have had three plea bargains, no convictions, and no trials in the last 8 or 9 years. 
Why not save money, try the people we think are guilty, get a guilty verdict, put them in maximum security prisons, and not hold people indefinitely without charge and without trial? That is simply unAmerican. 
Finally, we are engaged in an ideological war. Someone referenced radicalizing people. What radicalizes people more, what gives more evidence of the American bad faith and of anti Islamic sentiments of terrible behavior than Guantanamo? It is a symbol worldwide. It is a radicalizing influence. Our own generals have said that nothing has recruited more enemy soldiers than Guantanamo. 
who are there one way or the other, and do justice. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
I can think of no honest reason why these 
terrorists have not been prosecuted in a military tribunal. 
I can give him the answer to that. I 
don’t know if my friend from New York has actually been to Guantanamo Bay, but in 2010, I went there. As the administration came into office, if the gentleman met with the prosecutor at that time, he had assembled a team that had worked for over 2 years trying and prosecuting the terrorists of the World Trade Center attack. 
stack of hearings this tall that he had prevailed on. His life had been threatened. His team’s life had been threatened. He told all of us, Democrats and Republicans who went down there, that he would have guilty pleas on all those terrorists within 6 months. 
that didn’t happen, it is because, when the administration came into office, they canceled that prosecution, took him off the case, disbanded that whole prosecution; and to this day, they have not allowed that prosecution to go forward. 
question of why we haven’t prosecuted them in the military tribunals—the gentleman from Virginia said the facilities are there, the will was there, the hearings were there. The reason is because this administration has refused to prosecute them. 
I hope we will defeat these amendments, keep those terrorists there, or let this administration prosecute them. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, what is really surrealistic around here, to use the gentleman’s word, is that we spend more time on these Guantanamo detainees than we do on Americans locked up in Iranian prisons and jails—that is unconscionable—or with Americans detained in North Korea. 
people in those countries that we are trying to work with on the nuclear deal, such as the Iranians holding Americans prisoners. 
detainees. Ninetynine percent of them are guilty as hell, but we seem to be doing little in the public way to release Americans held in prisons in various 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, we all 
obviously want to free Americans unjustly held by North Korea or Iran or anybody else. I suspect the reason that we don’t spend a lot of time on the floor is because we all agree. There is nothing to debate. We obviously want them freed. 
scenes is doing whatever we can to do it; we should do whatever we can publicly, but that has nothing to do with Guantanamo. 
The fact of the matter is it isn’t that 
the administration decided not to prosecute people by military tribunals. That is not the case. It is that every time the Bush administration or the Obama administration tried to prosecute—and they have continued to try—another legal obstacle comes up. They have never worked it out. 
process down. I should say judicial decision after judicial decision as a result of appeal after appeal has shut the process down because they haven’t managed to find a military tribunal procedure that gives enough constitutional rights to pass judicial muster, but is short of a Federal article III court. That is why 400 terrorists have been convicted in article III Federal courts—and no terrorists—let them be tried properly, and let the innocent be freed. 
they are all guilty. How do we know that? How do we know that every single one of them is guilty? We know that some are not. By what right do we hold those who are guilty of nothing forever? It is a blot on American justice; it is a blot on our country’s representation, and we should stop it. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles, for any executive fleet, or for any agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential MemorandumFederal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any subsidiary of Rosoboronexport. 
ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. 
this or any other Act may be obligated or expended by the United States Government for the direct personal benefit of the President of Afghanistan. 
or death was not caused by action by an enemy. 
particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces under the program should be determined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should include such factors as cultural appropriateness and prevailing economic conditions. 
any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as determined by the Secretary of Defense. 
shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. 
shall be deemed to provide any new authority to the Secretary of Defense. 
this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or maintenance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and nondeployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. 
post grant awards on a public Web site in a searchable format. 
by this Act may be used to realign forces at Lajes Air Force Base, Azores, Portugal, until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary of Defense has determined, based on an analysis of operational requirements, that Lajes Air Force Base is not an optimal location for the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex. 
by this Act may be used to fund the performance of a flight demonstration team at a location outside of the United States: Provided , 
That this prohibition applies only if a performance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was canceled during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. 
by this Act may be used by the National Security Agency to— 
elsewhere in this Act for basic allowance for housing for military personnel, including active duty, reserve and National Guard personnel, $400,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to military personnel accounts: Provided , That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 
by this Act may be used to transfer or divest AH–64 Apache helicopters from the Army National Guard to the active Army in fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the Secretary of the 
Army shall ensure the continuing readiness of the AH–64 Apache aircraft and ensure the training of the crews of such aircraft during fiscal year 2016, including the allocation of funds for operation and maintenance and personnel connected with such aircraft: Provided further , That this section shall continue in effect through the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 115, line 2, strike ‘‘in fiscal year 2016’’ 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
its establishment, the National Guard has answered the call to defend our Nation and respond in times of crises. They have fought bravely with the Active Component, while continuing to achieve their mission here at home. 
At the height of the wars in Iraq and 
Afghanistan, nearly 50 percent of the Army’s total force was a mix of Reservists and members of the National Guard. The Pennsylvania National Guard alone contributed more than 42,000 individual deployments. 
Restructuring Initiative, or ARI, will have devastating impacts on all that the National Guard has achieved. ARI will result in the transfer of all National Guard Apache helicopters to the Active Component, leaving the National Guard less combatready. 
operational reserve for these aircraft, which is essential to the retention of talented aircrews. ARI represents a fundamental shift in the nature and role of the National Guard. 
the National Commission on the Future of the Army to offer a deliberate approach to addressing force structure issues such as ARI. Yet, as it stands now, many of these transfers will be long done before the Commission has 
reverse them. We need to allow the Commission time to do its work before the Army takes any harmful and irreversible actions. 
In the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, the House adopted an amendment to delay some Apache transfers until June 30, 2016. This amendment extends that responsible limitation to all National Guard Apaches, while also taking important steps to ensure continued readiness of the Apache fleet. 
proper balance between safeguarding our national security and preventing any premature Apache transfers. Only this can truly ensure that the irreparable harm is not done to the National Guard. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have a number of colleagues who want to speak, so I will be brief. 
amendment, if adopted, will undo last year’s compromise legislation that supported the Army’s critically important Aviation Restructuring Initiative. Part of that compromise was to establish a commission to study the force structure of the United States Army. I believe we should await that report. 
are restricted under the gentleman’s amendment, they would have to inactivate—and I would repeat this—they would have to inactivate one or more of the battalions in States such as New York, Kansas, and Hawaii, as well as drastically reduce the work going on into the remanufacture plant in 2016. 
Each battalion inactivation will result in the unplanned transfer of approximately 500 soldiers and 1,000 family members, driven by the absence of the aircraft needed to train the unit. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ), my good friend, 
we will see the transfer of all National Guard Apache helicopters to the Active Component while, just last year, this Congress created the National Commission on the Future of the Army to deliberate this change in force, this restructuring issue. 
isn’t this a squabble between one big brother and a little brother? And it kind of is. 
But we should care because the taxpayers have invested billions and billions of dollars over years to create the infrastructure within the Guard. But more importantly, this imposes 
on and weakens our national security because the Guard and the Reserve component is the repository for experience in Apache pilots. 
Apache on deployment over and over again on Active Duty but want to continue to serve your country, what do you do? You join the Reserve component. You come to the Guard. 
And those pilots have the most experience because they have flown on Active Duty and they have flown in the Guard for years and years and years. So when they deploy, that is who you want to fly with. That is who units want to fly with because they have the experience. 
Apache; it is that the United States needs the Apache. And should we transfer the Apache because the Army wants to pick on its little brother and can? And that is exactly what is happening here. 
listened to all the arguments. I have spent 34 years in uniform. None of them make any sense, and they can’t justify any of them. They talk big around this place in all kinds of acronyms that most people don’t understand, but none of it is justified. 
this, why we wouldn’t wait just till February to get the report from a Commission that we sponsored, that we authorized in this body. Why wouldn’t we wait till then? 
and when the Commission comes back and says don’t transfer the aircraft, oh, well, sorry, we already did that. Won’t we look foolish. 
But more importantly, isn’t this important for national security to have the experience there when called upon to go fight—and as the gentleman said, make up 50 percent of the force in the fight. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ). 
in opposition to the amendment to prohibit funding for any transfer of Apaches from the National Guard to the Active Army. 
I worked very closely to authorize a congressional review no less than 60 days following the Commission’s report release. 
And on the House floor, as an amendment to the NDAA, Mr. PALAZZO and I 
thoroughly examined and determined a fixed transfer date of Apaches no later than June 30. 
being used as a backdoor scheme and a delay tactic. This ploy places devastating impacts and potential deactivation of the Army’s Combat Aviation Brigades in States like New York, Kansas, Hawaii, Arizona, and overall Black Hawk modernization in California. 
home of the 10th Mountain Division, any delay would cause this high operational tempo unit to be left without an Aviation Brigade. 
Apache delay will have grave consequences on our Army’s readiness, deployment schedule, and our soldiers’ dwell time. A delay would severely limit the Army’s ability to meet expected operational requirements and place an even greater burden on our Nation’s brave servicemembers. 
some may be confused I want to clarify. In exchange for Apaches, the National Guard is set to receive fully modernized Black Hawks, which are essential to liftandrescue operations and remain critical to a State’s emergency response. Derailing, delaying, or limiting Apache transfers would, therefore, halt this Black Hawk modernization. 
soldiers from receiving the equipment they need to protect American lives overseas, and it is unconscionable. I am appalled that this is even being discussed and will continue to fight for an ontime transfer of the Apaches from the National Guard to the Active Army. 
from Pennsylvania has 1 minute remaining, and the gentleman from Indiana has 2 minutes remaining. 
only have one more speaker left, and it is my understanding that, as a member of the committee, I have the right to close. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I reserve the balance of my time until the gentleman concludes his remarks. 
conclusion, I would just urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important amendment to prevent the premature transfer of Apaches out of the National Guard until the Commission has had the opportunity to do its work. 
Commission for the very purpose of studying the impact of transfers such as Apaches out of the Guard after spending billions of dollars, as my colleague from Pennsylvania has said. 
of the taxpayers to build an operational reserve. We should not take this step until the Commission has completed its work. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, it is 
my pleasure to yield my remaining time to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY), my colleague from 
Mrs. ROBY. I thank the gentleman. I, too, rise in opposition to this 
amendment. I will enter into the RECORD a letter from General Odierno 
that I received, as well as others. It references the FY15 NDAA, which expressly allows for the transfer of Apaches with no restrictions on additional moves thereafter. 
from transferring any portion of the 72 Apaches, or must count aircraft inducted into the remanufacture line as part of that 72, we will have to inactivate one or more of the battalions in New York, Kansas, or Hawaii, as well as drastically reduce the work going in the remanufacture plant in 2016.’’ 
legislation may cause great damage to the readiness of the United States Army, create enormous disruption to the lives of thousands of military family members, harm our industrial base, and require us to send Soldiers into combat who may not be fully trained. Specifically, provisions in both the House and Senate versions of the Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), and the House version of the Defense Appropriations Act will, if enacted, undo last year’s compromise legislation that supported the Army’s critically important Aviation Restructuring Initiative (ARI). The proposals drastically alter the statutorily permitted movement of AH–64 Apache helicopters between the Army National Guard (ARNG) and the Regular Army in 2016—a transfer authorized in the FY15 NDAA. Accordingly, as discussed below, to protect our Soldiers and their Families, we request that you continue to support our comprehensive ARI plan. 
The National Guard Bureau’s (NGB) alternative to ARI proposed the transfer of 72 AH– 64 Apaches to the Regular Army; 
64 Apaches from the ARNG to the Regular Army would be resolved based on recommendations by the National Commission on the Future of the Army; and 
The GAO and the Office of the Secretary of 
Defense CAPE would conduct independent reviews of both ARI and the NGB alternative, both of which have since confirmed that the ARI plan is less costly and provides greater warfighting capacity than the NGB alternative. 
NDAA allowed the Army, with the certification of the Secretary of Defense, to transfer 48 AH–64 Apaches between October 2015 and March 2016, with no restrictions on additional moves thereafter. Nevertheless, recognizing Congressional concern, the Army specifically committed to transferring no more than 24 additional Apaches in FY16 for a total of 72, which precisely matched the number in the National Guard’s alternative proposal. Our FY16 plan provided Congress with time to act upon the results the Commission’s report (to be delivered in February 2016); allowed for the normal induction of aircraft into the AH–64 remanufacture line in Arizona; and preserved the Army’s ability to deploy trained and equipped Soldiers and units into combat. We strictly adhered to FY15 NDAA and made critical programmatic 
The key points of the Army plan for FY16, 
which is based on the FY15 NDAA, are below: 
ARNG to the 25th Infantry Division (ID) in Hawaii; 
ARNG to the 10th Mountain Division in New York after 31 March 2016; and 
Should Congress now dismantle this carefully crafted plan, it would not only be disruptive, but also dangerous for our Soldiers. As you know, several proposed legislative changes either prohibit our ability to transfer any or part of the 72 aircraft or require us to count airframes, which were inducted into the remanufacture process in 2014, against the permitted transfers in FY16. The potential impacts of these provisions are stark. 
portion of the 72 Apaches (24 in October 2015, 24 in February 2016, and 24 in July 2016), or must count aircraft inducted into the remanufacture line as part of that 72, we will have to inactivate one or more of the battalions in New York, Kansas, or Hawaii, as well as drastically reduce the work going into the remanufacture plant in 2016: 
the unplanned transfer of approximately 500 Soldiers and 1,000 family members, driven by the absence of the aircraft needed to train the unit; 
(CAB) of 2,500 Soldiers each, will become combat ineffective, because they will be missing their reconnaissance units, which is half of their attack capability, thus depriving the entire brigade this crucial capability; 
combat aviation force could be rendered ineffective, leaving only eight fully ready CABs in 2016—compared to the 13 Regular Army CABs that existed prior to the inactivation of two in FY15; it should be noted that the ARNG has not reduced a single aircraft or unit in this same time frame; 
We will not be able to meet PACOM requirements for a ‘‘nonotice’’ Korea warfight; 
in Iraq and Afghanistan without the proper training in Joint Combined Arms maneuver from the 25th ID, 1st ID, and 10th Mountain Division; additionally, the remaining Apache Battalions would have to extend the amount of time they are deployed (note, they are already operating at a 1:1.5 deploy to dwell ratio); and 
AH–64E remanufacture line, because we could not, under certain provisions, process 24 Apaches from the ARNG. Additionally, the risk of losing 32 Regular Army AH–64’s for a year, which are planned for induction, without the backfill transfer of the 72 Apaches from the ARNG could be too high. This stoppage could jeopardize a workforce of 4,100 employees in 22 states, including 2,200 in Arizona, 360 in Alabama, 350 in Florida, 285 in California, and lesser numbers in WA, TX, MO, IL, MS, OH, WV, PA, NY, VT, NH, CT, NC, SC, and GA. 
We face an unprecedented and unpredictable global environment that continues to morph in dangerous and unforeseen ways. Now more than ever, we need a force that provides the capabilities necessary to execute the missions that we know are coming, as well as the versatility, agility and depth to handle contingencies we cannot predict. An absolutely critical component of our force is our aviation formations, and we 
must be able to effectively restructure them to meet current and future demands. Accordingly, we need your support to ensure that the framework created by the FY15 NDAA remains in place. We owe this to our Soldiers, their Families, our industry partners and, most importantly, the American people. Simply put, delaying or derailing ARI jeopardizes your Army, and our Nation’s security. 
Mrs. ROBY. Look, friends and colleagues, we have heard from several Members about the devastating impacts that any delay in ARI would have on our Army. 
are here in the first place. We are here because this Congress put the Army in the position to have to make these difficult decisions in the first place. We are here because of a thing called sequestration. And if there has ever been a time for a stronger argument to revisit this so that we can properly fund all of our military across all branches so that they are not put in this box where the Army has to make these tough decisions, now is the time. 
United States military. So here we have a letter from a highly respected Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army to Congress saying, If you do this, if you delay these helicopter transfers, you will create a domino affect that will result in the United States of America sending our soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq who are neither fully trained or in fully equipped. 
We have to do better. We have to do 
better. And this is the case. Again, I oppose this amendment, and I call on my colleagues to revisit fully funding our military and repealing the sequester. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or expand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the congressional defense committees are notified in 
the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided , That none of the funds 
made available in this Act may be used under such section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military operation being conducted by United States Special Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary circumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the congressional defense committees of such waiver. 
of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to assess whether the justification and approval requirements under section 811 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2405) have, inconsistent with the intent of Congress— 
and report to the congressional defense committees on the sufficiency of the Department’s report in addressing the requirements; review the extent to which section 811 has negatively impacted the ability of covered entities to be awarded solesource contracts with the Department, discouraged agencies from awarding contracts, or been misconstrued and/or inconsistently implemented. 
by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
by this Act may be used to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any A– 10 aircraft, or to disestablish any units of the active or reserve component associated with such aircraft. 
this or any other Act may be transferred to the National Sea Based Deterrent Fund established by section 2218a of title 10, United States Code. b2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment to an appropriation bill that has already been supported by 375 Members of this House; yet this amendment has, 90 percent of the House. It is rare to find an amendment to an appropriation bill that has such bipartisan support; yet this amendment has. 
just me, but by my good friend Mr. COURTNEY , by Mr. W ITTMAN , by Mr. 
LANGEVIN , by Mr. R OGERS , by Ms. 
chairmen, two HASC ranking members, and a Defense appropriator. It is an amendment that is supported by the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee and the ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee. 
groups in support, the Navy League, the United Auto Workers, International Brotherhood of Boilermakers, AFL–CIO; yet this amendment has that support. 
aligning in this rare configuration is because it is also rare—in fact, once every other generation—that we have to build something like the Ohio class 
In 4 years, we will begin the procurement. In 6 years, we will start construction of 12 ships—they call boats— that will carry 70 percent of the nuclear deterrence of this country—$92 billion. 
fund we formed last year helps us prepare for that in advance, instead of waiting until the night before to come up with $92 billion. It transfers $1.4 billion into a fund and allows the Department of Defense to find other moneys, a rare thing for the government to actually prepare in advance, instead of waiting until the last minute to prepare. It will help to purchase in bulk and save perhaps millions, maybe even billions of dollars. 
in this world, with all the threats we see and all the demands we have for national defense, we cannot find creative solutions, and we have to do everything the way we have always done it. 
creative, if we don’t find other solutions, CRS says we could lose—32 other ships, including as many as 8 Virginia class subs, 8 destroyers, and 16 combatant ships. 
set up a fund like that; yet they have already set up four different funds very similar to that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, our committee strongly supports the Ohio class submarine. We have 
(Mr. VISCLOSKY ) and I not only serve on 
the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee and provide its leadership, but we have also supported this program on Energy and Water, which is the other part of the package. 
Virginia’s amendment proposes to strike a provision of the bill, prohibits the transfer of funds to the national seabased deterrence fund, a reserve established but not funded last year in the NDAA. 
expensive; however, the national sea based deterrence fund will not make the submarine any less expensive, and it will not increase resources available to the Department of Defense. 
This Congress has an important responsibility to provide resources to all of our military services and the intelligence community. Under the structure of this special fund, the Secretary of Defense has the authority to divert dollars into this new fund from the Army, Marines, Air Force, Special Forces, missile defense, ISR, and other types of essential programs. This is the wrong approach. It removes, furthermore, congressional oversight from the Secretary of Defense. 
fund platform, then the Navy should buy it, just as it has every other submarine in its inventory that our committee has supported. Establishing a special fund to pay for the submarine is an attempt to have other military services pay for what is a Navy responsibility. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, could I 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). 
not doubt for a second the sincerity of the chairman and the ranking member and their support for the Ohio replacement program. 
showing the 30year shipbuilding plan, if we fully fund the Ohio class program, 
as well as a 300ship Navy, demonstrates exactly the problem that confronts us today. 
which shows the modern era of shipbuilding at about $15 billion a year; and, with the yellow portion of the chart, it shows how, for 13 years, Congress, starting in the 2020s, is going to be asked to raise unprecedented amounts of money for the shipbuilding account. 
The fact of the matter is this is an 
asset that is not just the Navy’s; it is the country’s. Under New START, 70 percent of the nuclear triad will be borne by the Navy through its submarine program, far greater than in the past. 
bombers and the Army, with their groundbased systems, are not going to be bearing the same burden as a result of the Ohio class’ planned burden under 
We have an opportunity to do something sensible, which is based in clear precedent, as the gentleman from Virginia indicated. 
the shipbuilding account. The missile based system was funded on a separate account because these are national assets that provided assistance and national security across the board for the Pentagon. 
Support this amendment if you support a strong shipbuilding account and protect the shipbuilding industrial base of this country. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ), the chairman of 
my colleagues to support this critical amendment to restore the national sea based deterrence fund. This amendment is critical to maintaining our Nation’s nuclear deterrence and ensure a robust Navy shipbuilding budget. 
It makes sense now to set aside funding for the Ohio class submarine replacement program. This makes sure that, down the road, we are not forced to choose between building a replacement ballistic missile submarine or a destroyer or an aircraft carrier. 
building enough warships to meet the global threats our Nation faces. Funding the national seabased deterrence fund is the best solution to maintaining national strategic deterrence without hollowing out the Navy’s shipbuilding budget. 
amendment and yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
45 seconds to the distinguished gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), who is the ranking member of 
the Emerging Threats Subcommittee for the House Armed Services Committee. 
deterrence fund is critical to the future of our national security. It provides space outside the shipbuilding fund for the most survivable piece of our national deterrence, a bill that last came due in the 1980s in the Reagan defense buildup. 
Mr. Chairman, these boats are absolutely essential. This is not just a Navy issue, as Secretary of Defense Connor has said. This is a national priority. The deterrence fund allows us to treat it accordingly and avoid pressuring the Navy out of badly needed investments in other ships and capabilities. 
consume half of the projected shipbuilding funding for a decade, causing crippling shortages that would echo in our fleet for decades after. 
worked on a bipartisan basis to rise to this challenge, and the result is this seabased deterrence fund. 
loudly and clearly in overwhelming support of the fund and its purposes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
comes into play. We talked about this earlier. Having a fund that is set up does not evade the responsibility of providing the longterm funding. 
of Defense are priorities, and our friends on the Appropriations Committee have the difficult job of trying to balance these priorities and have the big picture available to them. 
right thing. I think this needs to be subsumed within the overall budget. There is no magic money. Having something that subverts the hard work that we ask the Appropriations Committee to do, I think, is the wrong thing to do. 
It is not easy to stand up and make 
this argument, but I appreciate what they have done. They did it last year, and it was appropriate. They have done it this year, and it is appropriate. We have to be able to deal with this in a comprehensive way and not use sleight of hand. 
I appreciate what the chair and ranking member have done. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the ranking member. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to join in opposition to the amendment in the strongest possible terms. I certainly respect 
the position of my colleagues on the other side of this argument, but I do remind my colleagues that the CBO estimates that this program is going to cost somewhere between $102 and $107 billion. 
very expensive program, and we ought to be very, very careful. Given the tremendous financial resources that we will be required to modernize or replace the U.S. nuclear delivery systems and weapons over the next two decades, it is imperative that Congress begin to make tough decisions now and not set up segregated funds. 
to avoid those tough decisions. Firstly, the fund in no way solves the problem of where are we going to get the money. It is not going to make the next generation of ballistic missile submarines any cheaper. It simply shifts the burden for paying for their construction from the Department of the Navy to the entire Department of Defense. 
amendment’s sponsor relative to this replacement program and the suggestion that it should exist outside the existing Navy shipbuilding account. 
funding for that shipbuilding account has been relatively flat in recent years. However, if the Ohio class replacement and the 300ship Navy are priorities of this Nation and consistent with our national defense strategy, then we ought to pay for both in a transparent manner by increasing the resources in the shipbuilding account and not resort to setting up independent funds. 
this is a national priority, and I would not argue that point. These systems play a very important role in our nuclear deterrence, so do our longrange bombers and the weapons that they carry. 
longrange bombers also provide protection for this country as well as the weapons they carry. I think they qualify as national asset distinctions. Should we then set up funds for these programs? 
within the Department. Should we set up a fund for the Army’s 82nd Airborne? Should we set up a fund for the Air Force combat rescue officers? They are very deserving. Should we set up a fund for the special Marine AirGround Task Force? They are very deserving. 
really expands and transfers authority to the Secretary of Defense. The last time I looked, we have a constitutional responsibility to make decisions ourselves. 
The fact is we already have a segregated fund that has drawn a lot of attention to this bill that is called the overseas contingency operations fund. Should we start picking between services now as to which one should receive special treatment? Should we then pick programs within particular services? I think not. 
Again, I strongly oppose the amendment and am pleased to join with the chairman in opposition. 
Georgia). The gentleman from Virginia has 15 seconds remaining. 
two speakers have made my point for me. Mr. BLUMENAUER made the same 
arguments 4 weeks ago. It was defeated by 375 votes. 
is $102 billion. The question is whether we wait until the night before to come up with $102 billion or whether we start now and make sure we have it. This is a national priority. I hope we will pass this amendment and build these ships. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
elsewhere in this Act for military personnel pay, including active duty, reserve and National Guard personnel, $700,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to military personnel accounts: Provided , That the 
transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
title II of this Act are hereby reduced by $359,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds, as follows: 
amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $814,000,000. 
by this Act may be used to reduce the end strength levels for the Army National Guard of the United States below the levels specified for the Army National Guard of the United States in subtitle B of title IV of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113291): Provided , 
That this section shall continue in effect through the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
by this Act may be used to enforce section 526 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110140; 42 U.S.C. 17142). 
Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $555,998,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Personnel, Air Force’’, $2,376,095,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $3,393,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Guard Personnel, Army’’, $166,015,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $2,828,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
and Maintenance, Army’’, $18,910,604,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment I am offering with my colleague from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) uses 
the global war on terrorism funds for the Army operations and maintenance to provide $80 million in the same account for hard body armor for the Soldier Protection System Vital Torso Protection equipment program. 
scheduled to be deployed deserves to be provided with the most advanced and the lightest hard body armor. The amendment will ensure that the deployed soldiers are protected with the modern body armor they need. Presently, this bill provides no funds for the Army hard body armor. 
This amendment will also help to ensure that the industrial base producing the specialized boron carbide powder, fabricating ceramic plates, and producing finished hard body armor can stay in business and sustain production of the lifesaving soldier protection equipment. 
Last year, the House and Senate appropriated $80 million to the Army for industrial preparedness body armor. 
All four congressional defense committees explicitly directed the Army to ensure that the industrial base is able to continue the development and manufacture of more advanced body armor. 
Despite this clear and explicit direction, the Army has completely ignored Congress. The Army’s failure to sustain the body armor industrial base has put a vital industry at risk and is causing layoffs among very specialized employees, which puts the entire industry at risk. 
There is no doubt that our troops deserve modern, lightweight body armor that requires a strong, reliable, and fully capable industrial base. 
to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), my good friend, my colleague 
thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota for her leadership on this issue and partnership in supporting this important and critical mission of our military to make sure that the United States warfighter in combat has the most advanced, lightweight body armor available to protect that soldier in the field against the enemy, and we must act now to make sure that the U.S. Army does what is the intent of the Congress. 
As the gentlewoman pointed out, despite the fact that Congress has been clear on this matter, despite the fact that report language for both the FY15 and FY16 Defense Appropriations measures recognize the importance of lightweight body armor protecting soldiers in combat, we encouraged the Secretary of the Army to ensure that the body armor industrial base was able to continue the development and manufacture of more advanced body armor by implementing the body armor modernization through a replenishment program. 
Despite all of that, despite the articulation of the clear will of this body, the Army has not used and deployed the funds appropriated properly, and the Department of Defense was at odds because the Army did not deploy the resources appropriated until, or expressed the intent of not deploying those resources until the end of the fiscal year. 
make sure that congressional intent is honored, make sure that the armor industrial base is properly maintained, and most importantly and most critically, when our men and women are called into combat to defend liberty and freedom, that we give them the tools that they need to keep them safe and carry out their mission with victory and honor. 
again, this $80 million is to provide body armor for the Soldier Protection System Vital Torso Protection equipment program. I ask for Members’ support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, but, in fact, I support the amendment put forward by a member of our committee. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thank the 
gentlewoman from Minnesota for her amendment, as well as the gentleman from Kentucky for his strong advocacy. 
strong priority of mine and our committee’s. We think this amendment is a good idea. It sends another message to the bureaucracy that we mean what we say. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
and Maintenance, Navy’’, $6,747,313,000: of which up to $160,002,000 may be transferred to the Coast Guard ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ account, notwithstanding the provisions of section 2215 of title 10, United States Code: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,871,834,000: Provided , That such amount is 
and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,799,220,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $7,559,131,000: Provided , That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $1,260,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, including access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further , That such 
reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, 
may determine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further , That these funds 
may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and 
specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a nonreimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further , That these funds may be 
used to support the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to maintain the ability of the Jordanian armed forces to maintain security along the border between Jordan and Syria, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts reimbursed and the nature of the expenses to be reimbursed: Provided further , That not to exceed $15,000,000 
can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further , That the authority in the preceding proviso may only be used for emergency and extraordinary expenses associated with activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further , That of the funds provided 
under this heading, up to $30,000,000 shall be for Operation Observant Compass: Provided 
provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided in this paragraph: Provided 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
aid to Pakistan in half. Pakistan is the Benedict Arnold nation in the list of countries that we call our allies. 
maker in 2011 in one of the greatest U.S. military raids ever conducted, bin Laden was living in plain sight in a bustling military town. To think that the most senior levels of the Pakistani Government did not know that he was there requires, as Secretary Clinton said, ‘‘the willing suspension of disbelief.’’ 
Pakistan’s version of the CIA, called the ISI, said that Pakistan most likely sheltered Osama bin Laden. And just last month, three U.S. intelligence sources told NBC News that Pakistan knew where Osama bin Laden was hiding all the time. Not only did Pakistan not help us get Osama bin Laden, Pakistan threw the doctor who did help us under the bus and put him in jail for 33 years for cooperating with America. 
Pakistan was working with Osama bin Laden. Newly released documents retrieved from bin Laden’s compound show that Pakistan’s intelligence service was in contact with bin Laden and was working with him to convince U.S. leaders to negotiate with al Qaeda. 
Pakistan to help us fight the war in Afghanistan, but Pakistan is on the wrong side. Pakistan is helping the terrorists, not us. Pakistan’s intelligence service gives safe haven, resources, and training to terrorist groups, like the Haqqani network that has killed dozens of Americans. 
Mullen, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee: ‘‘With ISI support, Haqqani operatives planned and conducted the truck bomb attack, as well as the assault on our Embassy.’’ 
wounded more than 70 U.S. and NATO troops. Admiral Mullen went on to say: ‘‘The Haqqani network acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan’s InterServices Intelligence agency.’’ 
cheat the United States by filling out bogus reimbursement claims for allegedly going after terrorists when they weren’t even doing that. That is the same account this money funds. 
Pakistan’s southern supply route to help our troops in Afghanistan. But for 7 months in 2012, Pakistan closed off the supply route, and we did just fine. What we really need access to is Pakistan’s tribal areas. Terrorists that kill our troops in Afghanistan run back and forth across the Pakistan border and hide in these tribal areas, but Pakistan won’t let our troops chase them there. And so the terrorists kill Americans, and they get away with it. 
Pakistan did do some military operations in the tribal areas last year, but they tipped off the Haqqani network before they got there that they were coming. Pakistan tipping off terrorists is nothing new. Last fall, Leon Panetta, Secretary of Defense at the time of the bin Laden raid, says of the Pakistanis, ‘‘We just can’t trust them.’’ I agree. We can’t trust Pakistan. 
to protect Pakistan’s nuclear weapons. The amendment does recognize the U.S.Pakistan relationship for what it is. We don’t need to pay Pakistan to be our enemy; they will do it for free. Pakistan has already received over $30 billion of our money since 2002. After 13 
years of giving Pakistan more and more money, it is time to do something different. My amendment simply cuts the money we give Pakistan in half. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
I certainly understand the gentleman’s passion, and at times, I share some of the same concerns he stated in his remarks. 
the coalition support fund allows the Secretary of Defense to reimburse any key cooperating nation for logistical and military support, including access, specialized training to personnel, procurement and provision of supplies and equipment provided by that nation in connection with the U.S. military operations in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Receipts for reimbursements are submitted by cooperating nations and are fully vetted by the Pentagon and follow strict criteria to meet the standard for reimbursement, and all payments are made in arrears and follow a notification to Congress, so there is a notification to Congress. 
support fund remains a critical tool to enable Pakistan to effectively deal with future challenges emerging from the U.S. drawdown. At times, I wonder whether we are withdrawing. 
would say, for the U.S. to remain engaged in the region. I know all too well that our relationship with Pakistan is an uncomfortable one; I feel it, but these funds are sent to reimburse Pakistan for actions to protect our interests. 
maintain some 186 Pakistani forces along 1,600 miles of border between Pakistan and Afghanistan to deter crossborder conflict, movement, and counterterrorismcounterinsurgency operations throughout the FATA, the Federally Administered Tribal Areas. 
TTP, an al Qaedaallied organization that conducts regional terrorist and insurgent attacks. Nearly 28,000 militants were killed, injured, or arrested due to these operations. Pakistan itself—and this doesn’t get much press—has suffered a lot of casualties themselves, about 5,000, while attempting to secure this treacherous border. 
of the Pakistan Armed Forces in FATA and other areas in the future is needed for the longterm stability of the area. 
I must oppose the amendment, although I understand the passion with which the gentleman has made his argument because I think it is in our longterm interest to have this relationship. 
I would be happy to yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), 
thank the chairman for yielding and would acknowledge the gentleman from Texas’ legitimate concern. 
chairman’s remark, but make one important addition, and that is the chairman has been adamant that we be very, very careful about our relationship with Pakistan, and the bill recognizes difficulties we face. 
to section 9015 that prohibits funds to Pakistan if the government is engaged in activities that present a concern to the government of the United States. 
I appreciate that the chairman insisted on that language. That is included in the bill. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
thank the ranking member and the chairman of the committee. 
about the reimbursements. They have not met the criteria that the ranking member has talked about the last 4 years, and they got the money anyway. They are playing us, Mr. Chairman, and we pay them; and they use that money to hurt us, to hurt Americans. 
the money in half because of your prior conduct that shows you can’t be trusted. 
That is all this amendment does. I would hope Members of Congress 
would send a message to Pakistan: we are not going to pay you to hate us and pay you to kill us; we are going to cut the money off. 
And that is just the way it is. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $124,559,000: Provided , That such amount is 
and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $34,187,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to 
and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $209,606,000: Provided , That such amount is 
and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $160,845,000: Provided , That such amount is 
and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $225,350,000: Provided , That such amount is 
Fund’’, $2,060,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
funds shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support, or facilitate counterterrorism and crisis response activities pursuant to section 1534 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015: Provided further , That 
the Secretary of Defense shall transfer the funds provided herein to other appropriations provided for in this Act to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and subject to the same authorities and for the same time period as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That the transfer authority under this 
heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That the funds available 
under this heading are available for transfer only to the extent that the Secretary of Defense submits a prior approval reprogramming request to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense shall comply with the appropriate vetting standards and procedures established elsewhere in this Act for any recipient of training, equipment, or other assistance: Provided further , That the amount 
Fund’’, $3,762,257,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, renovation, construction, and funding: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
may obligate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this 
title for additional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further , That such costs shall 
be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further , That the Secretary may not 
use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further , 
That the Secretary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the authority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Provided further , That contributions of funds for 
the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided 
not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
shall notify the congressional defense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget subactivity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided 
equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further , That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That of 
the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female security personnel: Provided further , That such amount is 
an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 130, beginning line 2, strike ‘‘Provided’’ and all that follows through line 17. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I rise to offer a bipartisan amendment with Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, 
Mr. C OHEN of Tennessee, Mr. J ONES of 
Rhode Island that works to assure the appropriate use of American taxpayer dollars in Afghanistan. 
the clear position of the House, as we have voted numerous times in bipartisan fashion to limit funds for the Afghanistan infrastructure fund, a program which has been poorly run and is lacking in oversight. 
strike the language which allows $50 million in funds for the Afghanistan security forces fund to be redirected toward the Afghanistan infrastructure fund account. 
of dollars toward rebuilding the infrastructure of Afghanistan, and Congress has provided $1.3 billion to the Afghanistan infrastructure fund since it was created in 2011. However, funds have 
been slow to be spent; and, as of March 31, 2015, more than 55 percent of AIF funds remain to be expended. 
General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, SIGAR, has repeatedly found that DOD has experienced challenges in executing large infrastructure projects and that many projects underway are behind schedule and face serious cost overruns. 
we have inadequate sustainment plans and that projects lack an identifiable counterinsurgency benefit. SIGAR has also expressed reservations about the Afghans’ ability to even operate and maintain these energy projects upon completion. 
DOD requested this repurposing of funds because the budget authority on previously authorized funds is about to expire. I know we all look to our commanders in the field for guidance on what they need to finish the job in Afghanistan, but with over half of existing funds remaining to be expended, I ask: Mr. Chairman, why should we take away from other programs and give to this one? 
claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
share the gentleman’s deep concern over the tax dollars that have been, if you would, wasted—is probably the most polite term I can think of—in some of the infrastructure investment in Afghanistan and would not in any way argue that point. 
Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. He and his office have been in mine, the chairman’s, the committee, and there is no question that the gentleman makes a very, very important point about making sure that those funds we are spending, despite the best of intentions, be spent carefully. 
we do have within somewhat recent time, the last year or so since August, a new government in place in Afghanistan. The administration has made a decision to maintain troop levels at their current position given that change of government and, if you would, after all of the loss of life, the suffering, and loss of treasury for the last 14 years, to give that nation one last good chance. 
that for Afghanistan and to give them that last good chance for these few remaining significant projects. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, let me echo some of the sentiments of Mr. VISCLOSKY about some of 
the concerns and some of the reports that have been issued by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. It should be worrisome. A hell of a lot of money has been wasted. 
that need to be completed. One that comes to mind is the Kandahar bridging solution, the plan to bring electric power to Kandahar. It ends in 3 months. We need to continue that investment. This was a top counterinsurgency priority. Most road projects are completed. The second is the Kajaki Dam has less than a year’s work remaining and will supply renewable electric power to the grid. 
sometimes get lost in reports of empty buildings where there are no occupants and no electricity. I think we need to continue to give a helping hand to the Afghan people because, if they don’t have an economy, then they are not going to have any national security. They need a stable economy, and some of these projects near completion need to be continued. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
would simply suggest, again, we have a new government. I certainly think their concern for ethics, as well as care in investment, is worth taking that last good chance to give them a last good chance. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the words, the sentiments, the compassion of both my colleagues; but this is an issue that we have addressed for quite some time. It is not new. 
I am as concerned about our administration of the funds, our Department of Defense encouragement of Afghans to use the funds, and to make sure that contractual arrangements are in place so completion will take place. We have not seen that. 
home. While I understand the need to encourage a new government, sometimes, the best way is tough love and a clear indication that comes through finances as well. 
adopt my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
$715,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such funds 
shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, pursuant to section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113291; 128 Stat. 3558), to provide assistance, including training, equipment, logistics support, supplies, and services, stipends, infrastructure repair, renovation, and sustainment to military and other security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq, including Kurdish and tribal security forces or other local security forces, with a national security mission, to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces such elements are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further , 
That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance inkind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq, and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further , That 
contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entities, may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further , That not 
more than 25 percent of the funds appropriated under this heading may be obligated or expended until not fewer than 15 days 
this heading, not more than 60 percent may be obligated or expended until not less than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that an amount equal to not less than 40 percent of the amount provided under this heading has been contributed by other countries and entities for the purposes for which funds are provided under this heading, of which at least 50 percent shall have been contributed or provided by the Government of Iraq: Provided further , 
That the limitation in the preceding proviso shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense determines, in writing, that the national security objectives of the United States will be compromised by the application of the limitation to such assistance, and notifies the appropriate congressional committees not less than 15 days in advance of the exemption taking effect, including a justification for the Secretary’s determination and a description of the assistance to be exempted from the application of such limitation: Provided further , That the Secretary of Defense 
may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines such provisions of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further , That the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ under this heading means the congressional defense committees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further , That 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I would like to begin by taking a moment to thank Chairman FRELING HUYSEN and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY . As one who served a long time 
ago when everything came up under an open rule, we don’t see as much of that. I can’t commend both of the gentlemen 
everybody in America could see how hard they have worked in their committees and here on the House floor. The country should know that there are no two more highly regarded people who are serving in this Chamber than our chairman and our ranking member. 
that will save us a lot of money and, quite frankly, end a sad chapter in American history. My amendment eliminates funding for the Iraq Train and Equip Program and applies that money to reducing the deficit. The administration, as we all know, is now urging strategic patience with Iraq. The truth is we have had a failed strategy there from the very beginning. The fact is that this is a centuryold conflict. The fact is that we have no friends in this conflict. The history of it is clear. 
back in the seventies, and I learned that we were funding and training and equipping the Mujahedeen to fight against the Russians under the notion that the enemy of our enemy is our friend. We were wrong. They morphed into al Qaeda, and they were the people who bombed the World Trade Center. Then we supported Saddam Hussein in the war against Iran. We knew he had used chemical weapons, because we had the sales receipts. We had supplied them. After that, we deposed him. Then we put the Shiites in power, and the Shiites proceeded to tell all of the Christians and the Jews and the Catholics, ‘‘Get out of town, or we will kill you.’’ They shut down all of the synagogues and the Catholic churches. Then we decided we would have a Sunni awakening. That was supplying arms and weapons to the Sunnis because the Shiites were persecuting them. They ultimately morphed into what we now have as ISIL. Now here we are. We find ourselves fighting the Shiites in Yemen, and we are supporting the Shiites in Iraq. We are not sure if we are for them or against them in Syria. 
been on every side of this conflict. We really have no friends in this conflict. Inevitably, our goodwill, our good intentions have resulted in the arms and the weapons, as Judge POEjust said, 
ending up in the hands of our enemies, and they use them against us. 
on this conflict. Think about that—$3 trillion. For $1 trillion of that, we could have graduated debt free every kid in America from college and vocational school. Just think about it. We could have rebuilt our transportation and infrastructure system in this country. For another $1 trillion, we could have given the Americans a tax break. 
war, the administration now admits that we have no strategy. The Secretary of Defense admits that the Iraqi Army has no will to fight ISIL. When they took over Ramadi, all they did was growl at them, and they ran like 
rabbits. They left their Humvees, and they left their tanks, and they left all of their weapons, and we resupplied ISIL, once again, to use those weapons against us. The weapons we have supplied and the people we have trained have ended up in enemy hands time and time again and have been used against us. 
know the old definition of insanity is repeating the same behavior, is repeating the same behavior, is repeating the same behavior over and over and expecting some different result. To paraphrase the old Serenity Prayer, let me say, Mr. President and colleagues: Let us change what we have the power, the wisdom, and the courage to do before we bankrupt this country. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, may I say that I share quite a lot of the gentleman’s sentiments. 
when you put the Defense bill forward, sometimes you have to support things that the Commander in Chief and the President want that you are highly dubious about. I have been very conflicted about this Train and Equip. At times, I think the enemy is doing a better job of training and equipping their own than we are, and, at times, it has been pretty deplorable. I want the gentleman to know I do support this effort. Let me just put some meat on the bones to, maybe, even make his point but, in reality, tell a little truth about the program. 
provides about $715 million in both funding and authority to assist military and other forces associated with the Government of Iraq, including Kurdish and tribal security forces, with a national security mission to counter ISIL. We do know in the overall mix— and the gentleman from Minnesota knows it—there are some good guys over there. Of course, a lot of the good guys have been taken over by the Quds Force and the Iranians to the south, but, in reality, we do have some good allies in the north with the Kurds, so I haven’t given up on all parts of Iraq. 
I think we need to continue to support the program. Evidently, our President does as well. We are sending 400 more advisers over to, shall we say, set up a new base camp in Ramadi in Anbar province to sort of respond to a huge crisis there when that city was taken over. I would hate to abandon the people of Iraq without giving it one more try. 
may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), my ranking 
member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s motivation in offering this. In a sense, the three of us are agreed given the skepticism that has been expressed here today. 
I would also add that I do believe this 
institution needs to have a resolution that defines with some specificity what our projection of force should be as to the disposition of our military personnel and assets. Certainly, I am grievously disappointed for those countries in that region in their lack of clarity and purpose. Also, in using, if you would, a religious theme, I was taught that we should have hope in the future, and my concern is, if we cease this training program for those who want a change in government, for those who want to do the right thing in Syria, they will lose what shred of hope still exists. 
with the chairman in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, but I do appreciate the gentleman’s motivation. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reclaiming my time, I have a few other comments. 
Mr. Chairman, I said I do work on behalf of the President of the United States and our Commander in Chief, and I have to say I have concerns about our continued investment in Pakistan. We debated that. We have had talk about the Afghan infrastructure fund, which has been troubled with projects, and this is an ongoing area which has not been trouble free. Yet it is interesting that nobody from the White House, since the budget was introduced, has reached out to me relative to defending these programs. 
deserve protection and support, but it is interesting that we carry the water on these issues and on many other issues on this committee. Do we get any reinforcements? Actually, our entire bill has been put together for all of our military services without any assistance from those military services to get us across the finish line. I think it is remarkable. The standoffishness— the ambivalence—about working with us, I think, is a total disgrace. 
amendment, and he certainly knows more about my sentiments publicly that I have expressed in the past. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
$600,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such funds 
shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training, equipment, supplies, stipends, construction of training and associated facilities, and sustainment, to appropriately vetted elements of the Syrian opposition and other appropriately vetted Syrian groups and individuals for the following purposes: defending the Syrian people from attacks by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and securing territory controlled by the Syrian opposition; protecting the United States, its friends and allies, and the Syrian people from the threats posed by terrorists in Syria; and promoting the conditions for a negotiated settlement to end the conflict in Syria: Provided further , That the Secretary 
may accept and retain contributions, including assistance inkind, from foreign governments and other entities to carry out activities authorized under this heading: Provided 
purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entities may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended and used for such purposes: Provided further , That the Secretary may provide assistance to third countries for purposes of the provision of assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further , 
That the term ‘‘appropriately vetted’’ shall be construed to mean, at a minimum, assessments of possible recipients for associations with terrorist groups including the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), Jabhat al Nusrah, Ahrar al Sham, other alQaeda related groups, Hezbollah, or Shia militias supporting the Governments of Syria or Iran; and for commitment to the rule of law and a peaceful and democratic Syria: Provided further, That none of the funds used pursuant to 
this authority shall be used for the procurement or transfer of manportable airdefense systems: Provided further , That nothing in 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment before the floor for consideration. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
from Florida. Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to start tonight by saying that my mother is gravely ill in Florida this evening, and I can’t be with her, but I want her to know that I am with her right now, and I am always with her. 
in conflicts where there is no longterm strategy, no vision of success in the end, and the disproportional sacrifice of our brave military forces, Mr. Chairman. U.S. involvement against ISIS in Syria fits this characterization. The administration even admits that there is no comprehensive strategy in place. Therefore, by amendment, we are proposing to defund U.S. support for the Syrian rebels and move the funds to the spending reduction account. 
$500 million to train and arm Syrian rebels. This program, however, is fraught with uncertainties and doubts, and the launch of the program has been less than impressive. Of the 15,000 Syrian rebels we planned to train and equip over a 3year period, so far, only about 400 have been vetted and deemed ready. Meanwhile, other Syrian rebels have either disappeared from the battlefield or have defected to extremist factions, and ISIS has expanded its ground forces, its operations, and its territories. Other jihadist factions in Syria are also gaining strength, and the Assad regime continues its atrocities. 
The civil war in Syria has now resulted in 220,000 Syrian deaths and in 11.5 million people—over half the population—displaced within Syria. The U.S. continues to provide, by far, the bulk of the military might, most of it air power. It is hard to imagine defeating ISIS without substantial ground forces to combat it at this point. The Defense Appropriations bill includes $600 million to train and arm Syrian rebels as part of this needed bootson theground. 
rebels we ultimately introduce into the battlefield, they alone, I believe, are unlikely to turn the tide. Nor are these rebels expected to end the Assad government, even though that, too, is one of our stated goals. 
untested and difficulttovet rebel forces, the weapons we provide too often wind up being aimed at our U.S. troops. I am told that the last time our country funded a foreign war through vicarious fighters was the Taliban fighting against the Russians in the 1970s. 
Please join us in saying ‘‘no’’ to additional funding for these untested Syrian rebels unless and until Congress receives clear answers to the following questions: Where is the accounting for the first $500 million? I don’t have it. Why isn’t the second $600 million, if appropriate, funded by other folks in the 
coalition? What is the objective? What does success look like in the Syrian civil war? Does victory require the end of the Assad government? What is the comprehensive strategy for defeating ISIS in Iraq and beyond? 
these questions, it makes no sense to proceed. It is our job to review and assess. I ask that defunding of the Syrian train and equip fund be accomplished by this amendment to H.R. 2685. 
for the chairman and ranking member and what they have accomplished in this bill and acknowledge so many good things in the bill, but it is hard for me to accept this war that is going nowhere. 
I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). 
to join my colleague. I have enormous respect for the chairman and the ranking member’s good and noble intentions, but, again, the fact is we have no friends in these conflicts. The weapons that we send inevitably are being used against us. I was here during the Vietnam war conflict, and the arguments that we hear today for continuing this involvement is to somehow make something good out of what hasn’t been quite so good, and we finally ended that conflict by cutting off the funds for it. That is how we are going to end our wars of choice in the Middle East, wars of choice that are bankrupting this country and costly in blood and treasury. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am sure, on behalf of everybody on the floor, we extend to Mr. CLAWSON  
our sympathy and hope that his mother will recover. I am sure if she has the ability to be watching the television tonight, she is already very proud of his courageous remarks on the floor. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, while I appreciate the sentiment of the amendment, this is a complicated issue—that is an understatement—with multifaceted policy ramifications that really can’t be fully debated in 5 or 10 minutes. The situation in Syria remains highly complicated and complex and poses imminent threats to the United States and allied interests, particularly Israel, Jordan, and Iraq. 
regarding potential U.S. military involvement in Syria, our bill appropriates funds in the GWOT account, the title IX that I talked about several hours ago to train and equip Syrians. It also further prohibits the introduction 
in Syria except in accordance with the War Powers Act. 
judgment, goes too far, for it attempts to tie the U.S. Government’s hands in navigating the complicated situation we—or, more importantly, our allies Israel and Jordan—face related to threats emanating from ISIL in Iraq and Syria every day. We have to be realistic. There are many countries, including our allies, as well as other groups already involved in Syria. 
stop the arming of the Syrian opposition. What this amendment would do is remove the possibility of the U.S. engaging under any circumstances, even if such engagement would be in the best interests of the United States or allies. Even at this rate, the U.S. is paying just a portion of the costs. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the ranking member, for any comments he may wish to make. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also want to express my best wishes for the gentleman’s mother. It is hard to oppose a gentleman who went to Purdue University. I know he is a very smart individual. I have my other colleague here from Minnesota. 
the previous amendment. I think people understand my position. I simply would add my voice to the chairman and emphasize, this is a very tough problem, and we ought to maintain as large a degree of flexibility as we can. 
vote on this amendment, but I certainly understand the sentiments behind it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Procurement, Army’’, $759,073,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, $647,630,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, $431,640,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, $1,648,312,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
Procurement, Navy’’, $722,274,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $105,459,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, $12,186,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, $234,741,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
Procurement, Air Force’’, $1,297,726,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, $773,638,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, $452,676,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $1,673,358,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, $7,045,550,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’, $217,701,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,500,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2017: Provided , That 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $1,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such amount 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $217,647,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such amount 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $1,366,242,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense Wide’’, $199,264,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That such 
Working Capital Funds’’, $88,850,000: Provided , That such amount is designated by the 
Health Program’’, $272,704,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided , 
For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defense’’, $275,300,000: Provided , That such 
For the ‘‘Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund’’, $443,271,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , 
That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Director of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization to investigate, develop and provide equipment, supplies, services, training, facilities, personnel and funds to assist United States forces in the defeat of improvised explosive devices: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Defense may transfer funds provided herein to appropriations for military personnel; operation and maintenance; procurement; research, development, test and evaluation; and defense working capital funds to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided 
further , That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided 
not fewer than 15 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer: Provided 
Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $3,500,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided , That the Secretary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the authority in this section: Provided further , That the 
authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. 
costs and costs for design during construction associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for operation and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of overseas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided , That for the 
purpose of this section, supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction include all inhouse Government costs. 
amounts appropriated in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, 
Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Commander’s Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, smallscale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided , That each 
project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further , That not 
later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that quarter that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further , 
That, not later than 30 days after the end of each month, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees monthly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the Commander’s Emergency Response Program in Afghanistan: Provided further, That not less than 15 days before making funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein for a project with a total anticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notice containing each of the following: 
proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military campaign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. 
with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. 
shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. 
or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: 
or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. 
or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. 
in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other 
Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): 
the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the approval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Provided , That the AROC must approve the requirement and acquisition plan for any service requirements in excess of $50,000,000 annually and any nonstandard equipment requirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further , That the Department 
of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has convened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. 
title to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided , That, 
upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. 
the Department of Defense in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, up to $140,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to support United 
States Government transition activities in Iraq by funding the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and security assistance teams, including life support, transportation and personal security, and facilities renovation and construction, and site closeout activities prior to returning sites to the Government of Iraq: Provided , That to the extent authorized under 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the operations and activities that may be carried out by the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, include nonoperational training activities in support of Iraqi Minister of Defense and Counter Terrorism Service personnel in an institutional environment to address capability gaps, integrate processes relating to intelligence, air sovereignty, combined arms, logistics and maintenance, and to manage and integrate defenserelated institutions: Provided further , That not later than 30 days 
following the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for transitioning any such training activities that they determine are needed after the end of fiscal year 2016, to existing or new contracts for the sale of defense articles or defense services consistent with the provisions of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.): Provided further, That not less than 15 days before making funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notice containing a detailed justification and timeline for the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq at each site where such operations and activities will be conducted during fiscal year 2016 : Provided 
That up to $600,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act for the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund may be used for activities authorized by this section: Provided further , 
That the Secretary may accept and retain contributions, including assistance inkind, from foreign governments to carry out activities as authorized by this section and shall be credited to the appropriate appropriations accounts, except that any funds so accepted by the Secretary shall not be available for obligation until a reprogramming action is submitted to the congressional defense committees: Provided further , That the 
provide assistance under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2016. 
Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided , That such funds shall be available 
to the Secretary of Defense, or the Secretary’s designee, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of providing assistance, including training, equipment, lethal weapons of a defensive nature, logistics support, supplies and services, and sustainment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, for the purposes of securing the sovereign territory of Ukraine against foreign aggressors, protecting and defending the Ukrainian people from attacks posed by Russianbacked separatists, and promoting the conditions for a negotiated settlement to end the conflict: Provided further , That the authority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to Ukraine: Provided further , That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this account, to remain available until expended: Provided further , That the 
Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing 
upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided 
not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further , That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further , That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees : Provided further, That amounts made available by this 
assistance under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2016. 
counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar eTayyiba, JaisheMohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist organizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; 
against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and intelligence agencies are not intervening 
(IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; 
United States visitors engaged in counterterrorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and 
access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. 
coordination with the Secretary of State, exercises such waiver authority, the Secretaries shall report to the congressional defense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Pakistan was not able to meet: Provided further , 
That such report may be submitted in classified form if necessary. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
makes it so the Secretary of Defense cannot waive the conditions that are in the bill on giving money to Pakistan. 
Since 2010, Congress has put conditions on our aid to Pakistan because Pakistan, frankly, can’t be trusted. In 2011, Pakistan tipped off terrorists who had IED factories that the U.S. Government knew where they were. Pakistan tipped off the Haqqani network before the Pakistan military went to the tribal areas last year. 
launched the raid that killed Osama bin Laden because, according to Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta, ‘‘We just can’t trust them.’’ 
aid to Pakistan. They are good conditions. Earlier this evening, about an hour ago, the ranking member mentioned these conditions for aid to Pakistan. They are commonsense things like, if Pakistan wants our money, it shouldn’t support terrorist activity against the United States—imagine that—or the Pakistan Government should dismantle the IED factories run by terrorists in Pakistan. These IED factories have killed many of our troops. 
put conditions on our aid. The bill also gives the Secretary of Defense the authority to give the money to Pakistan even if Pakistan doesn’t meet those conditions, and this year is no exception. Once again, in this bill, we give the Secretary of Defense the authority to waive the conditions Congress puts in the bill. 
failed to meet the conditions Congress has imposed on this type of legislation, and then the Secretary of Defense went ahead and gave the waiver, thus giving the money to Pakistan anyway. 
given Pakistan money because it failed to meet our conditions—conditions set by Congress—normal, commonsense conditions like: you don’t get this money unless you meet these conditions. 
thing. It says: you meet the conditions, or you get no money from the United States; you don’t give money to terrorists, or you get no money from the United States. 
It does not allow the Secretary of Defense to waive Congress’ conditions and give the money anyway. 
would ask that the House support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment. This amendment would strike, as he said, the waiver that is used by the Secretary of Defense and also the Secretary of State. I think it would affect our national security. 
We need the cooperation of the Pakistanis. If we don’t have any, we lose insight into the actions of those who would do our country harm. 
I oppose this amendment as potentially damaging to our national security, and I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), the ranking 
for yielding, and I associate myself with his remarks. 
the position the gentleman has raised, but I do not think we are in a very difficult relationship, that we restrain our flexibility to meet the moment. 
ranking member and the chairman for their comments and their work on this legislation. 
chairman earlier, ‘‘We mean what we say.’’ We say as a Congress that, if we are going to give American money to Pakistan to help us, they can’t do certain things with that money. They can’t support terrorism. They can’t allow IEDs to be built that are used to kill Americans. These conditions are commonsense, good ideas. 
If we mean what we say, then we should require these conditions before we give Pakistan American money; but the law has allowed that Secretary of Defense to waive Congress’ conditions and give them our money anyway. 
the conditions in 4 years of the last 5. They got the money anyway because the Secretary waived the rule of law or waived our conditions. 
It says: Congress says there are certain rules to get American money; you follow the rules, or you don’t get the money. Nobody can waive the condition and give you a pass and give you American money anyway. 
adopted, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I commend Chairman F RELINGHUYSEN for the 
I understand that I had an amendment earlier today. There had been ongoing discussions about that amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my request for a recorded vote on my amendment to the end that the amendment stands disposed of by the voice vote thereon. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the request for a recorded vote is withdrawn. Accordingly, the noes have it and the amendment is not adopted. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operations and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to improve the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided , That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That 
not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed uses of these funds: Provided further , That the funds provided in this 
section may not be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further , 
the authority to provide assistance under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2016. 
and maintenance accounts of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force (including National Guard and Reserve) for purposes of improving military readiness: Provided further , That the transfer authority 
provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. 
by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
military operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) for more than 8 months; 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 2393) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 300, nays 131, not voting 2, as follows: [Roll No. 333] 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garrett Gibbs 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry 
Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Kennedy Kildee Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem 
Nolan Norcross Pallone Payne Pelosi Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takai Takano Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Virginia, SHERMAN, LEWIS, LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. BONAMICI, and Mr. GRAYSON changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
RICHMOND, SIMPSON, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. HURT of Virginia, Ms. BROWN of Florida, and Ms. JACKSON LEE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) had been postponed, and the bill had been read through page 162, line 25. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 195, noes 237, not voting 1, as follows: 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Courtney Cramer Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross 
Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 252, noes 179, not voting 2, as follows: 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum 
Blumenauer Bonamici Brat Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graham Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis 
Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Rush Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IN) 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bishop (UT) Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DiazBalart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gibbs Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus 
Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 174, noes 257, not voting 2, as follows: 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 259, not voting 1, as follows: 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 251, not voting 1, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 321, noes 111, not voting 1, as follows: 
Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos 
Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford 
Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Love 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Bass Becerra Bilirakis Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brown (FL) Buck Burgess Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conyers Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Danny DeFazio Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Doggett Donovan Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Fleischmann 
Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanna Hardy Harris Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Israel Jeffries 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Labrador Lance Lee Lewis LoBiondo Loudermilk Lowey MacArthur McDermott McNerney Meadows 
Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Nadler Nunes Palazzo Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ruppersberger Rush Schrader 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Trott Upton Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Womack Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
Messrs. PAYNE and BUCSHON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 117, noes 315, not voting 1, as follows: 
Amash Babin Barton Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bost Brat Buchanan Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Fincher Gabbard Garrett 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Hardy Harris Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Higgins Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Keating Labrador LaMalfa Lofgren 
Messer Mica Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Olson Pallone Palmer Perry Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Ruiz Salmon Sanford 
Sherman Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tonko 
Trott Upton Walden Weber (TX) Welch Westmoreland Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 233, noes 199, not voting 1, as follows: 
Adams Allen Amash Babin Barletta Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Capps Capuano Carney 
Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith 
Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Keating Kennedy Kind Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Richmond Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Bishop (UT) Black Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney Denham Dent Deutch DiazBalart 
Dold Donovan Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Fortenberry Frelinghuysen Fudge Gibbs Gohmert Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hardy Harper Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Hill Hinojosa Hoyer Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Levin Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Marino Matsui McCollum McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Poliquin Quigley Rangel Reichert 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Torres Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey 
Waters, Maxine Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 56, noes 375, not voting 2, as follows: 
Blum Blumenauer Burgess Capuano Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) DeFazio Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Gohmert Grayson Grijalva Hahn Hastings Honda 
Huffman Jackson Lee Jones Jordan Keating Kennedy Kuster Lawrence Lee Lewis Lofgren Lowenthal Massie McDermott McGovern Moulton Mulvaney Neal Nolan 
O’Rourke Pallone Perry Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Rohrabacher Sanford Schrader Slaughter Speier Takano Titus Tonko Tsongas Watson Coleman Welch 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte 
Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 107, noes 323, not voting 3, as follows: 
Blum Blumenauer Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Capuano Carter (GA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cohen Conyers DeFazio Dent DesJarlais Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Fincher Fleming Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Grayson 
Grijalva Hahn Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Hurt (VA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kennedy Labrador Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lummis Lynch Massie McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern Meadows Miller (FL) Moulton Mulvaney Neal Neugebauer 
Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ribble Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Rothfus Salmon Sanford Schrader Scott, Austin Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Watson Coleman Welch 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold 
Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pascrell Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 114, noes 318, not voting 1, as follows: 
Babin Barletta Barton Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gabbard Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Hahn Harris Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Higgins Honda Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Labrador LaMalfa Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris 
Newhouse Nolan Olson Pallone Palmer Pearce Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rouzer Salmon Sanford Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Shimkus Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thompson (PA) Weber (TX) Welch 
Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan 
Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MACARTHUR  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to divest or retire, or to prepare to divest or retire, KC–10 aircraft. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
going to protect our men and women on the ground and our interests, and that requires that we have fighters in the air. It is of vital importance. It is why the Air Mobility Command is so important. It may not be as exciting as fighters and close air support, but it is every bit as essential. The KC–10 air toair refueler is the larger, newer of the tankers, and the KC–135 is the smaller, older version. 
new tanker that the Air Force is introducing. It has had development problems, and it is not ready for prime time. General Welch of the Air Force confirmed that the new tanker was not intended to replace the KC–10 but that it is at risk of being replaced due to budget cuts, and he has confirmed that it would cost more in the midterm to replace the KC–10. 
Just to put the difference in capabilities in perspective, the KC–10 can carry 350,000 pounds of fuel. The other tanker—the older KC–135—and the new KC– 46 can only carry 200,000. It is 200,000 versus 350,000. The KC–10 carries double the payload, and it carries more passengers. The long and the short is that this tanker is essential for our ability to project force, and in this world of increased global threats, we cannot afford to deteriorate our capabilities. The answer, I believe, is to prohibit 
the early retirement of the KC–10 tanker. We did that in the National Defense Authorization Act. There is no provision in the budget to replace the KC–10. I am simply looking to close the loop tonight and prohibit in the Defense Appropriations bill any funding for the early retirement of the KC–10. 
Mr. MacARTHUR. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let me congratulate the gentleman from New Jersey, my colleague, for his advocacy on behalf of the KC–10. 
we have done in the Middle East could have been done without the remarkable history of the men and women who work on those KC–10s and these tankers, allowing so many flights to go without any problems, any issues. That is a remarkable plane. I support the gentleman’s amendment, and I congratulate him for introducing it. 
Mr. MacARTHUR. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
my colleagues from New Jersey, I stand in support of this amendment, and I appreciate the fact that Congressman MACARTHUR has kept in the 
forefront how important this is, not just for New Jersey but for our Nation as a whole. 
one area that makes it extremely efficient to refuel. More importantly, we have two ways of getting the fuel to those planes, which is so strategically important. It is over land and it is underground. That has been why McGuireFort Dix has been the place for this command to be joined together for years and years. I think this is not only strategically smart for our country, but this is an efficient way of spending the taxpayers’ money to make sure that we get the best bang for the buck. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used after March 31, 2016, for Operation Inherent Resolve in the absence of a law enacted by Congress before such date that specifically authorizes the use of military force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
months ago, we entered into the war against ISIS. During the course of that war, we have put our pilots and other servicemembers at considerable risk, and we have suffered casualties. We have expended hundreds of millions, if not billions, of dollars, and, as yet, there is no end in sight to this conflict. 
our participation in it, the administration took the position that it didn’t need an authorization from Congress although it desired one. The administration relied on the authorities that were passed in 2001 and 2002. The authority in 2001, passed in the hours after 9/11, authorized the use of force against those responsible for 9/11. That is al Qaeda. He also relied on the authorization passed in 2002, which authorized the use of force against Iraq. In fact, neither of those authorities is on point. The use of force that we are employing now against ISIL is being used against an organization that didn’t exist on 9/11 and, in fact, is often at war with the organization that was responsible for 9/11. That is al Qaeda. 
asserted that it can rely on these authorities, and it asked Congress to pass a new authorization because it felt that was the preferential course. At the time and before the midterm elections, the leadership in the House of Representatives took the position that a lame duck Congress should not be voting on a new war and that a vote must wait until after the elections. So the Congress abdicated its constitutional responsibility to have a debate and a war declaration, and, instead, we awaited the elections. 
went, and those of us who raised the cry that it was time for Congress to do its job were met with a new response: we couldn’t vote on an authorization now because the administration had not sent us one, even though there is nothing in the Constitution that provides that Congress shall declare war only when asked by the Executive or only when asked politely by the Executive. Nonetheless, we sat, once again, derelict until the administration sent us a draft authorization. 
inaction. We couldn’t act on this new authorization because we didn’t like the terms of it. This was irrespective of the fact that the Congress has all the power it needs to change that draft or operate under a completely new draft authorization, and still we did nothing. 
couldn’t act on a war authorization because we had to have a vote on the negotiations with Iran, even though those negotiations were not yet complete. So we had a vote on the negotiations with Iran, in fact, a vote to later 
series of shifting rationales for why we don’t have a debate on this war ongoing now for 10 months. This must come to an end. The amendment that I have offered this evening would provide that no funds shall be expended for the war against ISIS after a certain date in March of next year unless Congress authorizes a war against ISIS. If this is worth fighting—and I believe it is; I believe this ought to be authorized—it is worth having Congress do its job. If we are going to ask our servicemembers to risk their lives, we ought to have the courage ourselves to make a vote on this war. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, currently, U.S. forces are conducting multiple airstrikes against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. Without this authority, these campaigns would stop immediately. 
Military Force be replaced? Perhaps it should. On May 19, Speaker BOEHNER  
urged President Obama to start from scratch on a measure to legally authorize the Islamic State conflict, declaring, ‘‘We don’t have a strategy.’’ I agree with the Speaker, we have no strategy with regard to ISIL. 
still does not have a complete strategy for defeating the Islamic State. A sad commentary—shifting rationale, shifting strategy, no strategy. At a time when sectarian tensions are at their highest levels since the end of Operation Iraqi Freedom in December of 2001, the terrorists have once again succeeded in capturing control of major cities in Iraq, killing innocent citizens, causing thousands of families to flee. 
with this amendment to both the Iraqi people, to our soldiers and marines who have valiantly served and sacrificed, and even now the President suggesting 
sending another 400 advisers to advise and to train and equip Iraqis to recapture Ramadi? 
This amendment is not about substance; it is about symbolism. Unfortunately, its effect would be much more than symbolism. Acceptance of this amendment would rob our Nation of one of the key authorities our CommanderinChief relies on to keep us safe. I strongly urge rejection of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. May I inquire how 
gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V ISCLOSKY ), my colleague. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, if I 
could make a comment. As the chairman indicated, this is a very complicated situation. Because lives are at stake, it is all the more reason, I think, to support the gentleman’s amendment to force this body, if you would, to very carefully define what our purpose is, what our policy is, and how we should go about its implementation. I do support the gentleman’s amendment and thank him for yielding time. 
and would like to respond to my colleague’s points. 
First of all, the effect of this is not to 
end funding immediately. The effect of this would end funding in 9 months if we fail to take up and pass an authorization. Certainly, 10 months into the war and 9 months from now ought to be ample time for the Congress to do its constitutional duty. 
point that he doesn’t agree with the President’s strategy. We may take issue with the President’s strategy, and we all have our opinions about how this war ought to be waged, but one thing is clear: it is not going to impact the strategy if Congress does its job or not. That impacts our institution; that doesn’t impact the Presidency. It is our institutional interest in having a voice in the warmaking authority that is at stake here. 
kind of a message are we sending with an amendment like this? I would say the message we are sending is that we value our Constitution; we respect the requirements of our Constitution. Our Constitution says that Congress—not the Executive, but Congress—shall have the power to declare war. 
symbolic act. I suppose that is true if you think that the constitutional clause that gives the Congress the power to declare war is only symbolic, but I think it is far more than symbolic and key to the balance of power. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
in support of my amendment that would reiterate Congress’ objection to a proposed policy change by the Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, OFCCP, that would treat healthcare providers as Federal contractors. 
issued directive 293, asserting that contractual arrangements under Medicare, TRICARE, and the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program will trigger OFCCP jurisdiction. This is absurd. This directive would reclassify a majority of hospitals in the United States as Federal contractors, subjecting hospitals in your district and mine to OFCCP’s often crushing regulatory burden. 
With respect to TRICARE, the agency aggressively asserted its jurisdiction in a 2009 administrative case, OFCCP v. Florida Hospital of Orlando. OFCCP argued the hospital was a Federal subcontractor by virtue of its participation as a provider of a TRICARE network of providers. The agency took this troubling position despite the fact that the Department of Defense, which regulates TRICARE, previously concluded, Mr. Chairman: ‘‘It would be impossible to achieve the TRICARE mission of providing affordable health care for our Nation’s Active Duty and retired military members and their families if onerous Federal contracting rules were applied to the more than 500,000 TRICARE providers in the United States.’’ 
law judge in the case did not heed DOD’s warning and failed to see this policy change for what it is—an expansion of government power over the healthcare sector. As such, Congress acted to oppose this outreach, and in 2012 the National Defense Authorization Act clarified that a TRICARE network healthcare provider is not—is not—a Federal contractor or subcontractor. 
Workforce Protections, I am deeply concerned by this attempt by OFCCP to expand its jurisdiction through executive fiat. In response, I introduced the Protecting Health Care Providers from Increased Administrative Burdens Act in the 113th Congress, which clarified that healthcare providers are not Federal contractors subject to the jurisdiction of the Department of Labor’s OFCCP. 
bringing attention to this issue have been successful in prompting OFCCP to place a moratorium on the policy. However, as OFCCP has previously defied Congress and the Department of Defense, I believe this amendment is 
necessary. Therefore, I ask the House support my amendment that would prohibit funds to be used under this act for implementing this overreaching policy and affirmatively show the House will not support such actions by the Department of Labor and OFCCP. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I move 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan for a colloquy. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. I thank the ranking member for yielding. 
As you know, TRICARE provides coverage to over 9.5 million people worldwide, including Active Duty, activated Guard and Reserve members, retiree survivors, and their families. To ensure coverage, they must choose between independently practicing TRICARE certified medical health counselors and/or supervised mental health counselors. 
I entered my amendment and withdrew it, but it is important that we get this on the RECORD . 
a master’s degree from a mental health counseling program accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs, which we call CACREP. They must also pass the National Clinical Mental Health Counseling Exam by January 1, 2017. 
But this rule unfortunately has unintended consequences that require counselors to complete their education at an institution that only has been accredited by CACREP. This freezes out some of our most respected institutions, including Harvard, Columbia, and, in my home State of Michigan, the University of Michigan and Michigan State University. 
would ask for the committee’s support in addressing this issue. With more time, we can get this right, ensure our military members have as much access to care as possible. 
thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for bringing this issue to the committee’s attention. I look forward to working with her on it to address the unintended consequences of the existing DOD rule. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
that will ensure a fair and open bidding process to supply our men and women on the front lines with one of the most 
indispensable pieces of equipment that they use every day—their boots. 
use of funds by the Defense Logistics Agency to implement the 2012 Small Business Administration’s rule in regard to footwear preventing the Defense Logistics Agency from bidding the contract as a small business set aside. 
was significant concern that they did not go through the normal rulemaking and public comment process, and more specifically did not perform due diligence on how the changes would actually affect the footwear industry and military supply base, which the SBA has acknowledged. 
competitive landscape amongst companies supplying very compliant footwear to the U.S. military. There are very few of these manufacturers here in the United States, and even fewer that manufacture Berry Compliant footwear. This amendment would ensure that all businesses capable of supplying highquality footwear to our warfighters are able to compete for that contract. 
year, we had been able to get language inserted in that would call for a study. I just wanted to have a quick quote from that on the impact of jobs. This is from the report that was issued: 
Although the overall impact on the industrial base is low, the abrupt and drastic change in the small business size standards is likely to have an impact. The DOD footwear industry is highly capable, but also very dependent on DOD orders. It’s important to consider both the shortterm and longterm health of the industrial base. 
the Nation’s national security because of the enduring need to meet wartime footwear requirements. 
industry’s sensitive and critical position, such abrupt and drastic policy changes that impact the competitive landscape should be executed with greater moderation. 
concern here today, and that is why I would urge my colleagues to support this vital amendment. 
dialogue that I have been having with my colleague from Illinois and also with the Small Business Committee on that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
know, the reason I stand in opposition is the Small Business Administration sets these standards. As of 2012, this standard was set in place. 
work with the gentleman in the future on what might come forward actually through the Small Business Committee, the concern I have is that those that do qualify under small business inadvertently, through his language, would be removed from that. 
The concern I have also is that is located in my district, with a company that has already received a contract under that. 
It is a process that we have in place. 
We know that there may be flaws in the process, and in the Small Business Committee, we are going to be working on those. I believe that the gentleman has sincere hopes to try to straighten this problem out for his district. I understand that. 
I believe that this is not the way to 
do this. I stand in opposition. I hope that others will join me in voting ‘‘no’’ on this, but I do give the commitment that, if a ‘‘no’’ vote does occur, I will be working with him. 
gentleman yielding, and I simply would add my voice to his in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
It is certainly my belief and understanding that the Defense Logistics Agency is executing an acquisition program that maximizes to every extent possible longterm contracts and multiple award strategies that limit variability to limit each vendor’s economic risk. 
The gentleman mentions small manufacturers. Some of the largest companies in the country are involved at the Department of Defense, which is fine. They do wonderful work for our country. We ought to make sure that we protect the prerogatives of small businesses to make sure that they are on equal footing for these contracts so that you have that limit on economic risk for all vendors, big and small. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s objection, and I would join him in it. 
Chairman, in closing, I do appreciate my colleague from Illinois and other members from the Small Business Committee who are committed to working at this. 
our capacity and our industrial base and being able to supply that most vital of needs for our men and women in uniform, which is their footwear. When we talk about large, we talk about small at the same time because 400 is the number of west Michigan jobs that are in the balance here; but we wouldn’t be able to reach the full capacity if we needed to surge again in a very unstable world, as we have been dealing with a number of crises around the world. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be obligated or expended pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) after December 31, 2015. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is really very simple. It is cosponsored by Representatives GRIJALVA  
in this bill pursuant to the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force after December 31, 2015. 
the Congress sufficient time—that is 8 months after this is signed into law—to determine what if any authorization would be needed to replace the 2001 AUMF. 
but it really is necessary. On September 14, 2001, I could not vote for the 2001 AUMF. That was an authorization that I knew would provide a blank check to wage war any time, for any length, anywhere. 
In the last 14 years, it has become increasingly clear that this authorization has essentially provided the President—this is any President—President Bush, now President Obama—the authority to wage war against anyone, 
anywhere, at any time, against any country, with no authorization from Congress. 
Service has found that the 2001 AUMF has been used more than 30 times to justify military action and other activities, including warrantless surveillance and wiretapping, indefinite detention practices at GTMO, targeted killing operations using lethal drones, and the openended expansion of military operations abroad, which have nothing to do with the original congressional intent. 
In addition to the activities I mentioned, the AUMF has reportedly been invoked to deploy troops in Afghanistan, Yemen, Djibouti, Kenya, Ethiopia, Eritrea, and Somalia. The 2001 AUMF is now being cited as the authority for the now 10monthlong war against ISIL—and, yes, we are in a war. 
and dismantled, but Congress must do our job. We should debate and vote on the use of force. That is our constitutional responsibility. 
not share a common position on how to deal with the 2001 authorization, many of us do agree that the overly broad authority is a major and concerning deterioration of congressional oversight and warmaking authority. 
I think many of us can agree that a 
robust debate and vote is necessary, long overdue, and must take place, whatever we believe about how we should vote. The American people deserve to have their Representatives speak for them on these grave matters which the Constitution requires. 
Let me be clear. With the 2001 authorization still on the books in its current form, any administration can continue to rely on this blank check to wage endless war. That is why my amendment to prohibit funding for the 2001 AUMF after December 31, 2015, is so important. 
There was very little debate. I remember that very moment that we had this debate on this resolution 12 years ago. I think the debate maybe was about 1 hour—pro and con, 30 minutes. I probably was the only one who voted 
and said ‘‘no’’ in terms of the debate, but it wasn’t a very long debate, and I am sure, if we had had more time to debate this, more Members would have realized that this was a blank check. 
this legislation once again to get this off the books. Congress cannot continue to abdicate its constitutional responsibility while the United States now is embroiled in yet another open ended war in the Middle East. 
passing this amendment, providing Congress and the President with plenty of time to decide what measures should replace this authorization before the end of the year. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), our ranking member, and thank him for his leadership. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I join in support of her amendment. 
have passed. The United States withdrew their large troop presence and marked the end of combat operations in Iraq since then. Security operations for Afghanistan were transferred to the Afghan National Security Forces in June of 2013. The basic mission of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan has been to train those forces, including the Afghan Army. 
good point. She and I may not agree on what that resolution and authority should look like in the end, all the more reason for all of us collectively, both parties, to have a fulsome debate on that issue. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
on terrorism, one of our primary current missions, the President, our Commander in Chief, relies on this Authorization for the Use of Military Force, which he is trying and attempting to repeal. 
AUMF, is necessary for the Department of Defense and U.S. military forces to address conducting campaigns against al Qaeda and al Qaedarelated affiliated forces worldwide by using this authority. It has been used by both this President and his predecessor since 2001. 
Granted, this amendment was written to sunset on the last day of this calendar year, but without a followon authority in place, killing the 9/11 AUMF would tie our Nation’s hands and our Commander in Chief’s hands with regard to combating worldwide terrorism in 7 short months. 
to conduct counterterrorism operations with partner nations and our allies against al Qaeda and their affiliates. 
Once again, the gentlewoman attempts to put in place a major policy change that does not belong in an appropriations bill, this Defense bill. 
real and, in many ways, far more dangerous than it was when Congress overwhelmingly gave the President that authority in 2001 to protect us against those who want to do us harm. 
real threat to United States persons and interests. It is my judgment this amendment erroneously assumes that al Qaeda and its affiliates ended their terrorist acts once major military operations ceased in Afghanistan. Obviously, they haven’t. Recent disastrous events in Yemen 
and, most recently, frightening developments in Iraq and Syria have shown its affiliates and new terrorist groups are on the rise. 
eliminate the President’s ability to address that threat or other emerging threats from al Qaeda and likeminded groups in north Africa, the Horn of Africa, and elsewhere and leave our Nation and our allies more vulnerable to attacks. 
to this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) having assumed the chair, 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
OF H.R. 1295, TRADE PREFERENCES EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
unanimous consent that it be in order at any time to take from the Speaker’s table H.R. 1295, with the Senate amendments thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House, one, concur in the Senate amendment to the title and, two, concur in the Senate amendment to the text with the amendment printed in the portion of the CONGRESSIONAL  
clause 8 of rule XVIII and numbered 1; that the Senate amendments and the motion be considered as read; that the motion be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and that the previous question be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion or demand 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
Will the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) kindly resume the 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. MOONEY of 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) had 
been postponed, and the bill had been read through page 162, line 25. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, or prepare to divest, retire, transfer, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status, any EC– 130H aircraft. 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
to thank the chairman for including funds to support our fleet of EC–130H Compass Call aircraft in this bill. The underlying legislation restores $27.3 million to support 15 EC–130H aircraft next year. 
dime. The chairman has already provided full funding for our entire EC– 130H fleet, and my amendment simply ensures that the chairman’s intentions are carried out, and that the Air Force does not use backdoor means to try to retire these important aircraft. 
The Compass Call is the only dedicated U.S. Air Force electronic warfare 
aircraft. I can tell you in this unclassified setting that it can perform electronic warfare, suppression of enemy air defenses, and offensive counterinformation operations. 
Desert Storm, Iraqi Freedom, Enduring Freedom, and provided electronic warfare support in operations in Kosovo, in Haiti, Panama, Serbia, and Afghanistan. It was the most heavilytasked special mission C–130 in operations in Afghanistan. 
the fleet, the Air Force has not identified a followon capability, and no other platform currently performs this mission. In fact, Air Force Deputy Chief of Staff Lieutenant General James Holmes confirmed there are things that only the EC–130H does and does best. 
Right now, the Compass Call is currently deployed both in Afghanistan and in the fight against ISIS. Divesting it without a replacement for the unique capabilities it offers would be irresponsible, especially given its high rate of deployment. 
not cost a dime, simply ensures the chairman’s decision to fund the fleet is carried out. This is a critical capability, and we cannot afford to dispose it without a replacement. 
Ms. MCSALLY. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
pleased to accept your amendment. May I also say, we are proud of your service to our Nation. Thank you for the time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ). 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the proceedings on the vote on amendment No. 2 be vacated to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the vote on the amendment is vacated, and the Chair will put the question de novo. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). 
amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be obligated or expended pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit funding pursuant to the 2002 Iraq Authorization for Use of Military Force. And once again I am proud to offer this amendment with my colleagues, Representative ELLISON and 
Obama declared that the Iraq war was over. Since then, the President has stated a number of times that the 2002 AUMF is no longer necessary, and that Congress should work to repeal it. Yet, Congress has allowed this war authorization to remain on the books indefinitely. 
Now, we all are familiar with the report, and we know what is taking place in Iraq, Syria, and across the Middle East as it relates to ISIL. We all agree that they must be degraded and dismantled. 
the 2002 AUMF is completely inappropriate to deal with this threat. 
an old war. This is a new war, which the people of this country have a right to have their Members of Congress debate and vote on. 
of the 2002 AUMF in the proposed authorization he sent to Congress in February. Yet, we can’t even get that authorization brought up for a debate and a vote. 
So, simply put, the 2002 authorization is no longer necessary. We need to come back to the drawing board and decide, based on what this body wants to do, should we vote for a new authorization or not. 
States to another war in Iraq, then Congress must have that debate and decide whether or not to authorize another war. 
I am pleased that my sense of Congress resolution—it was an amendment actually—affirming this was passed on a bipartisan basis in committee and is included in this bill. 
common sense, and we cannot continue to leave authorizations for the use of 
military force on the books indefinitely. It is time for us to reassert our constitutional prerogative to declare war or not, to debate and vote on any military action in Iraq. 
my comments in the gentlewoman’s last amendment and that is, after the passage of 13 years, things have changed. And one of the changes we ought to make in this Chamber is to have, again, that fulsome debate as to what the parameters of our military involvement overseas is going forward from this point in time, not the beginning of the previous decade. I appreciate the gentlewoman offering the amendment. 
say with regard to this amendment, Congress has a constitutional responsibility. It is our prerogative to declare war or not. It is our prerogative to debate and vote on any military action anywhere in the world. More than a prerogative, it is our constitutional responsibility. 
The American people deserve to have a voice in such grave matters. That is why the Constitution required that. And for us not to do our job and to continue to rely on old authorizations from 13 and 14 years ago really is an abdication of our responsibility. 
duck and dodge the hard questions and the hard issues. Some of us agree that we need to go to war. Some of us don’t agree. But that is not the issue, and that is not what this amendment, nor my prior amendment, was about. 
It was about doing our job here, laying out the pros and cons, making some heavyduty decisions—and that is what they are, but that is why we are here—and then instructing our Commander in Chief what Congress believes should be the appropriate course of action. 
vote against it, but, again, not to have this debate and vote when we are now 10 months into another war is downright wrong. It is almost lawless. It is something that it is hard to imagine getting away with this long. 
So I hope that we get a good bipartisan vote on this. It is about time that we do debate this again. If the Speaker did not like the President’s authorization that he brought forward, then let’s get another authorization. Let’s write one ourselves. I have one. I know other Members have one. Let’s bring forth an authorization and debate what we want to do moving forward. That is the wise thing to do. That is the smart thing to 
do. That is the right thing to do. We 
have troops in harm’s way. They need to know what their Members of Congress believe, what the Constitution requires in terms of doing our job. They deserve us to do better. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, as I said a few minutes ago, currently U.S. forces are conducting multiple airstrikes against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. Without this authority, those campaigns would stop. And certainly, much has happened since the authority was first given. As a matter of fact, things are getting far worse than they have been in the past. 
rob our country of one of the key authorities our Commander in Chief needs and relies on to keep us safe and to address these types of crises, which seem to occur all over the Middle East. Therefore, I strongly reject and oppose the amendment and urge others to do likewise. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
want to thank the chairman from New Jersey and just thank him for the wonderful job he has done protecting our troops and our people around world and 
making sure that the world remains a safer place than it would be otherwise without the United States there. 
that would prohibit the Department of Defense from increasing the prices paid 
by our troops and their families, our veterans and their families at military commissaries, especially overseas. 
number of benefits that our servicemembers receive upon joining the military, and it is one that our servicemembers and their families rely upon to maintain their access to wholesome, affordable, and healthy food. 
DeCA, has embarked upon a poorly researched plan to raise prices on commissary consumers as part of a move towards what they call a ‘‘commercial’’ business model. 
This amendment requires the Department of Defense to continue using the existing model of produce sourcing for commissaries in Asia and the Pacific unless and until the Secretary of Defense can certify that a new sourcing model will not raise prices on the shelves. This maintains the promised benefits that our warriors and their families expected to receive when they raised their right hand and became a United States sailor, airman, soldier, or marine. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to establish any livefire range, training course, or maneuver area within the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in contravention of section 801 of Public Law 94–241 or section 2663 of title 10, United States Code. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . 
to the request of the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
us in this Chamber share a concern that the Federal Government has so much power and so many resources that it can overwhelm and even intimidate smaller State and local governments. 
The amendment I am offering responds to that concern. It requires, before any funds are expended in the Northern Mariana Islands for expanded activities by the military, that the Secretary of Defense reach agreement with the government of the Northern 
Mariana Islands on the nature and scope of those activities. 
field between the very powerful Federal Government and a very small territorial government. 
the Northern Marianas elected to become a part of the United States, and 78 percent of the people voted for the negotiated agreement that defined our political union. Part of that agreement includes the lease of twothirds of our island of Tinian to the U.S. military for 100 years and the lease of the entire island of Farallon de Medinilla. The cost to the United States—$175,000 a year. That is a Manhattan Island deal. 
committed those lands for the purpose of national defense willingly because we understood that with citizenship comes responsibility, and the United States recognized in the agreement negotiated with us that we have very little land and that any future acquisition, therefore, would be ‘‘only the minimum area necessary.’’ 
proposing the takeover of another entire island. It is called Pagan. One more out of only 14 islands in the Northern Marianas, when we have already given up all of Farallon de Medinilla and twothirds of Tinian—25 percent of our total land area of only 183 square miles. The military is proposing to use these lands for livefire ranges, training courses, and maneuver areas. 
lands and that decisions about the use of public lands in the Northern Marianas rests in the hands of the Governor and our legislators. 
what the terms and conditions of any lease may be, those decisions are an exercise in local selfgovernment, and I will respect those local decisions. But as the official in Congress representing the people of the Northern Marianas, I want to be sure that the Federal Government also respects the decisions of the government of the Northern Marianas. 
would do. My amendment simply assures that none of the funds we appropriate today will be used for the activities the military is proposing for public lands in the Northern Marianas without first obtaining the consent and the agreement of the Northern Marianas government and actually obtaining an agreement for the use of that land. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman raising the issue. Obviously, he is a wonderful representative of the Mariana Islands. 
However, given the way this amendment is written, it is unclear to me the impact that this may have on our military’s future ability to train. So, regretfully, I must oppose this amendment, but I look forward to working with the gentleman to address his concerns. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, how 
from the Northern Mariana Islands has 2 minutes remaining. 
You have a piece of property, and it belongs to you in title. I come over; and without asking you if I could use your land, I come in with a yardstick. I bring surveyors. I bring architects and engineers to your land, and I start drawing up my plans. 
happen in the United States of America? They won’t. Twothirds of Tinian they already have. They are asking for an entirely new island, Mr. Chairman, and they would own 25 percent of the Northern Marianas. 
our community. They have claimed that on this one island there are no inhabitants. I happen to live two doors from these people. And that they are from Pagan. They live in Pagan. They are residents of Pagan. Many of them are in Saipan for work, just like many of us, 541 Members of Congress who come to Washington to work and go home every break—except for one, the Delegate from the District of Columbia. This is her home. All of us come to D.C. to work. Some of us, even those who don’t have homes in our districts, claim that we go back to our districts because that is our home. 
United States Government, the military must first seek permission and obtain access to the property. They don’t have that access. And in the meantime, until they obtain that access or an agreement for the use of that land, then they should cease and desist from any plans that they are making for the use of an island that they don’t own. 
Mr. SABLAN. I yield to the gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the compassion and his conviction and would join in wanting to work with you, as the chairman has indicated, to see if there is some resolution to your concern. 
own the land. I am just bringing out facts here and bringing out the sentiments of my constituents. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, since August 8, 2014, in Iraq—— 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The committee is prepared to accept your amendment. 
Mr. YOHO. I thank the chairman. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have another amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act under section 9014 for ‘‘Assistance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We are prepared to accept your amendment. 
Mr. YOHO. I thank the chairman. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer an amendment which would preserve a very important component of the Marine Corps: its search and rescue units. 
aviation plan, the Corps had these units slated for a divestiture by the end of the calendar year. I was glad to see that, after some public backlash on that plan, the Corps decided to temporarily postpone those divestiture plans. But just as easily as the Marines postpone their decision, they could also recommence. 
bad decision, and I am not alone. That is why I am offering this bipartisan amendment with my colleagues, Representatives JONES , S INEMA , and 
two remaining search and rescue units left: one at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona, and one at MCAS Cherry Point, North Carolina. 
search and rescue unit performed 72 rescue missions to aid surrounding communities from 2010 to 2014. Last October, the Yuma unit facilitated the rescue of 28 Boy Scouts and four chaperones who were lost during a canoe trip. 
MCAS Cherry Point’s search and rescue unit, known as VMR–1, performs roughly 50 missions annually to help retrieve lost paddlers and hikers. Just this past March, VMR–1 rescued a man who was reported missing during a kayaking trip near Cedar Island, North Carolina. This was not only a nighttime mission, but there was a heavy fog as well, so much so that the first rescue helicopter, known affectionately as Pedro, had to abort its first landing at a hospital in Morehead and ultimately travel 75 miles to Greenville, where the man was finally admitted for treatment. 
But none of us have yet heard a viable alternative to sustain the mission of these search and rescue units. Law enforcement and first responders do not have these capabilities, and, apparently, no contractor does either. This proposed divestiture would literally cost lives. 
these Boy Scouts if these marines didn’t come to help? I ask my colleagues to support this amendment which was meant to save lives. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, respectfully, I rise in opposition to the gentleman from Arizona’s amendment. 
plan calling for the orderly transfer of this capability to other entities. The East Coast mission will be assumed by the Coast Guard, while the West Coast mission will be competitively contracted out, as I understand it, in fiscal year 2017. 
concerns, this amendment takes a rifle shot approach against the Department of Defense’s force structure plan, and we believe that this is not good policy. Therefore, I urge opposition to the amendment and would appreciate the gentleman making the case for his position. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), my ranking member. 
concern, but we have had a series of amendments like this brought to the debate limiting transfers, limiting consideration of any movement or decisions or changes at the Department of Defense. At some point, we are going to have to allow the Department of Defense to run itself as well and not to secondguess that maybe sometime they actually will make improvements because of a decision they make, and for that reason, I do support my chairman in his opposition. 
that the East Coast may be absorbed may be one thing; but accordingly, from what I have heard down in Yuma, there is no viable option or contractor that has been and will be found for Yuma. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a flashbang grenade under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, on May 28, 2014, narcotics agents, assisted by members of the Habersham County, Georgia, Special Response Team, executed a noknock search warrant on a home on a quiet street. Officers terrified the sleeping family but did not find any drugs when they entered the home. 
baby Bou Bou, was badly burned when the officers tossed a flashbang grenade into his playpen which was located in a darkened room. The officers justified their actions by saying that their intelligence indicated that there would be no children present. 
Washington Post noted: ‘‘A flashbang grenade is an explosive device that emits a deafening boom and a blinding flash of light. It is designed to temporarily stun the occupants of a building so that the armed men who deployed it can clear the building. It is an instrument of war.’’ 
prohibit the transfer of flashbang grenades from the Department of Defense to local law enforcement. The Department of Defense’s 1033 program has helped to sometimes distort the relationship between the police and the communities they serve by allocating over $5 billion in surplus military equipment to local police, including flashbang grenades. Nothing in current law prevents the military from giving police, including school and university police departments, flashbang grenades. Allowing this loophole to exist puts our communities at risk of increasing militarization. 
tensions across the country, our police and their communities are not at war. Funneling free military equipment to the police, however, helps to further deepen the divide in our communities. The same Washington Post article I mentioned earlier cited over a dozen incidents in recent years where police injured themselves or others while using flashbang grenades. 
This amendment is not about regulating what types of equipment law enforcement agencies should or should 
not have. Instead, it is about whether this Congress should purchase flash bang grenades for fighting wars abroad and then allow these flashbang grenades to be transferred by the Department of Defense back to local law enforcement agencies for use here at home. 
with law enforcement agencies that they oversee, should decide what types of equipment the law enforcement agencies can acquire. Law enforcement agencies should not unilaterally make that decision independent of civilian authority. The local government can purchase whatever equipment they deem necessary for use by the agencies under their control through the local budgeting process, and they can also seek financial assistance through Federal grants. 
money or State or local governments’ freedom to purchase the equipment they need. The local budget process and Federal grant programs involve making choices based on need and funding. The 1033 program is an unregulated pipeline of free equipment directly from the Pentagon to the law enforcement agency. When the equipment is free and is plentiful and civilian authority is not involved, the calculus is very simple: why not accept free gifts of military equipment. However, if acquiring this equipment militarizes our police departments beyond comprehension, what kind of community policing are we actually performing? Or are we just simply occupying? 
very common sense. We should consider whether or not we want our country to move in this direction of militarization, and we certainly need our civilian authorities to be involved in that process. So the consequences are too dangerous to keep proliferating this weaponry on our streets, and I would ask that my colleagues support this amendment. 
gentleman’s amendment and rise in support of it. There is no question that every law enforcement officer in our country is in possession of a very dangerous job. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ) to finish his remarks. 
chairman yielding, and I do recognize the very tough and dangerous job that 
last one of them, and what an important job they do. I certainly have been active over my career in Congress working with the Department of Defense to transfer necessary equipment to law enforcement agencies. 
of the gentleman that we do have to make a distinction with some of these types of materials between civil law enforcement and military action. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Department of Defense excess property program does provide valuable surplus equipment to State and local law enforcement agencies for its use in counternarcotics and counterterrorism operations and to enhance officer safety. 
including helicopters and small planes, fourwheeldrive vehicles, pickup trucks, ambulances, and mobile command vehicles. It has provided vests and helmets to protect officers, all sorts of important protection equipment, including binoculars, radios, clothing, and information technology. 
Federal level but also at the State and local level, this program is a good example of a Federallocal partnership that ensures that we get the most out of each tax dollar spent. 
Department’s ability to put equipment they no longer need to use protecting our citizens within our local communities. We think it is a good program. It obviously ought to be monitored, and things ought to be only put in proper hands. 
occur, but all in all, this program has been a valuable thing to many communities across America. 
I do rise in opposition to the amendment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to procure any Army Aircrew Combat Uniforms. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed 
today to offer a costsaving amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2016. 
Last year, it was brought to my attention by numerous sources in my district that in 2009, the Department of Army fully phased out the CWU–27/P Army aviation flight uniform and moved to the Army aircrew combat uniform, also known as the A2CU. 
whom are Active Duty, retired, or are friends and family of military personnel—have expressed a desire for the Army to go back to the CWU–27/P model uniform. There are multiple reasons to switch back to the CWU model uniform. The most important reasons to switch back to the CWU model are safety and efficiency. 
pitch to me, my constituents explained that moving back to the CWU model would also save the Department millions of dollars a year in procurement costs. All these factors led me to offer this same commonsense amendment last Congress, and it passed this body by a voice vote. 
record of safety and practicality. The CWU model is still authorized for Army special operation aviators, all of the aviators in the other service branches of the U.S. military, and most air forces and navies around the world. 
the safety and efficiency of the CWU model, and the safety aspects are of paramount importance to our Army aviators because the chances of a fire in an aviation crash are very high. 
antistatic fiber woven into them to prevent sparks which, for obvious reasons, are not that desirable when operating an aircraft with thousands of pounds of highly volatile jet fuel on board. The onepiece design of the CWU model is also extremely important as it does not, in the event of fire, leave any opportunities for exposed skin. 
A2CU model costs an average of 56 percent more than the CWU model, and the A2CU was proven to wear out faster than the CWU. Further, every time the Army decides to change the camouflage pattern of the duty uniform, they have to spend millions more purchasing the new flight uniform. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office stated that this amendment does not score as it is written, but, being that the intent is to move back to the CWU model, the effects of the policy should actually net some cost savings. Conservative estimates show that the Army could save around $5 million a year in procurement costs if it were to move back to the CWU model. 
to reintroduce the CWU model back into the supply system, as the rest of 
the service branches still use them. In other words, there is no need to reboot the supply chain. 
someone like me, who was sent to this town to rein in spending, but more importantly, I listen to these Army aviators and flight operators. They tell me it is safer. Being that they are the ones doing the training and flying, I am going to have to take them at their word. 
Given the safety and practicality applications and given that the United States is not exactly running a budget surplus right now, saving a few millions here and a few millions there in the name of safety and practicality is something we should all strive to achieve. 
support this commonsense amendment which cuts costs and improves safety. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, let me commend the gentleman from Arizona on his interest in the safety of our Army aviation personnel. 
Army from spending additional funds to purchase the Army aircrew combat uniform. As an alternative, the Army could resume using a previous flight suit, the CWU–27/P that has not been authorized since 2009, except for special operators. 
based on discussions with flight crews during visits with airfields and tactical training sites. The old model is a one piece design. It is said to cost less and be more durable than the current model Army aircrew combat uniform. 
The committee is interested in providing our soldiers with the best equipment possible; however, conclusions based on what appear—and I want to say this respectfully—on somewhat anecdotal information and brief discussions rarely lead to wise spending decisions. 
amendment, and I am pleased to yield to Mr. VISCLOSKY . 
would want to associate myself with the chairman’s remarks and again reiterate my previous comments that at some point, we ought to trust some judgments being made down at the Department of Defense and not just say no to everything. We ought to be making some decisions. 
I appreciate the chairman’s explanation of the situation and join him in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
aviators for the safety aspects because of the woven cloth. I think sometimes we have to have the administration start looking to the people that are actually in harm’s way in this regard. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent the amendment be considered as read. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
evening limits arms, training, and other assistance to the neoNazi Ukrainian militia, the Azov Battalion. 
Foreign Policy magazine has characterized the 1,000man Azov Battalion as ‘‘openly neoNazi’’ and ‘‘fascist.’’ Numerous other news organizations, including The New York Times, The Guardian, and the Associated Press have corroborated the dominance of White supremacist and antiSemitic views within the group; yet Ukraine’s Interior Minister recently announced the Azov Battalion will be among the units to receive training and arms from Western allies, including the United States. 
Azov’s founder, Andriy Biletsky, organized the neoNazi group the Social National Assembly in 2008. Azov men use neoNazi symbolism on their banner. 
These groups run counter to American values, and once the fighting ends, they pose a significant threat to the 
Ukrainian Government and to the Ukrainian people. As we have seen many times, most notably within the Mujahedeen in Afghanistan, these groups will not lay down their arms once the conflict is over. They will turn their arms against their own people in order to enforce their hateful views. 
and to make it U.S. law that we will not equip this dangerous neoNazi militia. 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield to the gentleman from Indiana. 
think I speak for the committee in suggesting that we accept the gentleman’s amendment and appreciate the fact that he wants to exercise care, as we do on the committee, to make sure whoever is trained is someone who is, if you would, a person of good intent, as opposed to someone who is not. I appreciate the gentleman’s concern and for his offering the amendment. 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. CONYERS. I thank the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a mineresistant ambush protected vehicle under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, sheriff’s departments and local police departments are local peace officers. They enforce the law and maintain peace and order. Ideally, they are members of the communities in which they serve. 
program has helped to sometimes distort the relationship between police and their communities by providing over $5 billion in surplus military equipment to local police, including armored vehicles and military grade 
weapons. Police who patrol the streets and neighborhoods in armored MRAPs, while armed to the hilt, can easily lose sight of their role, which is to protect and serve, and, instead, take on the mindset of a paramilitary occupation force. The routine showing of military authority on our streets creates mistrust that only further deepens the divide between law enforcement and the 
prohibit the transfer of mine resistant ambush protected vehicles, or MRAPs—for free—straight from the Department of Defense to local law enforcement agencies. 
This amendment is not about regulating what types of equipment law enforcement agencies and police should not have. Instead, it is about whether this Congress should purchase MRAPs for fighting wars abroad and then allow the Department of Defense to give that equipment away to civilian law enforcement here at home, for free, to use on the streets of America. 
with the law enforcement agencies they oversee, should decide what types of equipment their law enforcement agencies can acquire. Law enforcement agencies should not unilaterally make that decision independent of civilian authority. The local governments can purchase whatever equipment they deem necessary for use by the agencies under their control through their local budgeting process, and they can seek financial assistance to purchase necessary equipment from Federal grant programs. 
money or the State’s or local government’s freedom to purchase the equipment it needs. The local budget process and application for Federal grant programs involve making choices based on need and funding, while the 1033 program is an unregulated pipeline of free equipment directly from the Pentagon to the law enforcement agency. 
plentiful supply and civilian authority is not involved, the calculus is very simple: Why not accept free equipment? Why not obtain equipment based on desire rather than need? However, if acquiring the equipment required the use of local funds or involved applying for grant money, the decision would be more deliberative and inclusive of civilian authority. Other factors would be considered, including whether there is a need for such equipment, how the equipment would be used, and whether the community consents to being policed with such equipment. 
pipeline of military equipment from the battlefield to our main streets. This amendment forces us to consider whether MRAPs, designed and purchased for battle in the Iraqi desert, are suitable for our local police. It forces us to consider whether an ordinary American citizen would truly feel 
for help if the officer were behind the wheel of a 15ton armored vehicle that had just been returned from combat in Afghanistan. 
transfer of these armored vehicles to school systems and to universities across the country. Are our children so unruly that order can only be maintained with the use of an MRAP? 
for the underlying bill will ultimately fund the purchase of MRAPs, which will, one day, be transferred back home for use against our constituents. The consequences are too dangerous to continue this indiscriminate flow of weaponry to the streets of this Nation. I urge support for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
repeat myself, I think the Department of Defense excess property program does provide some very valuable equipment to local law enforcement. Of course, it is invaluable if it is used properly and with care. As a consequence, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed 
I am offering a bipartisan amendment which prohibits the furlough of civilian employees while funds remain in the defense working capital fund. The services provided by working capital fund employees are already fully funded apart from the appropriations process. In fact, imposing furloughs actually costs the taxpayers more through delayed production, overhead increases, and the need for overtime or the transfer of workload to more expensive sources of work. The amendment will prevent that from happening again as it did in 2013. 
are furloughed, as they were in the last government shutdown, there will be no direct savings. Indeed, it will actually cost the taxpayers more money. 
The furloughs delay production, increase the overhead, and in some cases transfer workload to more expensive sources of work. Indeed, senior military officials have expressed publicly that working capital fund employees, such as depot and shipyard workers, should be considered for exemption from furloughs because the furloughs actually hurt readiness and increase costs associated with production delays. 
this provision, DOD still has the authority to furlough working capital fund employees for disciplinary purposes. Further, working capital fund employees could be furloughed if funded workload dried up due to budget cuts or downsizing. Therefore, ending the threat of furloughs for these employees will save money, improve military readiness, and prevent needless delays and cost overruns from work that has already been funded. 
I urge the support of the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
my good friend and a member of our subcommittee, puts me in a very difficult position. 
that some of our colleagues in the Congress, as I said earlier in the day, delight every time a civilian employee is furloughed. So I certainly appreciate the gist of the gentleman’s amendment. We have a much larger problem that we and the administration need to address, and I know he feels the same way. 
amendment is we have other departments as well, whether it be the Department of Labor, Internal Revenue Service, EPA, Housing and Urban Development, and the list goes on, and ought not to select one agency over the other. I don’t think it is the proper way to go. 
that the government actually does many good things to help the people of this country. We ought to value the work of each of our Federal employees, and we ought to block the furlough of any of them in any agency, not a particular one. 
the intent of the gentleman. I realize we are talking about the Department of Defense, but do believe that we ought to be looking at the broader question. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I just want 
to quickly respond to my friend. I share many of his sentiments. I certainly don’t like to see anybody furloughed. I was not in favor of previous government shutdowns. I thought they were quite counterproductive. 
funds are already in existence. There is no savings. We are literally taking people out of work when we have funds set aside outside the appropriations process for them to continue their work. So in this case they really deserve to be excepted if we happen to make a mistake and stumble into a process like this again. 
friend’s sentiments about the larger workforce. I have never found these things to be particularly productive. Indeed, as I recall, in every case we have always gone back and made everybody whole, so really the ultimate loser has usually been the taxpayer because we paid for work, created uncertainty that our Federal employees didn’t deserve, but ultimately compensated them. 
We should just keep people at work. They are doing an important job for the national security. So again, I would urge the passage of the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principal— 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission 
with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; or 
this offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to waive the reading, please. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, the chairman of the committee has shown a great deal of courtesy and kindness and consideration, so I am going to try to keep this as short as possible. 
Mr. GRAYSON. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We are prepared to accept your amendment because it is so incredibly reasonable. 
Mr. GRAYSON. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer one final amendment to the DOD Appropriations Act for the fiscal year 2016. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, we will be pleased to accept the gentleman’s amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that we waive the reading, please. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is identical to an amendment offered last year that passed the House by voice vote. The amendment seeks to prohibit the intelligence community from subverting or interfering with the integrity of any cryptographic standard that is proposed, developed, or adopted by NIST. I urge continued support for this amendment by both sides of the aisle. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I claim time 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. Frankly, we don’t know its full impact. It could have some unintended consequences. This amendment could hamper legitimate communications between the intelligence community and NIST regarding security standards. This amendment is very broadly drafted. It could prevent NIST from consulting with other intelligence community agencies about that agency’s internal computer system. 
NIST cryptographic standard had a NASA back door. I want to make it clear that NIST says they did not deliberately weaken cryptographic standards at the behest of other government agencies. They assure us they will not do so in the future. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, given that assurance. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman yielding and would associate myself again with his remarks and objection to the bill. We go to great pains on the subcommittee to protect the privacy of the American people, and I would agree with the assertions the chairman has made. I appreciate him yielding to me. 
my time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
see if I can try to allay some of the concerns that have been expressed. 
My amendment seeks to address a serious problem. A yearandahalf ago it was revealed that the National Security Agency deliberately subverted American cryptographic standards. Cryptographic standards for the national security community and the commercial software industry are developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, known as NIST. These standards are intended to protect Americans from foreign intelligence agencies, from cyber criminals, from industrial espionage, and from privacy violations by those who wish us harm. 
They are embedded in software products which are used and sold widely—in fact, almost universally—in this country and elsewhere. 
confirmed that the National Security Agency successfully and deliberately weakened encryption standards promulgated by NIST to further NSA surveillance goals at the cost of privacy of ordinary U.S. citizens. This is extremely dangerous. It leaves users of those standards vulnerable to anybody who is familiar with those weaknesses, friend or foe. 
It is naive to imagine that, if you deliberately introduce a weakness into a system, you will be the only one to use it. 
My amendment would seek to address this issue and resolve it once and for all by prohibiting the intelligence community from subverting or interfering with the integrity of any cryptographic standard that is proposed, developed, or adopted by NIST. 
community can continue to provide advice. What the intelligence community 
weaken cryptographic standards because whatever it does in that regard will certainly be understood and exploited by our enemies, as we saw just last week when we witnessed the decryption of information regarding classified information and U.S. employees. 
should not want taxpayers’ dollars that are appropriated to one agency to be used to deliberately and actively subvert the work of another agency. 
Therefore, I respectfully request support for this amendment on both sides of the aisle, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to carry out any of the following: 
7, 9, 12, 13, or 16 of Executive Order 13514. 
9, 11, 12, 13, 14, or 15 of Executive Order 13963. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK (during the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this amendment forbids scarce defense dollars from being allocated to fund three executive orders and several other provisions of law that require our military to squander billions of dollars in socalled green energy. The House adopted this amendment by a voice vote last year. 
just a few weeks ago, the socalled defense hawks warned that our defense budget has been strangled by sequestration, that every dollar wasted long ago had been wrung out of the Pentagon budget, and that our national security was directly imperiled as a result. 
though it will add billions of dollars to the national debt; yet, although we were told we didn’t have enough money to adequately pay and supply troops in the field, it seems that we do have plenty of defense money to indulge the ‘‘green energy’’ mandates that are imposed on our Armed Forces. 
was all aired during debate on the DOD Appropriations bill last year. The limiting amendments were adopted by voice vote; yet we see the same waste being allowed in this year’s bill. 
green energy mandates. The GAO reports that these mandates have cost the Navy as much as $150 per gallon for jet fuel. In 2012, the Navy was forced to purchase 450,000 gallons of biofuel for its socalled green fleet at the cost of $26.60 per gallon, when conventional petroleum cost just $2.50 per gallon. 
to pay $59 per gallon for 11,000 gallons of biofuel in 2012. That is 10 times more than regular jet fuel costs. 
Pentagon was required to purchase over 1,000 Chevy Volts at a subsidized price of $40,000 each. As Senator Coburn’s office pointed out: ‘‘Each one of these $40,000 Chevy Volts represents the choice not to provide an entire infantry platoon with all new rifles or 50,000 rounds of ammunition that cannot be used for realistic training.’’ 
required the Army and Navy to install solar arrays at various facilities. At Naval Station Norfolk, for example, the Navy spent $21 million to install a 10acre solar array which will supply a grand total of 2 percent of the base electricity. 
office, this project will save enough money to pay for itself in just 447 years. It is too bad solar panels only last about 25 years. 
these mandates waste because, as the GAO reports: ‘‘There is currently no comprehensive inventory of which Federal agencies are implementing renewable energyrelated initiatives and the types of initiatives they are implementing.’’ 
billion for the Department of Defense last year, a figure that is expected to grow in the future. 
for flexibility. Really? Shouldn’t ‘‘flexibility’’ free us to get cheaper and more plentiful fuels, not more expensive and more exotic ones? 
part for the environment as if it is possible to fight an environmentally sensitive war. That, I fear, is the real reason for this wasteful spending, to sacrifice our military budget on the altar of climate change. 
imposed on our military that will pointlessly consume billions of defense 
dollars mainly to keep money flowing to politically wellconnected ‘‘green energy’’ companies that can’t get anyone else to buy their products. 
Mullen warned us that, in his professional military judgment, the greatest threat to our national security is our national debt. We just increased that debt because of assurances that we had stretched the defense budget to the breaking point. 
consume billions of our defense dollars, that claim cannot be taken seriously. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
remarks by saying the gentleman from California has me at a disadvantage because we just received a copy of the final amendment that was offered in the House. Lines 7 and 8 are new to the amendment and refer to Executive Order No. 13963, which is in addition to other items that I am opposed to. 
sustainability, but I cannot confirm that to the Members of the House. 
gentleman’s amendment. He talks about exotic items—exotic items. The Department of Defense would be blocked from purchasing recycled paper. Let’s not buy recycled paper at the Department of Defense. Now, there is a great idea. 
from generating renewable energy that might include using tents with photovoltaic materials that generate solar power onsite for our troops in Godforsaken places on this planet with no other access to energy sources. 
from considering sites for new Federal facilities that are pedestrian friendly and accessible to, God forbid, public transit. Perhaps we should move the Pentagon because it is near a Metro stop. 
from cooperating with the Department of Energy’s efforts to maximize the use of alternative fuels for our Federal fleet. 
largest purchaser of energy in the United States of America. As a former member of the Congress, I have a profound respect for Senator Dick Lugar from Indiana, as he characterized energy. It is not an energy problem so much as it is a national security issue, given where and how much energy we import. 
blocked from advancing sustainable acquisition by trying to procure either less toxic or more waterefficient alternatives. My sense is that, in some portions of the State of California and 
couple of extra drops of water, but that might just be too exotic. 
that make sense, both for the environment and for fiscal responsibility. Moreover, the Department has been a leader in spurring new technologies, and I thought that is what drives the economy in America. 
This amendment is terribly illadvised, and I would strongly urge all of my colleagues to oppose it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
the gentleman is absolutely right. The military is the largest purchaser of energy in our economy. That is exactly the point. 
They should not be forced to purchase energy at vastly inflated prices to soothe the ideological itch of the environmental left. 
into a gas station to pay $26.60 per gallon for fuel when the gas station next door is selling it for $2.50. That is exactly what these executive orders are requiring our military to do. It is squandering billions of our dollars and making a mockery of any claim that we are stretching our defense dollars to the utmost. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. GUINTA ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1314, ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 644, FIGHTING HUNGER INCENTIVE ACT OF 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–146) on the resolution (H. Res. 305) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations, and 
providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 303 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2685. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. BOST(Acting 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) had been disposed of, and the bill 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
hardworking American should ever have to worry that her employer will refuse to pay her when she works overtime or takes money out of her paycheck, especially if she works for a Federal contractor. This practice is 
violate the Fair Labor Standards Act are allowed to apply for Federal contracts. This amendment will ensure that funds may not be used to enter into a contract with a government contractor that willfully, and this is important, Mr. Chairman, willfully or repeatedly violates the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
have simply identified any violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act. This one identifies only those contracts wherein the violator has been found to have been willfully or repeatedly in violation. 
and Democrats can agree that willful and repeated violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act are unacceptable; that we can find other contractors who do not violate the Fair Labor Standards Act willfully and repeatedly. And this amendment ensures that those in violation of the law do not get taxpayer support. 
It also ensures that honest, good contractors who do not willfully and repeatedly violate the Fair Labor Standards Act can have contracts. 
Why shouldn’t the Federal Government work with contractors who have some modicum of respect for their employees and who do not willfully and repeatedly violate the Fair Labor Standards Act? 
This amendment relies upon the violations reported to the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System. 
a Federal contract, there is documentation they have to fill out, including the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System, and that system looks back to look at the prior 5 years worth of criminal, civil, or administrative agency actions which have a final disposition. 
None of these things are under appeal. They have been decided. 
wherein violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act have been decided and determined conclusively, and only in the category of those that have been willful and/or repeated, then those particular contractors are contractors whom the U.S. Government shouldn’t be doing business with, at least for 5 years, until they clean their act up. 
Now, I hope that no one in this body 
would want to stand on the side of the willful and repeated violators of the Fair Labor Standards Act. It is impossible to me that any Member would want to do that, particularly when we are trying to promote and do business with honest, decent contractors, or at least average and mediocre contractors. 
This one has gone to the, again, willful and repeated violators. Very difficult to stand next to them, and I hope 
single inadvertent violation would not disqualify a contractor. And that is important. I have had some people say, well, what if somebody just messes up one time? 
wouldn’t be hit by this amendment. But the willful and repeated ones would. 
spent wisely. I think that as the largest purchaser of goods and services, the Federal Government must find a way to make sure funds are going to companies that treat their workers fairly and give American families a chance to succeed. 
This is a serious problem, Mr. Chairman. The Economic Policy Institute found that ‘‘In total, the average low wage workers lose a stunning $2,634 per year in unpaid wages, representing as much as 15 percent of their earned income.’’ 
Labor and Pensions Committee of the U.S. Senate revealed that 32 percent of the largest Department of Labor penalties for wage theft were levied against Federal contractors. 
Law Project study found that 21 percent of Federal contract workers were not paid overtime, and 11 percent have been forced to work ‘‘off the clock.’’ 
Upholding the rule of law is a bipartisan issue. I think that we may disagree on many things; taxes, spending, we disagree on that. There have even been people in this body who disagree that any violator of the Fair Labor Standards Act should get a contract, but I certainly hope that those people who are repeated—let me repeat—repeated and willful violators should be excluded at least for 5 years. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, we all agree that bad actors who deny workers basic protections, including wage and overtime pay, shouldn’t be rewarded with government contracts funded by taxpayer dollars, but this amendment is unnecessary. 
process already in place under the current law. If an employer has a history of bad behavior, including ‘‘willful’’ and ‘‘repeated’’ violations of FLSA, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Federal agencies know about it and have the authority to deny that employer Federal contracts. 
A report by the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office found that litigation stemming from such claims 
they are employers trying to do the right thing, but are simply tripped up by an overly complex regulatory system. 
amendment was voted down in the TransportationHUD, CommerceJusticeState, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Subcommittees; and likewise, it should also be on this floor. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote and yield back the 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Missouri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds from being used to provide defense counsel to foreign terrorists detained at Guantanamo Bay. 
dollars should not be going to defend foreign terrorists. Hardworking taxpayers should not foot the legal bill of noncitizen terrorists who plotted to kill innocent Americans. 
and learned firsthand of the outrageous amount of time these detainees spend with their taxpayerfunded counsel. I have asked the Department of Defense to provide me with the exact amount they have spent in legal defense services for detainees, but I have received no response. Mr. Chairman, I am sure millions of dollars have been spent defending these foreign terrorists. 
Legal resources provided by the Department of Defense should be prioritized for American servicemembers. The pool of judge advocates that represents detainees at Guantanamo is a standalone unit. They are only assigned to act as defense attorneys for suspected terrorists. Meanwhile, there is another pool of military lawyers to 
Why should the DOD resources be assigned to defend foreign terrorists when they could, instead, be used to defend our own men and women in uniform? I am confident most Americans would agree that this money could be better spent within the Department of Defense, perhaps by making sure that our servicemembers are provided their legal counsel ahead of noncitizen terrorists. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
We have a Constitution in this country. It contains language talking about the right to be assisted by counsel, and there are many other provisions relative to the protection of individual human beings from the State. 
We are a very large country with approximately 2 million people in the military. I think one of the great foundational issues in the United States is to protect any human being from that incredible amount of power so that you avoid abuse. 
abuse because of allegations of terrorists, many of whom are very real, mean, despicable people; but to now say that no one should have protection to make sure that that incredible power of the state is used justly and wisely is absolutely wrong. 
our colleagues here yesterday and today on this bill, offering amendments because they believe the Department of Energy made a mistake on uniforms for airmen, the Department of Defense made mistakes as far as whether or not we should move helicopters from one base to another, we have made mistakes as far as how we should have lifesaving rescue missions for various aspects of the Department of Defense positioned throughout our great country. 
What if, God forbid, all these allegations that the Department of State may make mistakes from time to time would actually have an impact on a human being, whoever they are, and that in the last instance, we don’t give them one iota of protection that we give to murderers and rapists and burglar and arsonists in this country? 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I want to make it simple. 
don’t want American tax dollars being spent to protect foreign terrorists who plotted to attack and kill innocent Americans, then vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
would just say that, if we are talking about the protection of taxpayers dollars, we should be talking about the protection of a human life and to make sure that that life, no matter whose life it is, is protected from the arbitrary use of power. 
I again strongly oppose the gentleman’s amendment that I think is just contrary to the foundational principles of the United States of America. We don’t torture people. We protect people’s lives in the United States, and now, to withdraw any protection for them is absolutely wrong. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the responsibilities of the President and the responsibilities of the Defense Department continue in this new climate to grow. This has been a long journey in the Defense Appropriations process and amendments on the floor, and I would like to at this hour thank the chairman and the ranking member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for their patience and their participation in the list of amendments that we have had the opportunity to present. 
I am a member of the Homeland Security Committee. Therefore, I see a lot of the new approaches. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. I believe the committee would be delighted to accept your amendment. 
member. The amendment deals with countering violent extremism. I look 
FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the 
floor and for their devotion to the security of our country and the world. 
construed to contravene the authority of the President under article II, section 2 of the Constitution. 
177 is to affirm the President’s authority under the Constitution. 
Countering violent extremism and preventing the recruitment of American youth into violent extremism and preventing them from becoming foreign fighters for dangerous groups such as ISIL and other radical groups around the globe is a national imperative. 
For Foreign Fighters Act,’’ legislation that will help keep foreign fighters and terrorists out of our country. 
In introducing this legislation, I was particularly concerned about terrorist groups recruiting our youth. 
In fact, I was part of a special roundtable 
along with DHS Secretary Johnson, in Houston, Texas on ‘‘Youth Engagement and Countering Violent Extremism’’. 
and I addressed the importance of community engagement in preventing the recruitment of young Americans into terrorist groups. 
prevent the recruitment of American youth as foreign fighters, a phenomenon that is unfortunately already taking root. 
in Britain (some as young as thirteen) had been identified and reported by community members—including parents, imams, and teachers—as being at risk of extremism or of being ‘‘groomed by radicalisers.’’ 
At least six boys between the ages of 13 
and 16 were captured by U.S. Forces in Afghanistan in the initial fighting there. 
juveniles in the first year following the invasion, and more than 600 to date. 
In the last few years a number of Somali 
American young men have traveled to Somalia, possibly to train and fight with alShabaab. 
At least one of these young men was killed 
during a suicide bombing attack in northern Somalia in October 2008, which is the first known instance of a U.S. citizen participating in a suicide attack. 
have traveled to Syria or Iraq to fight alongside ISIL, the Nusra Front, and other terrorist organizations. 
U.S. person attempting to return from the region after participating in conflict, we must be vigilant against this prospect. 
protect youth and combat the actions of terrorist groups like Boko Haram and others who are using social media to bring them to their side. 
because data shows that individuals recruited as foreign fighters from nations in Africa, Europe, and the Middle East have crossed borders and wreaked havoc and committed terroristic acts including kidnapping of youth similar to what Boko Haram has done. 
protecting our youth, preventing and combating violent extremism, protecting our borders and the globe from the scourge of terrorism and violent extremism. 
Jackson Lee Amendment 177 prevents terrorism by ascertaining that American youth are not seduced into becoming terrorists. 
United States military’s unparalleled expertise and technological capability to combat and defeat terrorists who hate our country and prey upon our children, innocent persons, women and the elderly across the globe. 
ISIL and other militant terrorists, including the Sinai’s Ansar Beit alMaqdis in the Sinai Peninsula are all global and national security threats that must be stopped. 
the Department of Defense’s efforts to prevent the recruitment of American youth into terrorism and the recovery of the still missing Chibok girls from Nigeria. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from New Hampshire and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer my amendment to the Defense Appropriations bill to prevent any funds from being used to conduct a new round of military base closures through a process known as Base Realignment and Closure, also known as BRAC. 
discuss the possibility of another round of BRAC as a way to reduce defense spending, we know all too well the negative impacts closing military bases have on our communities, States, national security, and military preparedness. 
For more than 200 years, the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard has provided thousands of Granite Staters with jobs and contributed millions in revenue and military equipment for the United States Navy. 
has roughly 100 naval officers and enlisted personnel assigned to the facility. In addition, the shipyard employs roughly 4,700 civilian employees and offers an active apprentice and engineer recruitment program in the communities surrounding the facility. This base is more than just helpful to our local economy and our military readiness. Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is absolutely essential to New Hampshire. Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is one of only four shipyards remaining in the country. Each of these facilities has a mission to overhaul, repair, and modernize our Nation’s submarine fleet. These services are vital toward maintaining fleet readiness. 
on this amendment to show our unwavering support for our men and women in arms. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
while I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, I wouldn’t express it, if you would, that I will oppose his amendment, but I do want to express some very serious concerns. 
The concern I have is that we do need 
to begin to think about future budgets for the Department of Defense; and as I have mentioned repeatedly tonight, we are going to have to start making some hard decisions, and changes will have to be made and cuts will have to be made. I am very concerned about Congress’ continued failure to confront the challenges that we face at the Department of Defense and simply saying no, no, no, and that we shouldn’t even consider any possible changes. 
The Department of Defense has continuously proposed significant initiatives to provide for future flexibility to meet our national security strategy, and Congress has said no, no, no. I simply do not think we should foreclose any options to consider in order to possibly, God forbid, save money in the outyears. 
A BRAC round is a reasonable approach that provides Congress a chance to say yes or no, and I would make the observation again that we have got to stop saying no to everything that the Department of Defense considers. In this case, I am not even aware there is a proposal for a BRAC, but let’s say no anyway. I think we have to stop doing it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s concerns. While I certainly hope that there is no BRAC round, there are concerns expressed by Members relative to the President’s comments in this area as a method of reducing defense spending. 
I have seen firsthand the concerns expressed by the civilian employees at 
the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. They are the best and the brightest in the business, and I feel very strongly that this is important to New Hampshire and important to the defense of our Nation. 
welcome the opportunity to look at the Department of Defense to try to find efficiencies and effectiveness to make sure that our men and women are properly prepared, but I feel that a BRAC realignment would be inappropriate at this time. I hope that Members would support this amendment. 
and the rest of the committee for their hard work on this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Kentucky and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
American people don’t want to be spied on by their own government. Our 
Founding Fathers included the Fourth Amendment for a reason: to require probable cause and a warrant before the government and government agents can snoop on anyone. 
of Representatives passed the bipartisan amendment I am offering today by a 293–123 vote. This year, our bipartisan group is reuniting once again to shut down unconstitutional surveillance that does not meet the expectations of our constituents or the standards required by our Constitution. 
backdoor surveillance by prohibiting warrantless searches of government databases for information that pertains to U.S. citizens. 
has confirmed that the government searches vast amounts of data, including the content of emails and telephone calls without individual suspicion or probable cause. 
a letter from the Director of National Intelligence, which confirms this warrantless spying. 
29, 2014, Worldwide Threat hearing, you cited declassified court documents from 2011 indicating that NSA sought and obtained the authority to query information collected under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence and Surveillance Act (FISA), using U.S. person identifiers, and asked whether any such queries had been conducted for the communications of specific Americans. 
Assessment of Compliance with Procedures and Guidelines issued Pursuant to Section 702, which we declassified and released on August 21, 2013, there have been queries, using U.S. person identifiers, of communicatons lawfully acquired to obtain foreign intelligence by targeting non U.S. persons reasonably believed to be located outside the U.S. pursuant to Section 702 of FISA. These queries were performed pursuant to minimization procedures approved by the FISA Court as consistent with the statute and the Fourth Amendment. As you know, when Congress reauthorized Section 702, the proposal to restrict such queries was specifically raised and ultimately not adopted. 
For further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact Deirdre M. Walsh in the Office of Legislative Affairs. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, the Director of the FBI has also confirmed that he uses the information to build criminal cases against U.S. persons, but the Director of National Intelligence and the FBI are not above the Fourth Amendment, and this practice should end. 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ), my colleague. 
court decision has indicated that substantially more warrantless communications are collected through 702 than 215. 
We had a bill up to recently, the USA 
FREEDOM Act, that alleged that we were stopping bulk collection, but we didn’t. During the markup of that bill in the Judiciary Committee, we offered this amendment; and everyone on the committee, including the chairman of the committee, said they were for this provision, but it wasn’t the right time. Well, this is the right time. 
That is why we have this broad support. It is the MassieLofgrenSensenbrennerConyersPoeGabbardJordan O’Rourke. It is broad; it is bipartisan. It is supported by groups like the American Civil Liberties Union, as well as the Campaign for Liberty, Demand Progress, as well as FreedomWorks. This has broad bipartisan support. 
When we have an interest in querying the 702 database for American citizens, get a warrant. That is what the Fourth Amendment requires. 
to require backdoors on technology. As has been mentioned earlier by technologists and scientists, to do that just opens a door wide open for the bad guys and the hackers to break in. 
colleague stated, my amendment also prohibits NSA and the CIA from placing backdoors into commercial products. 
This is important because, in December of 2013, it was reported that a U.S. security company had received $10 million from the NSA to use a flawed encryption method. Our government should strengthen technology that protects our privacy, not take advantage of it. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment restricts the use of section 702 of FISA, which is not currently up for reauthorization. 
The law does not sunset until December of 2017. Any reform to this authority should be fully vetted by the authorizing committees and not inappropriately attached to our spending bill. 
This amendment would impose greater restrictions on the intelligence community’s ability to protect national security and create an impediment to our government’s ability to locate threat information already in our government’s possession. Such an impediment would potentially put American lives at risk of another terrorist attack. 
passed H.R. 3361, the USA FREEDOM Act, with overwhelmingly bipartisan support. It was signed into law last 
week. This amendment seeks to relitigate an issue fully litigated in the drafting of that legislation. A similar amendment was offered and rejected by the House Judiciary Committee during its markup of that bill. 
two reforms related to section 702 collection. These were reforms properly considered during the authorization process, not slapped on an appropriations bill without consideration and deliberation. 
of information about U.S. persons that is obtained under section 702 that the FISA court later determines to be unlawful. The second provision requires the Director of National Intelligence to report annually the number of U.S. 
only be the target of an intelligence gathering under FISA pursuant to an individualized court order based upon probable cause. The intelligence community is allowed to query communications it legally collects from foreigners for information about a U.S. person, so long as the query itself has foreign intelligence value. 
criminal law. If the government has a legal wiretap on a drug dealer’s cell phone and records a conversation where a second drug dealer talks about committing a murder, police can use that phone call as evidence against a second drug dealer in a murder trial. What matters is that the initial wiretap—or, here, the initial targeting of the foreign terrorist—was legal. 
our national security, and it is complicated. Any changes to section 702 should be fully evaluated and voted on using the authorization committee process, which is the appropriate channel for considered review and debate on this critical issue. 
not benefited from the work of the authorization process and would potentially put American lives at greater risk for another terrorist attack. That is not a risk many of us or certainly I am willing to take. 
strongly oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, how 
seconds to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ). 
that the 702 search had, in fact, scooped up vast amounts of wholly domestic information. How does this work? 
tapped into by the NSA. In the digital world, your digital information, your 
domestic information is stored throughout the world. It is scooped up, and it is used. 
the DNI has indicated it is used for wholly domestic purposes without a warrant routinely thousands, tens of thousands of times. It is in violation of the Fourth Amendment, and it must stop. 
Committee, every member of the committee who declined to support this amendment said they were for the amendment and said we should offer it to the DOD appropriations bill. 
has been said here tonight that this is not the time or the place to address these problems with 702, but, look, we have a constitutional crisis, and this was the excuse we were given in the Judiciary Committee when my colleague tried to get the amendment allowed there. 
It was the same excuse I was given in 
the Rules Committee when we had an opportunity to address this, and I would maintain that 2017, 2 years from now, is too long to go in this constitutional crisis situation where we recognize something that illegal and/or unconstitutional is occurring; yet we don’t do anything about it. This is the time to do something about it; this is the place to do something about it. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will be postponed. 
Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to deactivate the 440th airlift wing, or to move the personnel or aircraft of the 440th airlift wing, or to otherwise degrade the capabilities of the 440th airlift wing. 
House Resolution 303, the gentlewoman from North Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to continue my fight against the Air Force’s misguided decision to shutter the 440th Airlift Wing. 
the removal of the 440th Airlift Wing at Pope Army Airfield injects avoidable and unreasonable risks to our military readiness. Given the instability and uncertainty in the Middle East and around the world, I find it baffling that the Air Force has chosen to close such an efficient airlift wing that provides critical training to special operations forces and units such as the 82nd Airborne’s Global Response Force. 
I have failed to see the true cost savings and any benefits associated with this shortsighted proposal, and I will continue working with my colleagues to pursue every option possible in order to prevent the closure of the wing. Furthermore, I find it troubling that the Air Force has made a concerted effort to hollow out this wing before allowing congressional efforts to come to fruition. 
Mr. Chairman, I simply lack the confidence that there will be no negative impacts to the training of Fort Bragg paratroopers and special operations forces. I will, therefore, continue to work with my North Carolina colleagues to prevent its closure. 
I believe that this is a necessary effort to preserve the 440th Airlift Wing because of the vital and unique training mission that it has at Fort Bragg with our paratroopers. Our paratroopers have to be packed and ready at any given moment for their Global Response Force. I have paratroopers who simply live daytoday, ready to leave at a moment’s notice—within hours—around the world. 
I believe that this is, again, a shortsighted, myopic decision on the Air Force’s part, and I believe we need to be protected. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law, and it constitutes legislation on an appropriations bill. Therefore, it violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair will rule. The Chair finds that this amendment 
includes language requiring a new determination by the relevant Federal official of which actions would degrade given capabilities. 
The amendment, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
in this Act may be used to provide assistance to Pakistan. 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 2685, which would prevent any funds in this bill from being provided to Pakistan. 
States has provided Pakistan with over $25 billion, the vast majority of which has gone to its military and security services. With this money, which we are giving them at a time when we are borrowing hundreds of billions of dollars, Pakistan is using it to subsidize terrorists, some of whom are targeting Americans. 
Just as bad, our largess enables Pakistan to repress its own citizens. Our military aid is being used to murder and brutalize the Baloch and Sindhi peoples, who are citizens of Pakistan. The Baloch people are being slaughtered as part of a campaign by Pakistan, in partnership with China, to steal the natural resources of the Baloch people. With our money, the Pakistanis are, in fact, murdering and repressing their own people, and they are aggressing upon their neighbors in Afghanistan and in India. 
much hyped cooperation against terrorism. I would suggest to my colleagues that this is a charade. This is the same Pakistan establishment that gave shelter to Osama bin Laden for years—Osama bin Laden, the mass murderer of Americans on 9/11. The establishment of Pakistan gave him shelter and gave him a place to hide all of those years, making a fool out of us as we provided them money. 
knew about Osama bin Laden’s hiding nextdoor, they rubbed our noses in their arrogance and hostility when they arrested Dr. Afridi, the Pakistani doctor who helped us find Osama bin Laden and bring him to justice. As we talk tonight, Dr. Afridi still painfully languishes in a Pakistani dungeon. While Dr. Afridi is imprisoned, Pakistan should not get 1 cent of aid from 
our country. This is an insult to us, and it is an insult to the victims of 9/ 11 that we are even considering giving money to the country which hid Osama bin Laden from us, much less giving them borrowed money, perhaps, from China. 
China and give it to Pakistan, which then gives it to China. In exchange, of course, China is getting the natural resources of Pakistan, of the Baloch people, and they are, in fact, getting a pork facility in Qatar. 
safer or the world more peaceful. The Pakistanis and other enemies of ours see it as a weakness on our part. This payoff we hope, of course, will bring more peace and will pay the Pakistanis off. No. It emboldens the Pakistani establishment in their criminal violence against their own people and in their destabilizing violence against Afghanistan and India. Let us note: if we want to have a peaceful situation in Afghanistan someday, we cannot keep subsidizing the ISI and the military in Pakistan, which is primarily responsible for that mayhem that is going on in Afghanistan. 
and our own specialists know that. We are just hoping if we pay people off, things will settle down. It hasn’t accomplished that mission. We have emboldened our enemies by being stupid by giving money to a country like Pakistan, which obviously hates our guts, when they hide the man who murdered thousands of people on 9/11 and then suggest they didn’t know it, and then arrest the person who helped us find that murderer. 
in prohibiting any more of our money— especially borrowed money, as we are borrowing it today—from going to these people in Pakistan, the leadership who are committing crimes against us. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to retire conventionally armed air launched cruise missiles (AGM–86 C/D). 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
very simple amendment that would help keep America’s strategic forces 
strong and robust. My amendment would make sure that the U.S. Air Force keeps the airlaunched cruise missile in their arsenal. That is the AGM–86 and its variants C and D. 
agree needs to happen, the longrange standoff weapon, has faced continuous delays. At this point, the replacement missile still remains years and years away from fielding. 
taking action in light of the numerous setbacks and delays of this program by appropriately rephasing funds in the underlying bill. 
I am disappointed to say that further delays are almost guaranteed. 
with heightened Russian aggression, their violations of the INF Treaty, which are now public, and also hostile Chinese adventurism in the South Pacific, we need to ensure that this Nation’s defense is without a gap. 
weapons out of the arsenal at this current moment until a replacement is up and operational. It is critically important that we maintain our existing inventory. 
Mr. NUGENT. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding. 
conviction and advocacy for this program. We are prepared to accept his amendment with the understanding that we will need to study and discuss it with the Air Force to understand its full impact. 
the chairman doing that and would love to work with him. 
Mr. NUGENT. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. NUGENT ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that we waive the reading of the 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 303, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the second part of a twopart amendment that deals with the seabased deterrence fund. We began this 4 weeks ago when the Armed Services Committee put in this fund. We, at that particular point in time, transferred $1.4 billion to the fund. In addition to that, we gave authorities for additional moneys to be transferred by the Department of Defense. Four weeks ago, we had 375 Members who voted in favor of that provision. When it was challenged on the floor a few hours ago, we had 321 Members who have supported that. All of the same individuals are supporting this fund that did so earlier. 
already done that, so I would just say all of the arguments we had earlier and all of the people who supported it then continue to support it now. I hope the will of the House will prevail and that the amendment will be accepted. If not, I hope it will be adopted by the House. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. FORBES ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. FORBES ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2685) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
THE PART OF THE HOUSE TO THE UNITED STATES GROUP OF THE NATO PARLIAMENTARY ASSEMBLY 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1928a, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly: 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking 
Water Act to reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
S. 653. An act to amend the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water resources research and technology institutes established under that Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 48 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Wednesday, June 11, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1772. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Michael T. Linnington, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1776. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Postmarketing Safety Reports for Human Drug and Biological Products; Electronic Submission Requirements; Delay of Compliance Date; Safety Reporting Portal of Electronic Submission of Postmarketing Safety 
Department of Commerce, transmitting for consideration, draft legislation to extend, by 15 years, the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the Quarterly Financial Report program; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1788. A letter from the Chairwoman, Election Assistance Commission, transmitting the Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014, to March 31, 2015, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1789. A letter from the Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, pursuant to Pub. L. 95452, the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, transmitting the 2014 Statement on System of Internal Controls of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106, and the Bank’s 2014 audited financial statements; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Under clause 2 of the rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
House Resolution 305. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to 
determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations, and providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 644) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory (Rept. 114–146). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
of Health and Human Services to award grants for career support for skilled internationallyeducated health professionals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. LATTA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. C OOK, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. R USSELL , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Z INKE, 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H URD 
of Texas, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. F LEMING, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. B UCK, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. C HAFFETZ , and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 2710. A bill to revise various laws that 
interfere with the right of the people to obtain and use firearms for all lawful purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2711. A bill to delay the provision of 
the Affordable Care Act premium and cost sharing subsidies until the eligibility verification process for such subsidies is completed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2712. A bill to streamline the employer reporting process and strengthen the eligibility verification process for the health care premium tax credit and costsharing subsidy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2713. A bill to amend title VIII of the 
Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , 
H.R. 2714. A bill to provide for youth jobs, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2715. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
authority for most taxing and spending for highway programs and mass transit programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Budget, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Ocean Acidification Research and Monitoring Act of 2009, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to extend the interest rate limitation on debt entered into during military service to debt incurred during military service to consolidate or refinance student loans incurred before military service; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
H.R. 2719. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone 
Management Act of 1972 to authorize grants to Indian tribes to further achievement of tribal coastal zone objectives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
higher education to report annually on the use of race, color, or national origin in the admissions process; to the Committee on 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. D AVIS of 
DINGELL , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. H AHN, 
Georgia, Ms. K USTER , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N ORCROSS , 
Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and 
proven antipoverty programs and initiatives; to the Committee on Ways and Means, 
and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, Education and the Workforce, Financial Services, Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, Rules, the Budget, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, Mr. B ARR, Mr. H ARRIS , 
Ms. K USTER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. A USTIN  
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. F LORES , Mr. F OSTER, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. L ATTA , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. A SHFORD , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H IGGINS, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
RODGERS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. D ENT, Mr. C OLLINS  
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L IPINSKI, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. I SSA, 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
BLACK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B EYER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
PAYNE , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. 
ROYCE , Mr. W HITFIELD , Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. W ILSON of 
Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. P ALMER, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. T HOMP SONof Pennsylvania, Ms. M ENG, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. H ARPER, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. 
GRAHAM , Ms. M OORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
CUELLAR , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. N ADLER, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. H IMES, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
Texas, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. C ARNEY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. K ATKO , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
Florida, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. Y ODER , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
SCHRADER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. 
BARLETTA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
Mr. V EASEY , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S ANFORD , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M AXINEWATERS of California, Mr. B URGESS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
TURNER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. A GUILAR , 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H UDSON, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. D OLD, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
PERRY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mrs. D AVIS of 
BONAMICI , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. T ED 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D EUTCH , 
Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
South Carolina, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
GOWDY , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. B UCHANAN , 
Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. H URD of Texas, 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, and Ms. L OFGREN ): 
H.R. 2722. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Gold Medal to Rabbi Arthur Schneier in recognition of his pioneering role in promoting religious freedom and human rights throughout the world, for close to half a century; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2724. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production incentives and hydroelectric efficiency improvement incentives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
HONDA , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 2725. A bill to amend titles 10 and 38, 
United States Code, to expand the use of telehealth under the TRICARE program and in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
H.R. 2726. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the moon; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2727. A bill to authorize a land exchange involving Fort Hood, Texas, and the City of Copperas Cove, Texas, to support the city’s efforts to improve arterial transportation routes in the vicinity of Fort Hood and to promote economic development; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
H. Con. Res. 56. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that all trade agreements the United States enters into, should provide reasonable access and collaboration of each nation involved in such an agreement, for the purpose of search and recovery activities relating to members of the United States Armed Forces missing in action from prior wars or military conflicts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Members to standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
centennial of the wreck of the U.S.S. Memphis and encouraging the commemoration of such wreck with appropriate events and activities; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
COOK, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C LAWSON of 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Republic of the Sudan for its actions to pardon Mubarak Mustafa, who was responsible 
for the escape of two men convicted of the assassination of John Granville on January 1, 2008, and calling on the United States Department of State to continue to include Sudan on the list of state sponsors of terrorism; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
importance of the Wisconsin Idea and the University of Wisconsin System for the benefit they have brought and continue to bring to the State of Wisconsin, the United States, and the world; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Legislature of the State of Nevada, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 2, urging the United States Congress and United States Fish and Wildlife Service to take certain actions to reduce the impact of common ravens on the greater sage grouse and desert tortoise populations in this State; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 5, expressing support for the 2014 Nevada Greater SageGrouse Conservation Plan developed by the Sagebrush Ecosystem Council and urging the United States Fish and Wildlife Service not to list the greater sagegrouse as an endangered or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2709. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2710. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2711. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 2712. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 2713. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 2714. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2715. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2716. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 2717. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18; the 
Commerce clause and Necessary and Proper clause, which grant Congress the power to make laws that regulate commerce. 
H.R. 2718. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
H.R. 2719. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2720. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2721. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2722. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;’’ 
H.R. 2723. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 5 of the U.S. 
H.R. 2724. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2725. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2726. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2727. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 217: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 232: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 692: Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H UDSON, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. F OXX, 
Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. G RAVES of 
Georgia, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
H.R. 702: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. R OONEY  
H.R. 721: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
H.R. 746: Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. W ILSONof Florida, and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 767: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. C ULBER SON. 
H.R. 825: Mr. D OLDand Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 829: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. C ASTOR of 
H.R. 842: Mr. H ARDY and Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 846: Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 885: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 918: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. Pittenger, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 920: Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. B EATTY , and 
H.R. 923: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. M ILLER  
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. R OGERS of 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
H.R. 1197: Mrs. D INGELL and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1278: Ms. D EGETTE and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
H.R. 1434: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and 
H.R. 1462: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 1516: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Mr. 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
H.R. 1567: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 1571: Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. N UGENT , Ms. 
H.R. 1600: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. R UIZand Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
H.R. 1737: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. T AKAI and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 1804: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and 
H.R. 1875: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. S WALWELL of 
H.R. 1941: Mr. W OODALL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
H.R. 1969: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. J ONES , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2010: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P ITTENGER , and 
H.R. 2016: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. C APUANO. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2072: Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
H.R. 2216: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. C APUANO , 
H.R. 2315: Mr. B OUSTANY . H.R. 2350: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2355: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 2358: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
H.R. 2366: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. C ARNEY , 
H.R. 2400: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
LOFGREN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. 
H.R. 2406: Mr. K LINE, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. T IPTON, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. R OE 
of Tennessee, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. M ESSER , and 
H.R. 2407: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P ITTS, and 
H.R. 2410: Mr. T AKANO and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. R OKITA , 
H.R. 2530: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 2563: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Ms. B ROWN  
H.R. 2603: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
TOMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 2607: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2639: Mr. J ONES and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M CKINLEY , and 
H.R. 2652: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 2653: Mr. R OYCE and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 2663: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. 
H.R. 2680: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S INEMA , and 
H.R. 2698: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.J. Res. 47: Mr. R OSS, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 36: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 54: Ms. C LARKE of New York and 
H. Res. 207: Mr. P ERRY and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan and 
H. Res. 294: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. K APTUR . 
H. Res. 297: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. D ANNY K. 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO.1: In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
dutyfree treatment for articles of beneficiary subSaharan African countries under Generalized System of Preferences. 
investment ties between sub Saharan Africa and the United States. 
limitation and waiver under Generalized System of Preferences with respect to articles of beneficiary developing countries exported to the United States during calendar year 2014. 
travel articles for dutyfree treatment under the Generalized System of Preferences. 
TITLE III—EXTENSION OF PREFERENTIAL DUTY TREATMENT PROGRAM FOR HAITI 
preference programs to reducing poverty and eliminating hunger. TITLE VI—OFFSETS 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘AGOA Extension and Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
Growth and Opportunity Act has been the centerpiece of trade relations between the United States and subSaharan Africa and has enhanced trade, investment, job creation, and democratic institutions throughout Africa. 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act, promote economic growth, development, poverty reduction, democracy, the rule of law, and stability in subSaharan Africa. 
subSaharan Africa has more than tripled since the enactment of the African Growth and Opportunity Act in 2000, and United States direct investment in subSaharan Africa has grown almost sixfold. 
to engage and compete in emerging markets in subSaharan African countries, to boost trade and investment between the United States and subSaharan African countries, and to renew and strengthen the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
United States is enhanced by strong economic and political ties with the fastest growing economies in the world, many of which are in subSaharan Africa. 
Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization would strengthen regional integration efforts in subSaharan Africa and contribute to economic growth in the region. 
investment in subSaharan Africa, including high tariffs, forced localization requirements, restrictions on investment, and customs barriers, will create opportunities for workers, businesses, farmers, and ranchers in the United States and subSaharan African countries. 
improve utilization of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and strengthen regional and global integration, accelerate economic growth in subSaharan Africa, and enhance the trade relationship between the United States and subSaharan Africa. 
FOR DUTYFREE TREATMENT FOR ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY SUBSAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
such modifications as may be necessary to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTS) to add the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘D’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS for each article classified under a heading or subheading with the special tariff treatment symbol ‘‘A’’ or ‘‘A*’’ in the ‘‘Special’’ subcolumn of the HTS. 
Section 506A of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a) is amended— 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2466a), as so amended, is further amended— 
after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the President shall establish a process to allow any interested person, at any time, to file a petition with the Office of the United States Trade Representative with respect to the compliance of any country listed in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act with the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of such Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of this Act. 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3702) is amended— 
agencies should work with, and provide appropriate resources to, such subSaharan African countries to assist in developing and implementing biennial AGOA utilization strategies; and 
Congress that biennial AGOA utilization strategies should identify strategic needs and priorities to bolster utilization of benefits available under the African Growth and Opportunity Act. To that end, biennial AGOA utilization strategies should— 
and promote greater utilization of benefits under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and establish a plan to promote full regional implementation of the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization. 
country should publish on an appropriate Internet website of such country public versions of its AGOA utilization strategy; and 
AND INVESTMENT TIES BETWEEN SUBSAHARAN AFRICA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the policy of the United States to continue to— 
than 10 eligible subSaharan African countries as having the greatest’’ and inserting ‘‘, through the Secretary of Agriculture, shall identify eligible subSaharan African countries that have’’; and 
take such measures as are necessary to ensure adequate coordination of similar activities of agencies of the United States Government relating to agricultural technical assistance for subSaharan Africa.’’. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the trade and investment relationship between the United States and subSaharan African countries and on the implementation of this title and the amendments made by this title. 
investment between the United States and subSaharan Africa, including information on leading exports to the United States from subSaharan African countries. 
such beneficiary subSaharan African country is continuing to meet the eligibility requirements set forth in section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the eligibility criteria set forth in section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974. 
the enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the United States Trade Representative shall submit to Congress a report that— 
such subSaharan African countries and other subSaharan African countries toward entering into a free trade agreement with the United States; and 
Section 104 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703), as amended by section 106, is further amended— 
term ‘‘subSaharan African country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 107 of the African Growth and Opportunity Act. 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2465) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an 
COTTON ARTICLES AS ELIGIBLE ARTICLES ONLY FOR LEASTDEVELOPED BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
LIMITATION AND WAIVER UNDER GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES WITH RESPECT TO ARTICLES OF BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES EXPORTED TO THE UNITED STATES DURING CALENDAR YEAR 2014. 
AND TRAVEL ARTICLES FOR DUTY FREE TREATMENT UNDER THE GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES. 
4202.11.00, 4202.12.40, 4202.21.60, 4202.21.90, 4202.22.15, 4202.22.45, 4202.31.60, 4202.32.40, 4202.32.80, 4202.92.15, 4202.92.20, 4202.92.45, or 4202.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. 
4202.32.9550, 4202.32.9560, 4202.91.0030, 4202.91.0090, 4202.92.3020, 4202.92.3031, 4202.92.3091, 4202.92.9026, or 4202.92.9060 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, as such statistical reporting numbers are in effect on the date of the enactment of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015.’’. 
Section 213A of the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2703a) is amended as follows: 
period beginning on December 20, 2017, and each of the 7 succeeding 1year periods.’’; and 
1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘December 19, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 19, 2025’’. 
succeeding 1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’; and 
succeeding 1year periods’’ and inserting ‘‘16 succeeding 1year periods’’. 
NOTES.—The Additional U.S. Notes to chapter 62 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended— 
‘‘(ii) Pockets, at least one of which has a 
zippered, hook and loop, or other type of closure. 
tightening around the waist or leg hems, including hidden leg sleeves with a means of tightening at the ankle for trousers and tightening around the waist or bottom hem 
areas: the elbows, shoulders, seat, knees, ankles, or cuffs. 
‘‘(ix) Adjustable powder skirt, inner protective skirt, or adjustable inner protective cuff at sleeve hem. 
utilizes fabric, design, or patterning to allow radial arm movement. 
The term ‘recreational performance outerwear’ does not include occupational outerwear. 
to textile fabrics impregnated, coated, covered, or laminated with plastics, as described in Note 2 to chapter 59. 
that have been covered by means of taping, gluing, bonding, cementing, fusing, welding, or a similar process so that water cannot pass through the seams when tested in accordance with the current version of AATCC Test Method 35. 
articles (including padded, sleeveless jackets), sealed seams that are sealed at the front and back yokes, or at the shoulders, arm holes, or both, where applicable; and 
and similar articles, sealed seams that are sealed at the front (up to the zipper or other means of closure) and back rise. 
protection’ means insulation with either synthetic fill, down, a laminated thermal backing, or other lining for thermal protection from cold weather. 
knees’ refers to the construction of a sleeve (or pant leg) to allow improved mobility at the elbow (or knee) through the use of extra seams, darts, gussets, or other means. 
means a closure (including, but not limited to, laminated or coated zippers, storm flaps, or other weatherproof construction) that has been reinforced or engineered in a manner to reduce the penetration or absorption of moisture or air through an opening in the garment. 
adjustable collar’ means, in the case of a hood, a hood into which is incorporated two or more draw cords, adjustment tabs, or elastics, or, in the case of a collar, a collar into which is incorporated at least one draw cord, adjustment tab, elastic, or similar component, to allow volume adjustments around a helmet, or the crown of the head, neck, or face. 
and ‘inner protective skirt’ refer to a partial lower inner lining with means of tightening around the waist for additional protection from the elements. 
‘‘(xi) The term ‘arm gusset’ means construction at the arm of a gusset that utilizes an extra fabric piece in the underarm, usually diamond or triangularshaped, designed, or patterned to allow radial arm movement. 
‘‘(xii) The term ‘radial arm movement’ refers to unrestricted, 180degree range of motion for the arm while wearing performance outerwear. 
means the incorporation into a fabric or garment of materials, including, but not limited to, activated carbon, silver, copper, or any combination thereof, capable of adsorbing, absorbing, or reacting with human odors, or effective in reducing the growth of odor causing bacteria. 
means outerwear garments, including uniforms, designed or marketed for use in the workplace or at a worksite to provide durable protection from cold or inclement weather and/or workplace hazards, such as fire, electrical, abrasion, or chemical hazards, or impacts, cuts, punctures, or similar hazards. 
chapter 60 shall be disregarded in classifying goods as ‘recreational performance outerwear’. 
the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States is amended as follows: 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6201.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 60% 
6201.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6201.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ...
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% ...
6201.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 49.7 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% ...
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6201.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 3.4% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 19.8¢/kg + 
through 6201.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6201.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6201.93.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6201.93.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 49.5 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6201.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6201.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6201.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.7% (AU) 35% ’’. 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.4¢/kg + 
6202.12.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.12.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.12.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.12.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6202.13.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.13.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.13.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
6202.13.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 43.5 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6202.19.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.19.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.19.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6202.91.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.91.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.91.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 5.6% (OM) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 14.4¢/kg + 
through 6202.92.20 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.92.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.92.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
6202.92.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.5% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
through 6202.93.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.93.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.93.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 3.9% (AU) 60% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6202.93.40 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair 43.4 ¢/kg + 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 46.3¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% ’’. 
6202.99.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6202.99.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6202.99.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6203.41.05, and the superior text to subheading 6203.41.05, and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.41 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.41 (as in effect on the day before 
CA, CL, CO,IL, JO,KR, MA,MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 16.7¢/kg + 
6203.41.10 Trousers and breeches, containing elastomeric fiber, water resistant, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.8% (AU) 3% (OM) 52.9 ¢/kg + 58.5% ’’. 
through 6203.42.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.42.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.42.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
6203.42.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6203.43.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.43.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.43.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6203.43.30 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 52.9¢/kg + 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 2.8% (KR) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.1% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6203.49.80 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6203.49 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6203.49 (as in effect on the day before 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.6% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 1.1% (KR) 35% ’’. 
6204.61.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.61.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.61.10 (as in effect on the day before the 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 3% (OM) 6.8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 5.4% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% ’’. 
through 6204.62.40 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.62.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.62.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% 
6204.62.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 37.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.6% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6204.63.35 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.63.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.63.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% 
6204.63.10 Containing 15 percent or more by weight of down and waterfowl plumage 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.63.25 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ...... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 11.4% (KR) 90% ’’. 
through 6204.69.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6204.69 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6204.69 (as in effect on the day before 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 76% 
6204.69.20 Containing 36 percent or more by weight of wool or fine animal hair ... 13.6% Free (BH, 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 90% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, J, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 65% 
CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.3% (AU) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
6210.40.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.40.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6210.40.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.40.30 Having an outer surface impregnated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
6210.50.50 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6210.50.05 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6210.50.30 (as in effect on the day before the 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
6210.50.30 Having an outer surface impreg nated, coated, covered or laminated with 
rubber or plastics material which completely obscures the underlying fabric 3.8% Free (AU, 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PE, SG) 65% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.32.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 90% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.33 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.33.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.4% (OM) 76% ’’. 
through 6211.39.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.39.05 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 58.5% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E*, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.42.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 7.2% (AU) 90% ’’. 
inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.43 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.43.00 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 8% (AU) 6.4% (OM) 90% ’’. 
through 6211.49.90 and inserting the following, with the article description for subheading 6211.49.05 having the same degree of 
indentation as the article description for subheading 6211.49.10 (as in effect on the day 
before the date of the enactment of this Act): 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% 
BH, CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 35% 
CA, CL, CO, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, P, PA, PE, SG) 4.8% (OM) 8% (AU) 58.5% 
CA, CL, CO, E, IL, JO, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, SG) 6.5% (AU) 2.9% (KR) 35% ’’. 
64 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States are amended by adding at the end the following: 
6402.91.42 and 6402.99.32, the term ‘protective active footwear’ means footwear (other than 
the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 6402.91.42 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for subheading 6402.91.40: 
‘‘ 6402.91.42 Protective active footwear (except footwear with waterproof molded bottoms, 
BH, CA, CL, D, E, IL, JO, KR, MA, MX, OM, P, PA, PE, R, SG) 
subheading 6402.99.33 the following new subheading, with the article description for subheading 6402.99.32 having the same degree of indentation as the article description for 
BH, CA, CL, D, IL, JO, MA, MX, P) 1% (PA) 6% (OM) 6% (PE) 12% (CO) 20% (KR) 35% ’’. 
reductions in special rates of duty proclaimed for subheading 6402.99.90 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States before the date of the enactment of this Act 
from warehouse for consumption, on or after such 15th day. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report assessing 
the contribution of the trade preference programs of the United States, including the Generalized System of Preferences under title V of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.), the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.), and the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act (19 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the 
of corporate estimated tax which is otherwise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 5.25 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
and received by such individual shall be treated as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
EDUCATION TUITION AND RELATED EXPENSES .—No penalty shall be imposed under 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements required to be furnished, after December 31, 2015. 
made by this section shall apply with respect to returns and statements required to be filed after December 31, 2015. 
Page 88, line 16, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 7: Page 9, line 6, after the 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 8: Page 9, line 6, after the 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 9: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be obligated or expended pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) after December 31, 2015. 
AMENDMENT NO. 10: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be obligated or expended pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). 
AMENDMENT NO. 11: Page 9, line 6, after the 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 12: Page 9, line 6, after the 
Page 16, line 24, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $21,300,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 13: Page 9, line 6, after the 
dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000) (increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 14: At the end of the bill 
funds made available by this Act may be used on the groundbased strategic deterrence unless the annual report that is submitted in 2016 under section 1043 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576) includes a 25year cost estimate of modernizing and sustaining the nuclear enterprise. 
AMENDMENT NO. 15: At the end of the bill 
funds made available by this Act may be used on the research and development of the longrange strike bomber until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a report on the justification for procuring both the longrange strike bomber and the longrange standoff weapon. 
after the dollar amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,543,000) (increased by $3,543,000 )’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 18: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; or 
this offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
AMENDMENT NO. 19: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following new section: 
AMENDMENT NO. 20: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by any department or agency of the United States other than the Armed Forces to operate an armed unmanned aerial vehicle. 
AMENDMENT NO. 21: At the end of the bill 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. 
AMENDMENT NO. 22: At the end of the bill 
by this Act under section 9014 for ‘‘Assistance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. 
AMENDMENT NO. 23: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to deploy United States troops on the ground of Iraq or Syria (other than deployment of such troops for purposes of protecting United States embassies and consulates) unless Congress has enacted a specific authorization for the deployment of such troops. 
AMENDMENT NO. 24: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following new section: 
by this Act may be used to establish any livefire range, training course, or maneuver area within the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in contravention of section 801 of Public Law 94–241 or section 2663 of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO. 25: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to carry out any of the following: 
7, 9, 12, 13, or 16 of Executive Order 13514. 
9, 11, 12, 13, 14, or 15 of Executive Order 13963. 
AMENDMENT NO. 26: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used after March 31, 2016, for Operation Inherent Resolve in the absence of a law enacted by Congress before such date that specifically authorizes the use of military force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
AMENDMENT NO. 27: At the end of the bill 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a mineresistant ambush protected vehicle under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO. 28: At the end of the bill 
or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer a flashbang grenade under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO. 29: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. 
AMENDMENT NO. 30: At the end of the bill 
in this Act may be used to provide assistance to Pakistan. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3977 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 2015 No. 92 