college is hard work, and it is getting more difficult as tuition and fees continue to increase at rapid rates. 
an investment tool known as a 529 plan to help them save for their child’s college education. Since 2001, students have been able to withdraw earnings from these plans tax free if the funds are used to pay for qualified higher education expenses. It was disheartening to learn last 
week that President Obama now wants to tax those withdrawals and treat the earnings as student income, which would hurt a child’s chances of receiving financial aid. With student loan debt surpassing credit card debt, it is incredibly irresponsible of the President to take away this valuable tool that millions of American families use 
House Republicans will fight this attempt to raise taxes on hardworking American families. We want to encourage, not discourage, families from investing in their child’s future. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
diplomacy is at work with respect to Iran where, for the first time in a decade, we have halted the progress of its nuclear program and reduced its stockpile of nuclear material.’’ 
last week earned him three Pinocchios from The Washington Post. Many disagree, including a former International Atomic Energy Agency, IAEA, official, who says: 
It appears that the production of centrifuge components continues. No new nuclear components have been installed, but it does not mean that the production of those came to a halt. 
along with the rest of the U.N. Security Council, has tried, but failed, to reach a deal with Tehran on its nuclear weapon program. Iran has defiantly marched toward developing nuclear weapons, while refusing to negotiate with the United States in good faith. Instead, its leaders have continued to call for the destruction of Israel and the destruction of the United States. Now, isn’t that lovely. Just this November, in the midst of 
nuclear negotiations, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps released this statement: 
Satan and number one enemy of the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation. 
surprising. After all, it is the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism. Using both its own military operatives and its proxy, Hezbollah, Iran has planned attacks, terror, and murder throughout the globe. Hezbollah is the puppet, but Iran pulls the strings. 
and defying calls to halt its nuclear weapon development, the West played hardball with sanctions, primarily targeting Iran’s bank and energy industries. The sanctions worked. Iran’s GDP dropped for the first time in 20 years, and Iran finally came to the negotiating table. 
great retreat of 2013. The administration relaxed sanctions just when Iran was beginning to feel the consequences of its actions. Relaxing sanctions has helped Iran, helped its economy, and resulted in Iran reverting to its defiant ways. 
is not the time to retreat, appease and play the Chamberlain. If anything, we should increase sanctions. Congress is trying to do that, but the President has now publicly told Congress—and Iran— that he will veto any legislation that increases sanctions. This seems to be at odds with United States national security. Negotiators in Europe and the U.S. want to relax sanctions. They are acting like timid sheep. They cannot lay down with the jackal of the desert, Iran, for they shall be his mutton meal. Mr. Speaker, loosening up on sanctions is foolish, dangerous, and not dealing in reality. 
not even discuss intercontinental ballistic missiles. Why is Iran building intercontinental ballistic missiles? Prime Minister Netanyahu said it best: 
They have missiles that can hit us. They are building ICBMs to hit America. 
weapon across the pond to us, the U.S. A top adviser to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani recently said: 
Now is the time for the leader of the 
free world to prove Iran wrong. The world, including our enemies, are watching. The U.S. must make it clear and unequivocal: there will be no reductions in sanctions without verified steps to show that Tehran is abandoning, not just freezing, its nuclear weapon program. If Iran obtains nukes, the consequences are all bad. Israel will be less secure. The United States will be less secure. Other nations, like Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Egypt, will all seek and obtain nukes to balance power in the Middle East. 
dealt with like normal countries. This ‘‘hug diplomacy’’ with them is not in the national security interest of the U.S. Their Supreme Leader has never wavered on his religious and political agenda to destroy the United States. Iran must be forced to cease its nuclear weapon program by sanctions. We must impose such sanctions that cripple Iran’s economy to force the Iranians to stop their nuclear weapon development. And hopefully at some point the people of Iran will soon have had enough warmongering by its leaders and replace their government. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 
We give You thanks, O God, for giving us another day. 
We ask Your blessing upon this people’s House, as we are in the beginning days of this new Congress. Encompass with Your power all the walls of this building, truly a symbol to the world of inalienable rights and the freedom of 
Guide and protect Your elected servants in government and all who work in this place. May all who visit here be treated with respect and kindness. 
people be under the seal of Your loving care and all work accomplished here this day be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) come forward and lead the 
Mr. PITTS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
today in remembrance of a terrific leader and public servant in northwest Arkansas, Rogers Police Chief James Allen, who passed away last Thursday after a long battle with cancer. 
Chief Allen began his law enforcement career in 1977 as a patrolman and EMT for the Jacksonville, Arkansas, Police Department, and then served with the Arkansas Alcoholic Beverage Control Enforcement Division and the Pulaski County Sheriff’s Office before moving to Bentonville in 1989, where he enjoyed 22 years of faithful and dedicated service as that city’s chief. 
to serve my hometown of Rogers, where his leadership and professionalism were admired by all. He leaves behind a law enforcement community shaped impeccably by a firm but fair leadership standard. 
mourn with his family and friends, and it is with a heavy heart that we say goodbye to this respected law enforcement professional. 
(Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here and speak on the House floor for the first time. I want to thank my constituents, the 13th Congressional District of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia and Montgomery County, for giving me this unique opportunity. 
about an issue that affects millions of Americans in the middle class, myself included—the student loan debt crisis. While I applaud President Obama’s announcement of the America’s College Promise proposal, which would provide 2 years of community college to responsible students, we do need to make expansion of higher education more enduring through the weight of legislative action. 
Bank of New York, student loan debt has become the largest form of consumer debt in the United States other than mortgages. The financial load on America’s students has more than tripled over the past decade to well over $1 trillion. The formidable costs that aspiring students face as they consider college or trade school poses an enormous obstacle to their personal and professional development. 
other occasions to speak about this issue, as we clearly have to deal with it as a nation and come together. 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to bring attention to the state of religious freedom and pluralism in India. In a very troubling pattern, India’s historic pluralism is being replaced with intolerance, division, and majoritarianism. 
documented a rise in attacks by Hindu nationalists against minority Christian populations in the first 100 days of the new government. Continuing reports show a pattern of targeting religious minorities, including India’s notably moderate Muslim population. The burning of churches, brutal beatings, intimidation, and arrests of pastors have created a tenuous climate in Indian society. 
As the government embarks on economic reforms, it should not ignore the plight of minorities. Newly elected Prime Minister Modi must speak out and act on this violence. Furthermore, the Obama administration must forcibly speak out on behalf of oppressed populations. Human rights should be elevated in the strategic dialogue between our two countries. Our government must display moral clarity in our approach to gross violations of international religious freedom—no matter where they occur. 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to ask my colleagues to join me in righting a wrong that has existed since the end of World War II. Around 250,000 Filipino soldiers fought alongside U.S. forces in World War II. In 1946, President Truman stated that it is a ‘‘moral obligation of the United States to look after the welfare of the Philippine Army veterans.’’ 
Bush signed the Immigration Act of 1990, which offered citizenship to around 26,000 Filipino World War II veterans, but it did not include their immediate families. Today, the number of surviving veterans is dwindling. Fewer than 4,000 are still alive. Many of these veterans live in Hawaii. 
through and to take care of those who have fought for our country. We must lift limitations on immigrant visas and restrictions for their children. I ask you to join me in making good on our Nation’s commitment to these servicemembers. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
past weekend, I traveled to McAllen, Texas, down to our border, to once again tour the intake facilities that are being used to process the tens of thousands of individuals who are crossing into the United States each year. 
Last summer, I spent time at home listening to my constituents at town hall meetings. The number one concern for Texans was the influx of illegal immigrants into our State. For Texans, this has meant a strain on our classrooms, a strain on our hospitals, a major strain on local law enforcement and our economy in general. 
come to the Texas border. The President so far has refused to govern. The President has refused to follow the rule of law and continues to turn our once porous border into a wideopen space. 
As such, we must do all we can to secure the southern border and send a loud and clear message to the child traffickers and to the drug smugglers who are taking children on a treacherous journey from Central America to the United States and setting them up for failure once they are here. We must end this human rights crisis. The correct way is to secure our southern border. COMMUNITY COLLEGE PROPOSAL 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
his State of the Union Address, President Obama proposed to fund publicly the first 2 years of community college for all Americans. 
As a former community college president, I am a huge fan of community colleges and the great educational opportunities they provide students from all walks of life. However, I am reminded of the old Peanuts cartoon where Linus says to Lucy: ‘‘Every time there’s a good suggestion, someone brings up the budget.’’ 
and attainable for America’s students must be a priority, but President Obama’s $60 billion proposal is the wrong approach for the Federal Government to take. Rather than yet another topdown Federal Government boondoggle, we need to focus on new ways to promote innovation, access, and completion, and we need to eliminate Federal impediments that prevent institutions from delivering higher education in more creative, costeffective ways. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate adopted Senate Resolution 38, relative to the death of Wendell H. Ford. 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, 
and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Congressional Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York) at 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morninghour debate not apply tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 514) to prioritize the fight against human trafficking within the Department of State according to congressional intent in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 without increasing the size of the Federal Government, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Human Trafficking Prioritization Act’’. 
world at any given time and that the majority of the enslaved are women and girls. 
Department of State Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (division A of Public Law 106–386) in order to directly assist the Secretary of State in his or her effort to coordinate a United States Government interagency response to domestic and international trafficking in persons. 
many others have confided, that dramatic improvements in the country’s human trafficking record were directly related to avoidance of a low tier ranking in the annual Trafficking in Persons Report. 
Congress in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 has been in some instances compromised by the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking subordinate stature within the Department of State. 
of the Trafficking in Persons Report is based on rigorous scholarship and scrupulous application of the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking and is undermined by political, rather than factual, tier rankings. 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking to a Bureau can be accomplished without increasing the number of personnel or the budget of the current Office; 
MONITOR AND COMBAT TRAFFICKING ’’ and inserting ‘‘B UREAU TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN  
striking ‘‘Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau to Combat Trafficking in Persons’’. 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report detailing— 
4 CONSECUTIVE YEARS THAT ARE DOWNGRADED AND REINSTATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST. 
appropriated for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ to carry out the provisions of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials into the RECORD  
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. 
Mr. Speaker, as our House of Representatives continues its fight against human trafficking, I rise in support of this legislation, which is called the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act. This legislation will elevate consideration of trafficking issues within the Department of State to ensure that they receive the same attention as other diplomatic concerns. This is a struggle we have had for some time, trying to elevate these issues so that they are on par and given the seriousness that we have tried to drive here in Congress. 
State’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons. We created that institution a decade and a half ago. We did it in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. The purpose of this Office was to better communicate and coordinate U.S. Government efforts to combat both domestic and international trafficking. 
prepares the annual Trafficking in Persons Report, which details antitrafficking efforts of other countries and classifies countries as falling into one of three tiers based on their efforts to combat human trafficking. 
rankings have proven, as you know, extremely useful in helping our diplomats fight human trafficking. It allows us to transform this issue into a global policy priority. We know that foreign governments have made real improvements in their work to combat trafficking as a result of these TIP Reports; and the reason this is so, of course, is because, as you talk to foreign governments, they are very concerned about the threat of a low tier ranking. That gets international attention today. That is sort of the leverage that we have on these governments to pass laws that are serious about going after trafficking. 
But we also understand that this annual exercise is periodically constrained by the Department’s regional diplomats who fear we may agitate foreign governments when hard truths surface. A former Ambassador at Large on trafficking issues testified before Congress that the Department sometimes ‘‘pulls punches’’ and defers to regional specialists on the TIP Report’s tier rankings rather than the TIP Office’s trafficking experts. 
This is what we want to counter because what we want is the maximum pressure for foreign governments to follow through on their international commitments to try to abolish human trafficking. By elevating the Trafficking Office to a bureau, this measure will give these experts the bureaucratic standing they need to ensure their concerns are fully heard, effectively leveling the playing field for this annual process. 
of our Human Rights Subcommittee, for his years of leadership in this fight against human trafficking and for reintroducing this bill, which passed this House last July. 
Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) specifically for his efforts, as we have traveled in Asia, to pressure these governments to end human trafficking. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentleman from New York, Ranking Member ENGEL , for their leadership 
on this issue. I particularly want to thank my outstanding colleague from New Jersey, Congressman CHRIS SMITH, 
for introducing this important piece of legislation and for the work he has done for so many years on this issue. This bill will elevate the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to the status of a bureau within the State Department. 
slavery. Victims of human trafficking are deprived of their individual freedoms and suffer unimaginably harsh, coercive, and heartbreaking conditions. 
place in the world where children, women, and men are safe from human trafficking. That means that every government in the world has a responsibility to combat this problem. 
The United States has made significant progress toward responding to these crimes within our borders and abroad since Congress passed the Trafficking Victims Protection Act in 2000. Mr. Speaker, today we can take the next step forward by elevating the State Department’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons to a bureau. 
This Office is already doing incredible work. The annual Trafficking in Persons Report has become the global gold standard in assessing how well governments around the world are meeting this challenge and how serious they take their responsibility to eradicate this horrific practice. Their work is forging partnerships and driving innovation on how best to approach this problem, and the Office plays a key role in coordinating our wholeofgovernment approach to this problem. Elevating the Trafficking Office to a bureau sends a strong message to the world that the United States remains committed to combating modernday slavery. 
not end this despicable practice, and it is not a problem that we will solve quickly or easily. However, every step we take enhances our ability to prevent these crimes, protect victims, and punish those responsible. 
last Congress. I urge my colleagues to support and pass this important legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the 
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, the author of this bill, but also, frankly, the architect of a longrunning strategy in this institution, in this Congress, to abolish this form of human slavery. When I think of William Wilberforce, the one Member I know who exemplifies that spirit today is the gentleman from New Jersey, CHRIS SMITH, who has worked on this 
mightily since the late nineties, and we are pleased that his bill is up before us today. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California, Chairman ROYCE , for his 
very kind words and for working to expedite the consideration of these important bills. This is an historic week in the House as we seek to pass 12 bills to fight human trafficking. 
Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, as well as reauthorizations in ’03 
and ’05, I believe the bills under consideration by the House today will further prevent the horrific crimes of human trafficking, protect and assist the victims, and aid the prosecution of those who exploit and abuse. 
I would also like to offer my profound appreciation to Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY for ensuring that all 
of the hard work done in a bipartisan way in the House in the 113th session is not lost nor will it be delayed but, rather, immediately sent back to the Senate for action. 
Leader MCCARTHY has explored numerous ways, in meeting after meeting with Members, again, on both sides of the aisle, to find ways to prevent, to prosecute traffickers, and to protect victims. His deep personal commitment to ending modernday slavery has and will continue to make a major difference. 
Mr. Speaker, I offer this bill on behalf of myself and the gentlewoman from California, Ranking Member KAREN BASS, who is the chief cosponsor. 
continues to lead the world in our trafficking responses at home and abroad, charting the course of best practices for other countries to follow. One of the most successful ways the U.S. transmits our best practices and ensures accountability for the minimum standards to eliminate human trafficking is the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons in the U.S. Department of State. 
been led by talented and dedicated Ambassadors—including the most recent one, Luis CdeBaca, with whom we work very closely—who have produced the 
annual Trafficking in Persons Reports, laying bare the record of almost every country for the world to see and summarizing the country’s progress in what we call the annual tier rankings. 
Tier 1 countries. They are the ones that fully meet the minimum standards prescribed in the law. Tier 2 countries do not meet the minimum standards but are making a significant effort to do so. Tier 2 Watch List countries are in a grace period and in real danger of becoming Tier 3 without real action, not just promises of action. 
standards and are not making significant effort to do so. Along with the embarrassment of being listed on Tier 3, Tier 3 countries are susceptible to sanctions by the U.S. Government. 
Speaker, more than 100 countries have enacted antitrafficking laws, and many countries have taken other steps required to significantly raise their tier rankings—citing the TIP Report as a key factor in their new antitrafficking efforts. It is a very robust effort in our Embassies, and every country of the world is a part of it. 
but, tragically, it is sometimes misguided, muffled, and marginalized by unrelated bilateral concerns and by the internal structure of the U.S. Department of State. 
the committee, said a moment ago, it was Ambassador Mark Lagon who talked about how they produce a great report, but then, typically, due to the urging of regional specialists rather than the TIP Office’s dedicated experts, the ranking and the process goes awry. 
Prioritization Act, or H.R. 514, will remedy this problem by keeping the fight against human trafficking from being lost in the politics of other U.S. interests. 
status of the J/TIP Office to that of a bureau, ensuring that the leadership of J/TIP is present and has an equal voice at meetings with the other bureaus and the Secretary of State. 
Upgrading the status of the Office to a bureau will not create additional bureaucracy—it will simply give J/TIP and the Ambassador at Large who heads it equal standing with regional and functional bureaus at the State Department. That standing is absolutely essential for the issue to remain a priority, especially when multiple U.S. interests are engaged. 
We are not authorizing the J/TIP Office to be larger, but for the excellent work of the Office to be consistently heard at a higher level. 
and other State Department bureaus from gaming the tier ranking system by limiting the time problem countries can use promises of action to avoid a tier downgrade. 
Tier 2 Watch List for up to 4 years with Presidential waivers, effectively stringing the U.S. along with promises to take action, but never actually taking action. After 4 years, by law, the country must be automatically downgraded to Tier 3. 
implementation in the 2013 reporting cycle, but we discovered a problem in 2013, when China was prematurely upgraded from Tier 3 to the Tier 2 Watch List. As the law is currently written, Mr. Speaker, China can, again, game the system with promises and no action for 4 years. 
Speaker, the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act will hold countries like China accountable by limiting to 1 
year the amount of time a country can stay on the Tier 2 Watch List after the country was previously autodowngraded to Tier 3. 
Prioritization Act builds on the successes of J/TIP and the tier ranking system for the sake of approximately 21 million people still living in modern day slavery and, again, does so without increasing the cost of government. 
Prioritization Act will give J/TIP the integration, it will give it the voice it deserves within the State Department, and it will ensure accurate accountability for countries failing to meet minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking. 
support this bill, and, again, I thank my friend. 
that I have no further requests for time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I have already mentioned the impact that these TIP Reports have. I want to point out that it is not every day that we can claim this kind of impact for a U.S. Government report. 
traveled and tried to enforce these laws know how effective this is. This legislation here would make the TIP Report an even more influential diplomatic tool. 
I, again, want to thank Subcommittee Chairman SMITH for his authoring the legislation and moving it through committee. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 515) to protect children from exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered child sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the United States when a known childsex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 515 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
old, was abducted, sexually assaulted, and murdered in 1994, in the State of New Jersey by a violent predator living across the street from her home. Unbeknownst to Megan Kanka and her family, he had been convicted previously of a sex offense against a child. 
(Public Law 104–145) as a means to encourage States to protect children by identifying the whereabouts of sex offenders and providing the means to monitor their activities. 
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) to protect children and the public at large by establishing a comprehensive national system for the registration and notification to the public and law enforcement officers of convicted sex offenders. 
known childsex offenders are traveling internationally, and that the criminal background of such individuals may not be known to local law enforcement prior to their arrival. 
minors in child sex trafficking and pornography is a global phenomenon. The International Labour Organization has estimated that 1.8 million children worldwide are victims of child sex trafficking and pornography each year. 
travels to a foreign country and engages in sexual activity with a child in that country, is a form of child exploitation and, where commercial, child sex trafficking. 
Protection Project of The Johns Hopkins University Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies, sex tourists from the United States who target children form a significant percentage of child sex tourists in some of the most significant destination countries for child sex tourism. 
(ii) an offense (unless committed by a parent or guardian) involving false imprisonment; 
minor, or the use of the Internet to facilitate 
(ix) any conduct that by its nature is a sex 
to the requirements of, section 127 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16927), a federally recognized Indian tribe. 
individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. 
ensure that the Center is consistent in procedures to provide notification to destination countries or not to provide notification to destination countries, as appropriate. 
notice of impending or current international travel of a childsex offender to the country or countries of destination of the childsex offender, including to the visaissuing agent or agents in the United States of the country or countries. 
TO LIFE OR WELL BEING OF OFFENDER .—If the 
shall terminate with respect to a childsex offender beginning as of the close of the last day of the registration period of such child sex offender under section 115 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16915). 
in cooperating in the creation of an international sex offender travel notification system or that are primary destination or source countries for international sex tourism; and 
regarding available and potential technology to facilitate the implementation of an international sex offender travel notification system, both in the United States and in other countries. 
of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State may provide technical assistance to foreign authorities in order to enable such authorities to participate more effectively in the notification program system established under this section. 
sense of Congress that the President should negotiate memoranda of understanding or other bilateral agreements with foreign governments to further the purposes of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, including by— 
transmit notices as required by title I of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); and 
companies and nongovernmental organizations to report on a voluntary basis suspected child pornography or exploitation to foreign governments, the nearest United States embassy in cases in which a possible United States citizen may be involved, or other appropriate entities. 
is the sense of Congress that the President should formally request foreign governments to notify the United States when a United States citizen has been arrested, convicted, sentenced, or completed a prison sentence for a childsex offense in the foreign country. 
exercise the authorities of section 134 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2152d) to provide assistance to foreign countries directly, or through nongovernmental and multilateral organizations, for programs, projects, and activities, including 
training of law enforcement entities and officials, designed to establish systems to identify sex offenders and provide and receive notification of child sex offender international travel. 
this Act shall not impede, hinder, or otherwise impact negatively any investigations of the Department of Homeland Security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking will strengthen law enforcement efforts to combat this rather horrific crime that damages hundreds of thousands of young children worldwide every year. 
unanimously by the House in the last Congress in substantially the same form. This year, we hope to engage the Senate and get it to the President’s desk. 
laws, including Megan’s Law and the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act, to require the registration and require the public notification of convicted sex offenders. These steps have helped families and communities protect their children and have helped law enforcement officials investigate and certainly prosecute domestic cases involving repeat sex offenders. 
appalling industry of child sex ‘‘tourism,’’ in which adults travel overseas to exploit children in other countries. Unfortunately, a significant number of Americans are engaging in this practice and engage in it while the countries of destination lack sufficient resources to deal with the rising number of child predators. 
Many children victimized by this terrible crime have also been trafficked— that is, recruited or transferred to be exploited for someone else’s profit. The 
agencies seeking to combat human trafficking and combat child sex tourism. By better coordinating their efforts, we can be much more effective. Importantly, our proactive efforts to help countries identify incoming child predators will also encourage them to alert us when those foreigners convicted of sex offenses against children attempt, themselves, to enter into the United States. 
In particular, this bill officially recognizes an Angel Watch center within the Department of Homeland Security’s Child Exploitation Investigations Unit. Operation Angel Watch originated as a partnership with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and currently collects and analyzes the foreign travel data of convicted child sex offenders to determine whether notification to U.S. officials or foreign governments is warranted. 
over 2,000 leads to nearly 100 countries as part of this effort to proactively and strategically alert international law enforcement. 
Angel Watch center as an important part of the U.S. response to child sex tourism. Importantly, it improves the timeliness of the information that the center receives by requiring the Justice Department to share its travel records promptly. This will allow Angel Watch to better detect and report the travel of child predators. 
bill from last year, and that change is an additional rule of construction which states that nothing in this act will impede any investigations being carried out by the Department of Homeland Security. 
This was added at the request of nongovernmental organizations who were concerned that the bill’s activities could divert resources from the Department’s other investigative work. To avoid any confusion, I want to make clear that this rule of construction does not supersede the bill’s general notification provisions which require the Department of Homeland Security to attempt to alert a convicted offender whose travel is reported to their country of destination. 
were the product of a bipartisan agreement, and I want to state my appreciation for the good work of those staffers who came together from across the aisle and from different committees to develop them. 
bill’s author, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), for his persistent 
chairman and ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary, as well as Ranking Member ENGEL and Mr. 
this bill, which I encourage all Members to support. I reserve the balance of my time. 
respect to H.R. 515, the ‘‘International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 515 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 515 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R., and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 515. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. 
on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 515 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on the Judiciary as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
in strong support of H.R. 515, known as the International Megan’s Law, and yield myself such time as I might consume. 
colleague, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), for his 
leadership on human rights and anti trafficking issues and for his hard work and the hard work of his staff on this bill, as well as Ranking Member KAREN  
I also want to recognize the contributions of the Judiciary Committee to this legislation. I am pleased that the two committees, Foreign Affairs and Judiciary, were able to come together to work on this important piece of legislation. 
many as 27 million people are victims of human trafficking. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime reported that among reported incidents of human trafficking, one in three is a child. Many sex offenders target children in regions with extreme poverty and low levels of law enforcement and prosecution. These repulsive acts violate our deepest moral values, and we have a responsibility to respond appropriately. 
would help prevent child sex offenders and traffickers from exploiting vulnerable children when they cross an international border. The bill would establish an Angel Watch center within Immigration and Customs Enforcement at the Department of Homeland Security that would provide advance notice to foreign countries when a convicted child sex offender travels to that country. The bill also calls on the President to negotiate agreements with foreign governments that would encourage information sharing on known child sex offenders. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important to encourage governments around the world to devote their respective resources toward combating this issue. Protecting trafficked children provides timely victim identification, placing victims in a safe environment, and providing them with widespread support services, such as physical and mental health care, educational opportunities, legal assistance, and reintegration with their families and communities. 
abolish child sex tourism or child sex trafficking, but the International Megan’s Law represents a huge step in the right direction by protecting victims and potential victims from terrifying harm. 
last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do so again. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the 
Foreign Affairs Human Rights Subcommittee and the author of this bill. 
yielding me this time, and I thank him for his leadership and for marking this bill up in the last Congress. We went 
through it in regular order. Chairman ROYCE , ELIOT ENGEL , and staff were 
who has been a very strong proponent of this legislation, as well as ALBIO 
sponsor, and our other cosponsors: Mrs. HARTZLER , C AROLYN MALONEY , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. Y OHO. 
or responsibility of government than to protect children from violence and predatory behavior. We have a duty to protect the weakest and the most vulnerable. The International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking, H.R. 515, will protect children from child sex tourism by notifying destination countries when convicted pedophiles plan to travel. And to protect American children, the bill encourages the President to use bilateral agreements and assistance to establish reciprocal notification so we will know when convicted child sex offenders are coming here. 
of International Megan’s Law in a conversation with a Trafficking in Persons delegation from Thailand during a meeting in my office in 2007. I asked the Thai officials what would they do if we were to notify them of travel by a convicted pedophile. Each of the dozen officials said they would bar entry into their nation of such a predator. 
This provision is not intended to supersede notification requirements elsewhere in the bill. 
signaled its support and willingness to improve commonsense U.S. procedures preventing the sex trafficking of children by highrisk predators. I look forward to working with our colleagues in the other body. 
thrive on secrecy, a secrecy that allows them to commit heinous crimes against children. In 1994, a young girl from my district was lured into the home of a convicted pedophile who lived across the street from her. Megan Kanka, 7, was raped and murdered. No one, including Megan’s parents, knew that their neighbor had been convicted of child sexual assault. The outrage over this tragedy led to the enactment of Megan’s Laws—public sex offender registries—in every State in the country. It is imperative that we take the lessons we have learned on how to protect our children from known child sex predators within our borders and expand those protections globally. 
report by the GAO, entitled ‘‘Current Situation Results in Thousands of Passports Issued to Registered Sex Offenders,’’ found that at least 4,500 U.S. passports were issued to registered sex offenders in fiscal year 2008 alone. 
media reports continue to document Americans on the U.S. sex offender registries who were caught sexually abusing children in East Asia, Central and South America, and elsewhere in the world. It is the same horror movie replayed over and over. 
program has been doing an outstanding job in alerting countries about potential danger from American sex offenders. H.R. 515 would codify and streamline this excellent program, ensuring that actionable information about child sex offender travel actually gets to the destination country in time for those countries to assess the potential dangers and respond appropriately, whether that is to allow entry, deny entry or a visa, monitor travel, or limit travel. Once notified, nations are empowered to take protective action. 
International Megan’s Law also directs the President to include guidance in diplomacy, training, and technical assistance abroad on how other countries can create their own public or private sex offender registries similar to what we have in the United States, and how we can use these registries to alert the United States when a child sex offender is intending to travel here to abuse our children. The goal is reciprocity, reciprocal notice to protect children at home and abroad from known sex offenders. 
officials and nongovernment representatives who have asked me when the United States Congress is going to do something about American sex offenders who are traveling to their country to rape their children. I hear this especially in the developing world. H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking, is a serious response to that question. 
I would also point out parenthetically, as the Special Representative for Combating Trafficking at the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe’s Parliamentary Assembly last year, we got passed a resolution calling for this kind of noticing country to country so the secrecy is taken out of sex tourism designed to exploit and abuse children. 
I urge Members to support the bill. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
One last comment about the bill before us. The rule of construction was added to the bill, and I would like to make it clear that this rule of construction does not supersede the bill’s 
which require the Department of Homeland Security to try to alert a convicted child sex offender whose travel is reported to their country of destination, which is one way of deterring them. 
crime, and we have the responsibility to do everything we can to make it difficult for offenders to prey on their victims. I strongly support this bill and encourage my colleagues to do so as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
You have heard today about the horrific child sex tourism industry. This is only going to get worse if we do not take action. Furthermore, there are child victims here at home, too. An increasingly mobile society has made it easier for child predators to commit, and evade justice for, their heinous crimes. 
concerted effort to combat this appalling injustice. Better communications among U.S. officials and our foreign counterparts all around this globe means more of these criminals can and will be stopped from exploiting children overseas. 
for his work on this bipartisan legislation. I encourage Members to support passage of H.R. 515, International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 515. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 357) to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to expand the training for Federal Government personnel relating to trafficking in persons, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Human Trafficking Prevention Act’’. 
the Service (as such term is defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903))’’ after ‘‘Department of State’’; and 
‘‘Training under this paragraph shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
personnel, including appropriate personnel from other Federal departments and agencies, at each diplomatic or consular post of the Department of State located outside the United States of key problems, threats, methods, and warning signs of trafficking in persons specific to the country or jurisdiction in which each such post is located, and appropriate procedures to report information that any such personnel may acquire about possible cases of trafficking in persons.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a committed participant in this body’s decadeandahalflong fight against human trafficking since the passage of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Although we have made some progress and raised global awareness on this issue, there are still today somewhere around 20 million people around the world who remain subject to the horrors of this modern day slavery, either through trafficking for exploitation for work or child sex trafficking. Most of these victims are women, and many, as you know, Mr. Speaker, are children. 
working overseas must be able to recognize the signs, the telltale signs, of this terrible crime. If they do not know which groups are most vulnerable, or what activities should raise their suspicions, then successful action is very unlikely. 
State Department personnel be trained to identify trafficking victims, it does not prescribe how they should be trained. This bill does. The Human Trafficking Prevention Act would specify minimum training requirements for the Department of State. 
These would include a training course for Department personnel who deal with trafficking issues, in addition to trafficking briefings for all of our Ambassadors and all of our deputy chiefs of mission before they depart for their posts. It also ensures that U.S. officials stationed overseas get annual updates on traffickingrelated developments related to the countries where they are working. 
We have done a lot to move legislation to force other countries to adopt legislation. But our Ambassadors overseas and their deputies overseas need this education. 
While the State Department currently appears to be meeting many of the standards, we all know that practices can change, and by specifying reasonable minimal requirements for such training, this bill strengthens existing law at no additional cost to our taxpayers. 
which passed as H.R. 4449 during the last Congress, and I want to thank him for reintroducing the bill that is before us today. 
While we are discussing improvements to the antitrafficking practices of our foreign affairs agencies, I also want to invite my colleagues to cosponsor H.R. 400, the bipartisan Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act, that my ranking member of the committee, ELIOT 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. 
thank my friend and colleague, the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY ), for introducing this important piece of legislation. 
modernday slavery. Its victims are robbed of both their freedom and dignity. Human trafficking violates the founding principles of the United States—life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—and humanity’s very fundamental principle of respect. 
According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, almost every nation in the world is affected by trafficking. There are at least 152 countries of origin and 124 countries of destination affected by human trafficking, totaling over 510 trafficking flows around the world. 
to be illegally transported into various countries, only to find themselves at the mercy of their captors, deprived of their freedom. They are forced into various forms of servitude to repay their debts. Frighteningly, the U.N. also reports that 1 in 3 known victims 
areas of the world, such as Africa and the Middle East, children constitute 62 percent of their human trafficking incidents. Women and girls account for 70 percent of trafficking victims worldwide, and men make up over 60 percent of trafficking incidents for forced labor. Human trafficking victimizes 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Human Trafficking Prevention Act which is designed to ensure that representatives of our government recognize incidents of human trafficking when they see it. 
H.R. 357 would expand Federal training requirements for State Department personnel on identifying and preventing human trafficking. This training includes specific training in persons, briefings for all Ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before such individuals depart for their post. 
This bill would also require that annual reminders be sent to appropriate diplomatic personnel about the key problems, threats, methods, and warning signs of trafficking in persons at their respective Embassy and consular post. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation will better prepare our Nation’s public servants to quickly identify incidents of human trafficking and take swift action as they serve abroad. We passed the same bill last year, and I urge my colleagues to do so again. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY ), the 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. 
cosponsors, and I would like to acknowledge Majority Leader MCCARTHY  
for his leadership on taking up this legislation at the beginning of this new Congress. 
you are from, human trafficking is an issue that we have to address now because lives are at stake. The State Department estimates that millions of children, women, and men are trafficked each year and forced into modernday slavery as part of an evil and fastgrowing industry. 
trafficking is dramatically underreported, and most of it happens invisibly; therefore, a critical part of the work we are doing today is to bring human trafficking out in the open, so we can raise awareness and prevent it from happening to more of the world’s most vulnerable populations. 
happens right here in our communities, all across our own country. Behind all 
of these numbers and statistics, there are real faces and real stories of women, men, and, too often, children— women like Mandy Palmer of western New York who 4 years ago met a man named Ryan online. Ryan was not who he pretended to be. Ryan turned out to be a human trafficker, a pimp who forced Mandy into prostitution and threatened her family. 
top hubs of human trafficking where sex trafficking, child labor, and indentured servitude happen all too frequently. Just one organization in New York, Safe Horizon, has worked with more than 600 victims in recent years. 
in Newburgh, in Poughkeepsie, places like Wappingers Falls, places like New Windsor, and even small villages like Pound Ridge. Story after story tells us that this disgusting, this horrifying practice of modernday slavery happens right here, right in our own neighborhoods, in our own backyards. 
Just 10 days ago, authorities took action against a major sex trafficking ring in Albany, New York. Nine women who had traveled here from a foreign country were forced into prostitution at four different massage parlors. 
Valley, about an hour away from New York City, a man tricked teenage girls to travel to the United States on tourist visas from countries like Brazil, Hungary, and France. He instructed these women to lie to both Immigration and State Department officials in order to gain access to our country. 
that my legislation seeks to stop. We must ensure that our men and women on the front lines of our borders have the resources and training they need in order to identify and stop human trafficking at its source, before these women, children, and men enter the United States out of their own culture, away from their own language many times, and become isolated and become victims. 
trafficking, we can make sure that our Foreign Service officers and other government personnel have the tools and training they need to spot and to identify these victims and to stop this trafficking across international borders. 
In the past, the State Department estimated that between 14,000 and 17,000 foreign nationals were trafficked into the United States every single year. Although the Federal Government has a zero tolerance policy on human trafficking, our Foreign Service officers, who often have facetoface contact with these victims when they are obtaining U.S. visas, currently undergo minimal training to define, identify, and recognize the indicators of this human trafficking so they can stop it at the source. 
minimum training procedures for Foreign Service officers and other government personnel in order to identify and 
stop this human trafficking before people cross these boundaries and end up in our own communities, before it becomes too late, when they are here and victimized. 
anything to adapt to our new methods and to avoid getting caught, so this bipartisan legislation also requires annual updates to keep on top of key problems, threats, the new methods, and to identify new warning signs of trafficking. 
the aisle because, by working together, we have a new opportunity to come together to combat this monstrous practice of trafficking in children, women, and men. Victims of human trafficking cannot wait another day. Today, we have an opportunity to do something together to combat this growing problem. 
support my legislation, H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. 
no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
trafficking has been a priority in my tenure as chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee here in the House, but I am pleased that the House leadership and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have chosen to make it our focus during this early week of the session. 
Our actions today are not a conclusion on this issue. They are an opening salvo by the 114th Congress to continue our fight against modern slavery. This bill seeks to ensure that U.S. personnel overseas are properly equipped to combat the scourge of human trafficking and deserves our unanimous support. 
to take, frankly, as an institution in order to continue to put leverage at the disposal of our diplomats and new measures into law to protect the victims of trafficking. As we go forward, we will do that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act by the gentleman from New York, SEANPATRICK MALONEY . 
scourge. Time and time again, there are missed opportunities to identify and assist victims of human trafficking. This may be due to a lack of training to recognize signs of trafficking, or perhaps a hesitancy to intrude into the ‘‘privacy’’ of others. 
the victims of trafficking, however, and at each point there are people who can intervene if they know how to identify victims of trafficking. 
detection. Whether by plane, train or bus, they come into contact with flight attendants and the like, as well as border officials. 
In July of 2010, I chaired a conference in 
Washington, D.C., to bring together the relevant U.S. agencies, such as the Customs 
nongovernmental organizations to focus on interdicting traffickers by training commercial transportation employees to recognize the indicators for trafficking. Speakers, including Deborah Sigmund, founder of a nongovernment organization called Innocents at Risk, explained how flight attendants were the ‘‘first line of defense’’ in the fight against human trafficking. 
to observe a potential trafficking in progress and then call a trafficking hotline or inform the pilot to radio ahead so that the proper authorities can intervene. 
Former flight attendant Nancy Rivard, President of Airline Ambassadors International, told us how she and other flight attendants compared notes one day and were shocked and dismayed at how often they had noticed what they suspected was a trafficked woman or child on their flight, but had no training or protocol to do something about it. Nancy has been doing a great deal about it ever since, training airline employees around the United States and world. 
Homeland Security (DHS) released a similar training initiative, the Blue Lightning program, to domestic U.S. airlines—including Delta, JetBlue, Allegiant, and North American Airlines. With minimal modifications, the training is also easily adaptable to bus drivers and station operators, train conductors, trucking associations, and other transportation industry professionals. 
In December 2013, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, or OSCE, which comprises 57 countries from Europe and North America, endorsed my plan to make antitrafficking training for airline employees, other public and commercial carriers, as well as hotel employees, a primary goal in the international strategy to combat human trafficking. In an earlier session, the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly (OSCEPA) adopted my resolution to implement such training in each member country. 
But what about our State Department personnel working overseas? Are they properly trained to be able to recognize the signs of this heinous crime and violation of fundamental human rights? 
Current law does require that State Department personnel be trained to identify trafficking victims, and there are many fine foreign service officers tasked with addressing trafficking issues. 
training requirements. H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act, would mandate several minimum training requirements on this issue within the Department of State. 
Department personnel who deal with trafficking issues, in addition to trafficking briefings for all Ambassadors and Deputy Chiefs of Mission before they depart for their posts. The legislation also requires that annual reminders be sent to appropriate personnel on key trafficking issues related to their countries of focus. 
such training, this bill strengthens the existing law. And notably, it does so at no additional cost to taxpayers. 
this measure, and adding to the body of legislation developed by the House to address this 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
ENHANCING SERVICES FOR RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS VICTIMS OF YOUTH TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 468) to amend the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act to increase knowledge concerning, and improve services for, runaway and homeless youth who are victims of trafficking. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) each 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 468. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
not just a concern in foreign countries. It is happening right here in the United States and many times in our own backyards. 
Missing and Exploited Children has referred more than 13,000 CyberTipline reports of suspected child sexual exploitation to law enforcement. 
human trafficking forums in my district which brought together county prosecutors, sheriffs, the State police, and members of the southern Michigan Task Force on Human Trafficking to discuss how our community is dealing with these heinous crimes and hear feedback on what additional actions Congress can take to help local law enforcement combat trafficking. 
One of the things I heard at my district roundtables is the need for improved resources for victims’ advocacy and support, especially for youth victims and atrisk youth. Federal and State officials, law enforcement, the courts, all of us have a moral obligation to eradicate trafficking and support its victims. 
It will take close coordination between all stakeholders to achieve the dual goals of ending the human trafficking epidemic and assisting the victims. That is why I am an original cosponsor of H.R. 468, the Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act. 
our most vulnerable youth who are victims of extreme trafficking. This legislation amends the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act to use existing grant resources to train staff on the effects of human trafficking in runaway and homeless youth victims and for developing statewide strategies to reach such youth. 
the existing Street Outreach Program to provide streetbased services for runaway and homeless youth who are victims of trafficking. 
for his leadership on this bill, as well as the Education and the Workforce Committee chairman, Mr. KLINE, and 
their work on moving this legislation forward. Our Nation’s runaway and homeless youth deserve access to services that will help them escape a life of crime, abuse, and neglect. 
Passing this simple fix to the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act will help ensure that those suffering from the trauma of these deplorable crimes 
will have access to the care and support they need. 
468, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
468, the Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act of 2015. 
the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK), the gentleman from Michigan 
the full committee, Mr. K LINE, and appreciate their leadership on this important issue. 
the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, so that victims of sexual exploitation and trafficking can get more of the help that they need. We know that trafficking and youth homelessness are often affecting the same populations. 
are homeless are particularly vulnerable to sexual exploitation and trafficking, and programs targeted towards the runaway and homeless youth should be simultaneously equipped to support victims of trafficking when there is such an overlap. 
correlation between running away and becoming exploited through prostitution. For example, according to a 2006 FBI Uniform Crime Report, girls who run away from their homes, group homes, foster homes, or treatment centers are at high risk of being targeted 
Street outreach programs were created to provide services to runaway and homeless and street youth who have been subjected to or are at risk of being subjected to sexual abuse. Every year, 25,000 of these young people find shelter as a result of these programs. 
today ensures that street outreach programs can rely on funding already available through the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. This allows the Department of Health and Human Services to provide streetbased services such as individual assessments, treatment, counseling, or other shelter for runaway and homeless youth who are also victims of trafficking. 
States, organizations, and other entities to use runaway and homeless youth research grants for staff training to work with these young victims. Such additional training will allow service providers to successfully address the behavioral and emotional effects of the abuse and assault that these victims endure. 
Our bill also enhances training programs so that staff will be able to recognize and respond to the unique needs of trafficking victims. This is a small but important change, one necessary to improve services available. 
Youth Act with this legislation is an important first step, but it is also important for Congress to consider reauthorizing the entire act, which expired last year. 
In the 113th Congress, the Senate Judiciary Committee approved a bipartisan reauthorization bill that would provide other critical support to runaway and homeless youth, including extending time for safe and appropriate shelter, establishing performance standards for assistance programs, strengthening data collection, and ensuring that adequate resources for all runaway and homeless youths are available. 
It is my hope that the House can continue the spirit of bipartisanship and comprehensively update the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. Our Nation’s most vulnerable youth need us to come together and work together on their behalf. 
all of my colleagues to support the legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), 
the chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
gentleman for yielding the time and for his consistent, continuous leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, as a father and grandfather, I find it difficult to imagine anything more terrifying than a loved one falling victim to youth sex trafficking. Yet each year, hundreds of thousands of children and families are forced to live with the pain and suffering that stems from this deplorable crime. 
crime is taking place right here in our own country. It is impacting our communities, our families, and our children. We face a national crisis, and it demands a national response. 
underway to fight this heinous crime, care for the victims, and support their families. 
Center for Missing and Exploited Children, or NCMEC, are on the front lines every day identifying victims, assisting law enforcement in the recovery of missing children, and returning children to their loved ones. 
schools and employers to enhance support for victims and their families. Parents with children in school are probably familiar with Lifetouch photography. Through its SmileSafe Kids initiative, Lifetouch is making it easier for parents and NCMEC to alert law enforcement of a missing child in order to accelerate the search and rescue. 
NCMEC and others are always finding new ways to help, and so should we, and that is why we are here today. We have learned too often victims fall through the cracks of States’ child welfare systems. Those who may be runaway or homeless youth do not have access to the full range of services they need. 
And believe it or not, due to a flaw in 
the law, there are times when children are treated as criminals—as criminals, Mr. Speaker—rather than the victims of a violent crime. 
Congress has an opportunity to address these challenges and strengthen our support for victims of youth sex trafficking. I want to thank my Republican and Democratic colleagues for working with us on this important effort, including Mr. WALBERG , as I mentioned earlier; the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, Mr. SCOTT; and Representatives 
I am pleased that in the early days of 
the 114th Congress, we are taking action to address youth sex trafficking. It reflects both the seriousness of this crime and our commitment to the victims and their families. 
the ranking member for his statements in support of this legislation, I thank Mr. HECK for sponsoring it, and Mr. 
body, when we can come together in a bipartisan fashion to do what is right for our country; but, in this case, to do what is right for our defenseless young people, many of whom have been caught into a web that offers nothing but pain and misfortune for the future. To take a stand on this issue, to stand for opportunity, to push back against the dark clouds of crime that prey on young people is something that we can stand together on. 
words in support of this legislation. Now it is time to get to work, and the best way to do that, Mr. Speaker, as you and I both know, is to pass it. 
‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 468, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 469) to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services 
and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, a report that— 
regulations that may prevent identification and assessment of children who are victims of trafficking, including an evaluation of the extent to which States are able to address the needs of such trafficked children without altering the definition of child abuse and neglect under section 3 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) each 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 469. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, domestic child trafficking is a serious problem, sadly, in the United States. Around 300,000 American youth are at risk of sexual commercial exploitation and trafficking each year. That is why the 
House of Representatives is considering a number of bills this week that seek to ensure that human trafficking victims are treated as victims and have access to the services they desperately need. 
worked on legislation to help address this problem in the past and will continue that important work this year. I have also held local roundtables in Michigan with victims, advocacy, and law enforcement groups to do everything I can to work with my communities to address this heinous crime. 
Exploited Children estimates that 68 percent of likely sex trafficking victims were involved in the child welfare system at one time. Instead of properly identifying and assisting trafficked and exploited children, these children are often sent to the juvenile justice system, where they are labeled and treated as criminals. These innocent victims are victimized by the very system that was designed to protect them. 
support of H.R. 469. The Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015 will help protect child victims by improving practices within State child welfare systems to identify, assess, and document sex trafficking victims. The House passed this legislation by a voice vote last summer, and I thank my colleague, Congresswoman KAREN BASS, for her work on this important legislation again this Congress. 
H.R. 469 amends the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to direct States to implement and maintain procedures to identify and assess reports involving children who are victims of sex trafficking. 
train child protective services workers on how to identify these children and the services necessary to meet their needs, and it would improve reporting on the number of children identified as sex trafficking victims. 
Secretary of Health and Human Services to report on the type and prevalence of youth trafficking victims in 
the welfare system, provide a summary of State practices for serving youth trafficking victims, and report on any barriers in Federal law that prevent identification and assessment of youth victims of trafficking. 
pass legislation that helps victims of both labor and sex trafficking, to ensure that victims receive the services they need to escape a life of abuse. 
Again, I would like to thank Congresswoman KAREN BASSand Chairman 
KLINE of the Education and the Workforce Committee for their work on this important bill. 
of H.R. 469, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015, sponsored by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS). 
sex trafficking by helping them find services they need, by training child protective services workers to identify cases of child sex trafficking, and by improving data collection on the number of child sex trafficking victims. 
the Department of Health and Human Services to submit a report to Congress that describes the type and prevalence of severe forms of trafficking to which identified victims are subjected. 
This bill also summarizes State practices to identify and serve trafficking victims and those at risk of trafficking and describes Federal statutory or regulatory barriers that may prevent child trafficking victims from getting the services they need, including an evaluation of the State’s capacity to address such victim’s needs. 
welfare agencies to include child labor trafficking in their provisions of staff training. Under the bill, if a State includes child labor trafficking in those responsibilities, the States must also collect data on the number of those victims. 
The bill is a product of good bipartisan work and diligent negotiations by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS) and her staff and Democratic and 
Republican staffs in the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
important legislation, which has the backing of child welfare advocates and will improve services and responses to child trafficking victims. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas, Judge POE, one 
who understands this process from his time in the court of law as a judge. 
This bill, Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, H.R. 469, is an excellent piece of legislation. As mentioned, it is a bipartisan piece of legislation. 
legislation dealing with trafficking that have come and will come to the House floor the rest of today and tomorrow, bipartisan pieces of legislation. 
In my short tenure of 10 years here in 
Congress, I have never seen a subject that had so many people interested on both sides of the aisle and so many pieces of legislation coming to the House floor, all with the purpose of trying to rein in this scourge of human trafficking in the United States. 
concerned about other matters than the issue of trafficking, at least the 
media does. They spend a lot of time talking about how much air is in footballs when we probably should be dealing with how much criminal activity is taking place in America where America’s children are being kidnapped and put into slavery. 
percent of American children involved in human trafficking, somewhere in their background they were in foster care. I am not saying foster care caused that. I am just saying that somewhere they make the route through foster care. We are not doing what we should do in dealing with our children to protect them from this scourge of trafficking. 
help people in States, State government, to take care and make sure that children do not get taken up in this human trafficking that is taking place in the United States. 
Houston is one of the hubs in the United States for human trafficking. Because of our location in the United States—near an international border— we have not only domestic trafficked victims go through our city but international trafficked victims and their children, their young people. 
the House and the leadership of the House for bringing this legislation and legislation like it up to the floor to make sure that America understands and criminals understand America’s children are not for sale. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), the sponsor of the bill and 
in support of the bipartisan Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, which I introduced with a group of bipartisan Members of Congress. 
unanimously passed in the 113th Congress. This legislation demonstrates how critical it is that Members of Congress work together to move policy that protects children from being sexually exploited. The work that both sides of the aisle have done on sex trafficking demonstrates a strong commitment to preventing our most vulnerable populations from becoming victims. 
First, I would like to thank Chairman KLINE, Representative W ALBERG , 
leadership on continuing to support this legislation that works towards ensuring that no child in the United States becomes a victim of sex trafficking. I am grateful for their knowledge and assistance that helped bring this important bill to the floor today. I 
My colleague and friend, Representative T OMMARINO , has been a leader in 
fighting for children in the foster care system. Mr. MARINO , along with the 
Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth cochairs—JIM MCDERMOTT , T RENT  
BLACK —all served as original cosponsors of H.R. 469 and have demonstrated leadership by both making significant change in the child welfare system and by bringing attention to the horrendous intersection between sex trafficking and our child welfare system. 
The U.S. Department of Justice reports that between 2008 and 2010 40 percent of sex trafficking cases involved the exploitation of children. Tragically, many of these children are forgotten without the appropriate services to ensure their safety. This highlights the failure of our system to prevent them from becoming victims. 
More than 200,000 youth in our country are at risk of trafficking per year. In my hometown of Los Angeles, the Probation Department reports that 61 percent of identified trafficking victims are foster youth. It is noteworthy that this statistic comes from the Probation Department and not the child welfare department. This legislation hopes to correct that. We want to make sure that child welfare agencies, in addition to juvenile justice, begin to document this problem. 
have the STAR Court, which is a specialized, collaborative courthouse designed to serve youth who have been trafficked. The STAR Court team reports that 80 percent of the girls entering their courtroom have previously been involved in the child welfare system. 
As cochair of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, I have had the opportunity to travel throughout the country as part of our Nationwide Listening Tour. Unfortunately, I have heard far too many stories about youth in foster care falling through the cracks in the system. Sometimes they are thought to be runaways. Sadly, they report that no one looked for them and that, in fact, they had not run away but had been abducted or tricked or drugged by a pimp when the system assumed they were bad girls who had just run away. 
woman that we often repeat her story. She told us in hearings that she felt the foster care system prepared her for exploitation because her pimp was the first person who told her that he loved her and that, while in foster care, she was moved so often and told so often that she was just a paycheck that she formed no healthy attachments and had nowhere to turn. 
pimp is the only one she can turn to or 
that she would rather be with a pimp than be bounced around from foster home to foster home. The system that is supposed to be designed to help vulnerable children should not turn around and victimize the children or allow them to fall into the hands of exploiters. 
met told us that, during the time they were being trafficked, they had numerous encounters with the child welfare system but that no one asked what was happening to them, especially girls in group homes. Pimps know this population is especially vulnerable. H.R. 469 will allow child welfare agencies across the Nation to develop State protection plans to outline provisions and procedures to identify and assess all reports of children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking. 
welfare system for this population. A first step is to document the extent of the problem. Another step is to ensure that each State has a plan to train social workers to identify and address the needs of this population. Arresting these children should not be the way we provide services. Arresting them treats them as criminals, and one has to question if jail is ever an appropriate place to provide the type of services these children need. 
year, the Department of Health and Human Services report to Congress on the prevalence and type of trafficking they have encountered. The report will assess State practices used to identify and serve trafficking victims and Federal laws and policies that might, in fact, prevent States from supporting these victims, including the absence of trafficking in the Federal definition of ‘‘child abuse and neglect’’ under CAPTA, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. 
that has been created to reform our child welfare system and to ensure that vulnerable children are provided with the resources they need. I strongly urge my colleagues to support H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, and to continue to work together in Congress to combat domestic minor sex trafficking. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri, Congresswoman WAGNER , an 
aggressive and outspoken advocate for children since arriving here in Congress, an opponent of trafficking, and who has much to say but who also has had much evidence of action on this issue. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. 
has fought this fight for so very many years. 
113th Congress five pieces of legislation on human trafficking move through this Chamber. Now, tomorrow, we will 
pass 12 pieces of human trafficking to end the scourge of sex slavery in this country and beyond, and I could not be more proud of this Chamber and of the bipartisan effort to get this done. 
of H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015, sponsored by Representative KAREN BASS. 
longtime leader in Congress on the issue of human trafficking. Her legislation will strengthen the child welfare response to trafficking by ensuring that each State develops a plan that would identify children at risk of becoming victims of human trafficking. According to the Department of Justice, upwards of 300,000 American children are at risk of becoming the victims of crime. 
face in combating this problem is a lack of accurate and reliable statistics. Frequently, those most at risk of falling victim to human trafficking are not identified early enough to intervene. By ensuring that child welfare agencies have systems in place to properly identify, to assess, and to document child victims of trafficking, H.R. 469 will move us towards a comprehensive, total solution to the scourge of human trafficking in the United States. 
sponsoring, at the end of our debate here, a Special Order on the issue of human trafficking. I invite all of my colleagues to join me on the floor as we talk about this important issue and about the 12 pieces of human trafficking legislation that will come forward tomorrow. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), 
who, in arriving here just this term, has rolled up his sleeves and has already taken aggressive action on issues that make a difference. 
gentleman from Michigan for yielding this time and for his efforts in this most noble fight. 
of H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015, which directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop and publish guidelines to assist State child welfare agencies in efforts to serve youth who are victims or who are, perhaps, most importantly, at risk of becoming victims of human trafficking. In addition, this bill amends the Foster Care and Adoption Assistance Act to require a State plan for foster care and adoption assistance to identify children who are victims of human trafficking. 
sons and as the grandfather of precious, precious twin granddaughters, nothing terrifies me more than the 
thought of a loved one’s falling victim to human sex trafficking. However, families all across our country suffer this horrific situation every day. I believe all of my colleagues would agree that protecting every child in this country is our number one priority; yet children in State welfare systems slip through the cracks and go unnoticed every day. 
where I had the honor and privilege of serving for the past 10 years, I worked alongside my friend, State Senator Renee Unterman, to enact one of the Nation’s toughest crackdowns on human trafficking by strengthening protections for the victims of these crimes and by increasing penalties for those who commit them. In fact, last year, we went a step further by requiring businesses to post information on a 24hour, tollfree hotline for victims of human trafficking so that they could call for help. 
established under this law will encourage other States to follow Georgia’s lead. Our utmost priority should be providing to these children, who have suffered at the hands of evil, access to care and support. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I have no further requests for time. I would like to thank the chief sponsor and other supporters of the legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
that causes us to understand that what we are dealing with in this bill is the fact that there are entities that are supposed to be protecting children, that are supposed to be providing resources—law enforcement and welfare and human service entities—that are missing the mark. A lot of that comes from inadequate recordkeeping statistics and from the lack of knowledge of how this is having the greatest impact in negative ways on children’s lives. We would do very well today to follow the advice and direction from speakers who have already spoken on this issue. 
Pass this legislation, and provide further hope for children caught in the trap of human trafficking and enslavement that comes from this crime. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 469. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015. I would like to thank my friend and colleague, Congresswoman KAREN BASS, for introducing this 
bill and for all she does on behalf of foster youth. 
As an original cosponsor of this bill and a 
cochair of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, I encourage all my colleagues to support this important legislation. In the previous Congress, similar legislation passed the 
House by a vote of 399–0—a strong show of 
children in our society. They are often the victims of abuse or neglect; and too many face trials and tribulations beyond their years. So much that we take for granted—a stable home, living with our siblings, or returning to the same school year after year—are constant obstacles for these children. 
link between girls in foster care and sex trafficking, and will require states to develop a child protection plan to identify and assess all reports involving children known or suspected to be victims of trafficking. Additionally, states must provide training plans for child protective services workers to appropriately respond to reports of child trafficking and have procedures in place that will connect child victims to public or private specialized services. 
I am proud to support this bipartisan legislation, and again I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 246) to improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) each 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 246. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
today in support of H.R. 246, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Representatives continues its commitment to bolstering enforcement efforts against human traffickers in the United States and ensuring that we properly identify and serve victims. 
this issue and for introducing H.R. 246, which will improve the ability of law enforcement officials and others to respond to and assist these victims. 
legislation last summer, and as previous House efforts have done, the bills being considered today attempt to change for the better how we view victims. 
as actors in the criminal scheme; however, we now know that, oftentimes, individuals are trapped as victims by human trafficking organizations and, sadly, many of these victims are children. 
will ensure that we view victims of sex trafficking not as participants, but as victims, and ensure that child sex trafficking crimes are reported. 
Under current law, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children operates the CyberTipline to provide online users and electronic service providers a means of reporting Internet related child sexual exploitation in many areas, including child prostitution. 
‘‘child prostitution’’ with ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ in the CyberTipline reporting categories to reinforce that children who are sextrafficked or sexually exploited are victims whose situation should be taken seriously when reported. 
It would also ensure the public recognizes that child prostitution is included in how NCMEC uses the term ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ and thus should still be reported to the CyberTipline. 
Again, I want to thank Congresswoman BEATTY , along with the Education and the Workforce Committee and House leadership for recognizing the need to steadfastly address this dreadful practice. 
colleagues to support H.R. 246, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
246, a bill to improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking. 
would amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act by adding the term ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ to the list of items which may be reported to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’s CyberTipline. Under the act, the center operates 
the CyberTipline to allow online users and electronic service providers a way of reporting Internetrelated child sexual exploitation, including child prostitution. 
The term ‘‘trafficking’’ more accurately describes the circumstances by which children are sexually exploited and reinforces the notion that they are victims, not criminals. Adding trafficking to the list of items that may be reported to the center will not only help the center continue its outstanding work of finding and helping victims, but it will also help experts in the field of missing and exploited children better understand the nature and extent of the problem. 
from Ohio for introducing this important legislation, and I appreciate her partnership with the majority, including the chairman of the full Committee on Education and the Workforce, Chairman KLINE; the gentleman from 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), the sponsor of the legislation. 
today in support of H.R. 246, a bipartisan bill I introduced which will help victims of child sex trafficking by decriminalizing their behavior. 
First, I would like to thank Chairman KLINE from Minnesota and Ranking Member S COTT from Virginia of the 
Education and the Workforce Committee for bringing this important bill to the floor for consideration. 
his kind words and his leadership. He is managing the bill today for the Republicans. I also thank Congresswoman KAREN BASSand Congresswoman A NN 
issue last Congress and who introduced the companion legislation in the Senate. I look forward to working with him again during the 114th Congress to advance this legislation. 
House passed this exact bill unanimously by a vote of 409–0. Today, I hope that my colleagues in the House will again approve this legislation with overwhelming bipartisan support so we can better assist victims of child sex trafficking and ensure they are viewed and treated as victims, not criminals. 
Earlier this month, I had the opportunity to participate in Ohio’s sixth annual Human Trafficking Awareness Day, which was held in my district at the Ohio statehouse. It was standing 
State Representative Teresa Fedor from Toledo, who has spent a lifetime on this issue. There, we heard story after story from victims, survivors, and advocates, just like the ones we heard on the House floor earlier today. 
district in Ohio, I hear from people who are concerned about the victims of child sex trafficking. Constituents implore me to have Congress do more to protect those among us who are the most vulnerable, those who are being forced into what many deem modern day slavery. 
trafficking is one of the fastestgrowing crimes in the world. In fact, according to the U.S. State Department, human trafficking is the world’s second largest criminal enterprise, after the illegal drug trade. Criminals involved in trafficking trade prey on those children already at risk in our society, the children who fall through the cracks in our society. 
children are at risk each year of commercial sexual exploitation. Mr. Speaker, many of these children are runaways, homeless, and in and out of foster care. These children deserve better. 
The average age of a trafficked victim in the United States is 12 years of age. Mr. Speaker, this is shameful. At 12 years old, children should be playing sports, participating in their school science fair, learning new languages, or just being children. They should not be for sale night after night. 
there is an estimated 1,100 Ohio children who become victims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk. Ohio is the fifth leading State for human trafficking because of its proximity to a waterway that leads to an international border and a system of interstate highways that allow an individual to exit the State within 2 hours to almost anywhere. 
The I–75 corridor runs through Toledo, Dayton, and Cincinnati. It is infamous for subjecting children to the horrors of sex trafficking, with reports of victims being repeatedly abused. 
successfully combat trafficking. Preventing, identifying, and serving victims of trafficking requires a multicoordinated approach across all levels of government. We need to encourage all people: when they see something, say something. 
activities of suspected child exploitation? Currently, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children operates a CyberTipline, which receives leads and tips regarding suspected crimes of sexual exploitation committed against children. 
partnership with the FBI, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the United States Postal Inspection Service, United States Secret Service, United 
States Department of Justice, as well as other State and local enforcement agencies. 
These reports are constantly monitored to help ensure children in imminent danger get first priority. More than 2.8 million reports of suspected child exploitation have been made to the CyberTipline between 1998 and October of 2014. 
Under current law, child sex trafficking is not identified as one of the types of sexual exploitation that should be reported to the CyberTipline, even though the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children encounters child victims of sex trafficking and currently uses this term on its Web site in order to encourage the public’s reporting of these types of crimes. 
to improve and update the law in order to reflect the current state of Federal laws and to reinforce that children who are sextrafficked or sexually exploited are victims and not criminals. 
Mr. Speaker, children in sex trafficking situations are often misidentified as ‘‘willing’’ participants. We know there is a widespread lack of awareness and understanding of trafficking. 
heard about Holly, who is a survivor of human trafficking. When Holly was 14 years old, she ran away from home with a man she had met at a shopping mall. Holly and this man exchanged phone numbers. He continued to pursue Holly over the course of many months. 
was not an overnight accomplishment. He got to know her, analyzed her troubles, and asked about her dreams. He did this so that when Holly was on her summer break from the eighth grade, the pressures of her 14yearold world boiled to the surface. 
Holly was feeling, this predator was able to convince her to flee towards what she thought was opportunity, possibility, and freedom. In reality, Holly ran right into the clutches of a sexual trafficking ring. Within hours of running away with what turned out to be 
a manipulative and threatening pimp, she was coerced into prostitution. 
officer on the street thought that she seemed underage, so he approached her and arrested her. She was soon recognized to be a victim and began the long journey toward healing. Today, I am proud to say that Holly is an advocate for stronger antitrafficking laws and greater protection for survivors of all forms of human trafficking. This bill, H.R. 246, is intended to protect young children like Holly, to rescue and restore them. By adding the term ‘‘child sex trafficking, including child prostitution,’’ to the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, we will be able to continue to fight the perception that sex trafficking is a voluntary, victimless crime, and this will exclude them from prostitution. 
have no further speakers at this time, and so I reserve the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 8
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), who has worked on all of 
in strong support of H.R. 246, a bill to improve the response to victims of child trafficking. 
BEATTY , for her commitment to transforming the language that we use to discuss child victims of sex trafficking and for taking the lead on this important legislation. After all, a child cannot consent to sex, so a child cannot be considered a prostitute. And her exploiter should never be called a john; he should be called what he is, a child molester. 
While trafficking advocates and organizations have worked tirelessly over the years to ensure that the framework and language we use to describe child victims of trafficking recognizes that they are, in fact, victims, we still have a long way to go. These children have gone through enough trauma. They do not need to continue to hear language that places the blame on them for a crime that an adult committed. 
operated by organizations throughout the country are critical to ensuring that individuals have a means to report these incidents of human trafficking and child exploitation. 
Under this legislation, reports of domestic minor sex trafficking to the CyberTipline of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children would be classified as ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ and no longer as ‘‘child prostitution.’’ This change would reinforce the fact that the children are victims and not criminals. 
Representative BEATTY ’s bill is another critical building block to transforming the framework and dialogue around child victims of sex trafficking. I look forward to continuing to change the conversation and urge my colleagues in the House to support this important legislation. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
we have no further requests for time. I want to thank all of the sponsors of the legislation for bringing it forward, this and the other two bills that we have also considered. 
the House’s commitment to providing the necessary tools and policies to help reduce child sex trafficking and better serve these victims, and on the recommendations and admonition of my colleagues today, again I would say, these victims in the United States. 
we are doing here. I submit, it is probably the type of work that our constituents are calling us to work across the aisle to accomplish. 
roundtables I have held in my district, law enforcement officials have consistently raised the need to make community members aware of the real and present threat of human trafficking. We must work to not only educate children, but also families and the general public, about the safety risks. 
exploitation among young people are startling. Approximately one out of six runaway youth are likely victims of sex trafficking, and roughly one out of three youth are lured into prostitution, victimization, sextrafficked within 48 hours of running away from home. 
This is happening all over the country and not just in my home State. Therefore, I urge all Members to lead efforts in their districts to continue the conversation about human trafficking to learn what more we can do in our communities and to curtail this heinous crime. 
our communities about human trafficking victims, and it continues our work to ensure that we are doing what we can to help reduce this horrible crime. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU, 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
to Prime Minister Netanyahu to address this body to discuss the Iranian threat and the growing instability in the Middle East due to the rise of global jihadist networks. 
arms race in the region and directly threaten America’s interests as Iran continues to make progress on its intercontinental ballistic missile program. But as grave as this threat is to America, it pales in comparison to the existential threat that it poses to our democratic ally, the Jewish State of Israel. 
with the Iranian threat and the pitfalls of our ongoing nuclear negotiations than Israel, and that is why it is imperative that we hear firsthand from Prime Minister Netanyahu on Israel’s assessment of Iran’s nuclear program and other terrorist threats that are emanating from the Middle East. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, Gandhi once famously said: ‘‘Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.’’ 
plays in Washington State for more than 10 years, first as a Lancer at Lakes High, then as a Husky at the University of Washington, and since 2012 as, of course, a Seattle Seahawk. 
gamewinning catch in the NFC Championship game in the end zone. But that game wasn’t a cakewalk for Jermaine by any means. There were interceptions and there were drops. 
one of Jermaine’s injured teammates said to him to forget about it and to remember that there are still plays to be made here. 
Ever want to give up? Ever think it is 
too hard? Ever think the odds are stacked against you? Remember the will of Jermaine Kearse and the Seattle Seahawks. Tell yourself there are still plays to be made. 
Congratulations, number 15. Lakewood and the entire 10th Congressional District are very, very proud of you and, frankly, we can’t wait to see you fly in Glendale and make the New England Patriots shake and the earth move. Go, Hawks. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address an area of great concern. The Obama administration has just announced their intention to designate more than 12 million acres of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska as wilderness. 
facto moratorium on oil and gas production on the largest onshore, unexplored, and potentially productive areas in the United States. 
8 percent of the total size of ANWR, the Energy Information Administration suggests a great potential for the recovery of oil and gas based upon nearby plays in Canada. 
touts America’s move towards greater energy independence. The irony is that most of that, much of this production has occurred on private lands and by private hands. Placing new prohibitions on Federal lands is simply doublespeak. 
Mr. Speaker, while we may not be focused on energy prices at the moment, planning for the future is as prudent as it is wise. I encourage the administration to think about our future. The American people deserve as much. 
HILL) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a subpoena for documents issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana in connection with a criminal case currently pending before that court. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I will determine whether compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) is recognized 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Missouri? 
today in support of packages of human trafficking legislation to be considered by the House of Representatives this week, 12 different pieces of legislation. I also rise today in support of all the good work done by my colleagues here in Congress on the issue of human trafficking. 
States Ambassador, I was exposed firsthand to the horrors of human trafficking on an international level. I witnessed and reported on devastating consequences of human trafficking, where innocent women and children were dragged into the dark abyss of sex slavery. But never in my wildest dreams did I ever think human trafficking was so rampant right here in the United States of America. Americans are being forced into sexual slavery by ruthless human traffickers. 
young women being forced into prostitution in virtually every district across this Nation. It is hiding in plain sight. In fact, I was shocked to learn that my own hometown of St. Louis, Missouri, has been identified as one of the top 20 areas for sex trafficking in the United States. 
our eyes. It is in our communities, it is in our neighborhoods, and it is in our culdesacs. It is right here before us. Every year, thousands of young Americans’ lives are impacted by this despicable crime. However, there is hope. 
the law enforcement professionals who are on the front lines every day protecting our Nation’s children from those who would seek to exploit them. I take hope from those who work in victims services and their tireless efforts to help survivors recover, heal, and forge new lives out of the horrors of sexual enslavement. Most importantly, Mr. Speaker, I take hope from all the survivors, the survivors of this hideous crime. Their strength gives us strength, their resolve gives us inspiration, and their steadfast commitment to ending sex trafficking gives us all the courage to fight. 
many individuals and groups, I am happy to report that Congress has taken notice of this serious problem. Years of work by Representatives NOEM, P OE, P AULSEN , H ULTGREN , 
REICHERT , SMITH, among many others, have raised awareness of this issue and 
have laid the foundation for the long overdue action Congress is presently taking. I am grateful that many of my colleagues have held events in their home districts to raise awareness and education of this crime. 
at which the private and public sectors came together to share best practices about combating human trafficking. Representatives DAVIS, H UDSON , 
other Members of my colleagues, have all held human trafficking events in their districts to raise awareness and offer solutions to end sexual assault and human trafficking. I applaud these efforts, and I look forward to continuing this work for years to come. 
much work to be done. As legislators, we have an obligation to come together and do something because we can, because we should, and because we must. 
this week in the House of Representatives will provide prosecutors with the tools they need to prosecute traffickers and will provide social service providers with the resources they need to assist victims in healing. These bills will mandate muchneeded awareness and training, and will provide government agencies with the accurate, dependable statistics they need to combat this terrible crime. 
I am so proud of the action this body 
has taken to recognize and address this problem, which has so long festered in the shadows. 
I am equally proud of all my colleagues today who have come to the floor to speak up for the victims of human trafficking, to show them they are not alone, that we are with them, and that we will no longer be silent in the face of such depravity. 
one of my colleagues, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ). He is reintroducing his bill, the Sex Trafficking Demand Reduction Act. The bill urges nations to recognize the link between the purchase of commercial sex and the prevalence of human trafficking in society, and to confront the former in order to effectively combat the latter. The bill targets demand. 
for Members of Congress at which the antitrafficking documentary ‘‘Nefarious’’ was shown. The producers of the film from Exodus Cry attended. 
He is a member of the House leadership Human Trafficking Task Force and the Human Trafficking Caucus, and he has worked with the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission on efforts to help human trafficking victims both in the U.S. and abroad. 
today to join my colleagues in recognition of Human Trafficking Awareness Month and Human Trafficking Awareness Week here in the House of Representatives. 
friend and colleague from Missouri, ANNWAGNER , for hosting tonight’s 
a modern form of slavery. It is a crisis that victimizes 21 million people worldwide. In my home State of Illinois, the National Human Trafficking Resource Center estimates that 25,000 women and girls are exploited each year by sex traffickers. Because of its strategic location as a major transportation and commercial center, Chicago has become a major national hub for human trafficking. 
Human Trafficking Task Force, we are working to coordinate the efforts of the congressional leadership and international antitrafficking groups to punish perpetrators, rescue and bring hope to victims, and assist nations in their fight against the global epidemic of trafficking in human beings. 
the House will bring to the floor this week, I am pleased to see this body take critical steps to target the perpetrators of human trafficking and enhance efforts toward eradicating it. 
Later this week, I will be reintroducing my own bill, the Sex Trafficking Demand Reduction Act. Evidence suggests a clear link between the purchase of commercial sex and the prevalence of sex trafficking in a society. Where there is a robust demand for commercial sex, human trafficking as an industry and practice thrives as well. The Sex Trafficking Demand Reduction Act highlights this link and requires national governments to factor in their efforts to combat demand as part of their overall fight against human trafficking. 
Human trafficking is the most insidious of criminal enterprises. It targets the youngest and most vulnerable in society, stealing their innocence and depriving them of any hope of escaping a downward spiral of depravity and despair. Thankfully, we are all becoming increasingly aware of the extent of human trafficking and the magnitude of the effects on its victims. Through the persistent efforts of international antihuman trafficking groups, national, State, and local governments, the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, and dedicated individuals concerned about the communities in which they live, we have made sustained inroads towards eradicating the scourge of human trafficking. We can envision the day when human trafficking will no longer represent a blight on humanity, a day when victims will experience complete restoration. 
like to draw attention to this bracelet that I have on that many of my colleagues are going to be wearing over 
the next 2 days as we pass 12 pieces of 
human trafficking legislation. This tab bracelet was handmade by dedicated volunteers to raise funds for Crisis Aid International safe homes in my own hometown of St. Louis, Missouri. The safe homes provide comfort and support for young women rescued from the horrors of sex trafficking. 
The bracelet project, which was inspired by an 11yearold victim wanting to make a difference, has become the symbol of hope for these precious young people. 
join me in wearing this bracelet to spread awareness about the scourge of sex slavery. 
Next, it is my pleasure to yield to the 
Ohio to introduce bipartisan, bicameral legislation, the Bringing Missing Children Home Act, to improve law enforcement reporting and response procedures in cases of missing children, the most vulnerable victims of child trafficking and sexual exploitation. 
246, which would improve and update the Missing Children’s Assistance Act in order to reflect the current state of Federal law and reinforce that children who are sextrafficked or sexually exploited are victims and not criminals. 
I am a proud cosponsor of the gentlewoman’s legislation, and it is my pleasure to yield to the gentlelady from Ohio, Representative JOYCE BEATTY . 
WAGNER , for organizing tonight’s Special Order hour but, probably more importantly, a bipartisan Special Order hour. And let me say, I proudly wear this bracelet in honor of all of those survivors. 
I also want to note that her work as 
a former United States Ambassador exposed her firsthand to the horrors of human trafficking on an international level. Her work has raised awareness of this problem and has laid the foundation for congressional action. 
eradicate human trafficking, it still exists and affects communities in every country, including the United States. This transnational crime exploits the weakest and often subjects victims to mental and physical abuse. 
multibilliondollarayear international enterprise that forces the weakest among us into the horrors of modern day slavery. 
crimes in the world. In fact, according to the United States State Department, human trafficking is the world’s secondlargest criminal enterprise, Mr. Speaker, after illegal drug trade. It is forced prostitution, domestic slavery, and forced labor. 
masked so well that it is difficult to recognize. These victims are our housekeepers, our farmworkers brought into the United States by labor brokers who promised a job but enslaved these victims instead. Sex traffickers target the weakest members of our society by using violence or threats or other coercive means to keep victims enslaved. 
Human trafficking deprives individuals of their most basic and unalienable rights—life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That is why we must continue to work to end human trafficking and support the victims by providing resources and assistance during their time of need. 
leading State for human trafficking. In Ohio, an estimated 1,100 Ohio children become victims, with some 3,000 more at risk. In fact, a preliminary report on the scope of the problem in Ohio cited that 13 years of age is the most common age for youth to become victims of child sex trafficking. 
a public servant both in the Ohio Legislature and here, I have heard story after story of heartbreaking personal human trafficking experiences from Ohio. Just 2 weeks ago, my hometown paper, The Columbus Dispatch, reported that a massage spa in central Ohio was serving as a front for organized prostitution, where 18 women who spoke little or no English were forced to work there, eat there, and sleep there. Authorities believe that these women were likely trafficked into the United States to work in a sex trade. 
copy of this article placed into the RECORD . 
dentist’s office and a dessert shop—the women slept each night on massage tables. 
to leave the Amsun Massage Spa, a business that caught the attention of Powell police not long after it opened last fall in a strip mall at 128 E. Olentangy St. 
They slept there. They might not have had a choice, authorities said. 
Local, state and federal investigators announced yesterday that the massage parlor was a front for organized prostitution and was one of four addresses raided in Delaware and Franklin counties as part of Powell’s investigation. A parallel federal investigation resulted in searches of other addresses, although details of those raids were under courtordered seal yesterday. 
who speak little or no English and might have been trafficked to work in the sex trade. Investigators said various agencies have stepped in to provide shelter and other support to the women. 
speak the language, and they’re very untrusting of law enforcement,’’ said Nathan Emery, special agent in charge of the Columbus office of the federal Homeland Security Investigations agency. 
was used by their employers to keep them in line, police said. Authorities are trying to pin down their identities and countries of origin. 
suspected of trafficking women for sex, we are also rescuing those who may be victims of this heinous crime,’’ said Cmdr. Gary Cameron of the Columbus police narcotics bureau. 
Amsun Massage in Powell; Amsun Massage, l000 High St., Worthington; Rainbow Massage, 5564 HilliardRome Rd. on the Far West Side; and a Jasmine Court residence on the Far West Side. 
A man and woman from Columbus were arrested: Xiao Shuang Chao, 56, and Qing Xu, whose age was unknown. Investigators aren’t sure of the couple’s relationship but said they operated the businesses locally. They face organizedcrime charges in Delaware County Common Pleas Court. 
soon after Amsun opened, his department was tipped that women were living there and providing sexrelated services to clients. 
United States by human traffickers and, instead of finding a better life, ‘‘to pay off their debts, they’re put into forced servitude.’’ 
Mrs. BEATTY. Because of the importance of this issue in my State and in our Nation, I engaged during my first term in Congress to pass a sex trafficking bill, 400–9. Last year, as you heard from Congresswoman WAGNER , I 
Ohio to introduce bipartisan, bicameral legislation, the Bringing Missing Children Home Act, H.R. 3905. 
246, which would improve and update the Missing Children’s Assistance Act in order to reflect the current state of Federal law and reinforce that children who are sextrafficked or sexually exploited are victims and not criminals. 
colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, in speaking against and bringing awareness of human trafficking. Our country, our constituents, our children need our help. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and her friendship. Thank you so much, Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY . 
to yield to the gentleman from Texas, Congressman TEDPOE. Judge P OEhas 
been a longstanding advocate for victims of crime. He has dedicated his life to promoting justice and giving voice to survivors and, as a Member of Congress, has been a tireless advocate for legislation that provides a comprehensive approach to address the problem of human trafficking in the United States. Congressman POEhas been a 
friend and a colleague and a kindred spirit to me in the House of Representatives. His championing of victims’ rights has inspired countless survivors of crime to stand up for their rights and demand change. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri for yielding to me. 
this effort to combat human trafficking in the United States, in my opinion, is led by the ladies of the House on both sides, the Republicans and the Democrats. The spunk of my friend from Missouri and all of the others who have spoken and will speak later on these pieces of legislation is obvious. 
are bipartisan bills on one subject. As long as I have been here, I have never seen so much attention by all Members of the House on both sides of the aisle moving and trying to fix a problem as this. 
those passed last year, they just never got voted on in the Senate—and we are bringing them up again. Once again, it is the ladies to whom America owes a great gratitude to. My grandmother used to say that there is nothing more powerful than a woman who has made up her mind. The ladies of the House have made up their mind on the issue of trafficking. They are not going to tolerate it, and neither are the rest of us. 
this tremendous amount of legislation—this important subject—is getting so little play in the national media. It seems that the media and America, I guess, is more concerned about the disappearance of air in footballs than they are about the disappearance of America’s children that are being trafficked across the United States. 
among our youth is the slavery that is happening to them. The runaways, the throwaways, and the stowaways of America’s children are disappearing into this scourge of slavery, as it has been rightfully called. 
Many of us remember how we got involved in trying to prevent this. My first experience was meeting a little girl in Peru at the age of 7 whose name is Lilly. Lilly could not speak because of the numerous assaults that had been committed against her before she was rescued. It is not just kids in South America or Central America or overseas; it is America’s children that are being trafficked. 
young girls, primarily, that are on the streets and that are being sold and bartered by these slave masters are not criminals. These are not prostitutes. These are victims of crimes. America needs to change its focus and its understanding that when we see that occurring, that person is a victim, not a criminal. 
this is one of the leading ways that criminal organizations are making 
money because, in the drug trade, you get drugs and you sell them one time; plus the risk of apprehension is greater for drug sales than with the selling of kids. Children can be sold multiples times a night, and they are. 
often, nothing happens, so that is why this lucrative trade continues to make money, but it also continues to make money because there is a demand in this country for this scourge. 
children are criminals. They are sex offenders. They are child molesters. Some call them johns. They are not johns. John was a good guy. He is in the Bible. Why would we call them that? 
need to recognize them for what they are. We need to know who they are. Their names need to be published, and they need to go to jail for what they do because we have to go after the demand. 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act along with my friend CAROLYN MALONEY from New York. C AROLYN MALONEY—a New York Democrat and a 
Texas conservative Republican, that is just about as bipartisan as you can get, Mr. Speaker. We are separated by a common language, to coin the phrase; but on this issue, like most Members of the House, we are united that we are going to stop this. 
after the trafficker, the slave master. It helps law enforcement capture them and put them in jail. That is why we build prisons. Then it goes after the victim—the child—rescues them, restores them, and finds a place for them. 
the United States, according to the Humane Society, there are about 3,000 animal shelters? We need them all. I have got three Dalmatians. I got one of them from a shelter in Dallas. I call him the weapon of mass destruction. We need those shelters. 
Shared Hope International, there are only about 300 beds for minor sextrafficked victims in the United States? That ought not to be. They need more places to go when the police rescue them. 
when they find these children, they know they are sextrafficked victims, but there is no place to put them, so they put them in the juvenile justice system. That is not a good idea, but 
that is the only place they are safe. We need to find residences and homes for them. That is what this bill does. 
after the demand, the person in the middle, the customer that abuses children, the rapist. We are going after those guys, Mr. Speaker. The days of ‘‘boys being boys’’ is over. Those people are going to be arrested and prosecuted for the crimes that they have committed. Mr. Speaker, I insert into the RECORD  
some of the numerous antitrafficking organizations that have helped all of us in this legislation. 
Girls, Shared Hope International, End Child Prostitution and Trafficking—USA, National Children’s Alliance, National Association to Protect Children, National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Equality Now, Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, Fraternal of Police, National Association of Police Organizations, National Conference of State Legislatures, National Criminal Justice Association, National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. 
these groups the victims’ posse that helps us in this issue. 
Speaker, is I used to prosecute criminals. I was a judge in criminal court for 22 years. Sexual assault is what it is called now, but the crime really is rape. It is rape of America’s greatest resource: children. 
sometimes: Why are we even here? Well, I can tell you why we are here. We are here to make sure that all Americans, including American children and those immigrants that have been sold into the United States, are protected from crimes like rape. 
sale. I am glad to see that the House is making sure that they will not be for sale in the future. I thank the gentlelady for the time. 
And that is just the way it is. Mrs. WAGNER. Thank you, Judge 
this area and so many others dealing with victims’ rights. 
the gentlewoman from New Hampshire, Representative ANN KUSTER . Representative K USTER has been a strong 
proponent of human and women’s rights, advocating for a number of bills that support fighting sexual assault and human trafficking, including her bipartisan legislation to improve whistleblower protections which was passed into law last year to protect military members who report instances of sexual abuse. 
KUSTER and I joined together in coauthoring a letter condemning the kidnapping of nearly 300 girls by the terrorist group Boko Haram and calling on the United States Government to work with the United Nations to enact more comprehensive financial sanctions against the organization. 
area, and it is my pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire, Representative ANNKUSTER . 
and to my dear colleague, A NNWAGNER, and to all of my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle for tackling this issue. 
to strengthen protections for victims of sex trafficking, and Judge POEhas 
done a great job setting the stage here for the child who is the victim of sex trafficking. 
I think we all need to work on our 
language and our understanding. He is absolutely correct. I look forward to passing more of these reforms tomorrow and to continuing our bipartisan work together. 
today’s world, human trafficking remains such a serious problem both here at home and abroad. Throughout the world, thousands of women and underage children are being trafficked and forced to commit sexual acts against their will. 
rape, that is what we are talking about. It is sickening that individuals advertise and promote this heinous practice in order to make a quick profit. Representative WAGNER ’s legislation, the SAVE Act, which I helped to cointroduce, would penalize individuals who knowingly host and sell advertisements for the commercial exploitation of minors and trafficking victims. 
stated, I was very proud to reach across the aisle and join Representative WAGNER to lead all House women—every 
single House woman Member, Republican and Democrat—in urging the Obama administration to push the United Nations Security Council to add Boko Haram to the AlQaida Sanctions List, following the abduction of nearly 300 schoolgirls threatened to be sold into sexual slavery by this terrorist group. 
Nigerian school students captured the world’s shock and horror; however, human trafficking is not just a foreign issue. Together, we can be a powerful bipartisan voice against the horrors of this and other instances of human trafficking. 
the House understand the importance of working together to protect women and girls, and they know that trafficking isn’t just a political issue, it is a human issue. 
topic back home in New Hampshire where I have heard from community leaders, law enforcement officials, academic researchers, advocates, and— most importantly and, frankly, most eloquently—the trafficking victims themselves about the ongoing occurrence of human and sex trafficking taking place right here in our own backyard. 
serious problem in the United States, with an estimated 293,000 American youth at risk of commercial sex trafficking and exploitation. 
bills to help law enforcement rescue domestic victims, track down their exploiters, provide additional tools for prosecutors to treat trafficked minors 
as victims instead of criminals, and ensure access to protective services. Again, I commend Judge POEfor his eloquent description. 
bringing to a vote these bipartisan bills to prevent trafficking and provide support to victims. As a mother, I honestly cannot even imagine the anguish and the pain that these families go through as they fight to bring their loved ones back home. 
and, moving forward, that we do everything together to support States’ and countries’ efforts to eliminate human trafficking. 
and to all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for organizing this worthy effort. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gentlewoman from New Hampshire for her leadership and her friendship on so many matters that we come together. 
introduce the gentlewoman from Tennessee, Representative DIANE BLACK . 
She was an original cosponsor of my SAVE Act that we will be introducing tomorrow and that I will have the pleasure to talk about on the floor during debate tomorrow. 
district with law enforcement and community leaders on the impact of human trafficking in her home State of Tennessee, and she has worked with End Slavery Tennessee to see firsthand their efforts to combat trafficking in 
She is a leader among us for all victims, all those who have no voice. She is a friend and a dear colleague. It is my pleasure to yield to the representative from Tennessee, Congresswoman DIANE BLACK . 
and my good friend from Missouri for yielding to me, and I also thank her for all her tireless hours of work in not only bringing up this issue so that we will be more aware, but also in finding solutions so that we can help those that are victims. 
that is made by the survivors, and I thank her for her endless and tireless work on behalf of these young women— young women and men—who have become victims. 
the issue of human trafficking is far removed from their daily lives, something that is relegated to foreign countries and maybe history books, but the truth is human sex trafficking is the third largest criminal enterprise in the world, with an estimated 300,000 young Americans at risk of becoming victims. 
According to the Department of Justice, those most likely to fall prey to this heartbreaking crime are 12to 14 yearold girls. These young women are someone’s daughters, and we cannot turn a blind eye to their plight. 
visit End Slavery Tennessee, a nonprofit that works tirelessly to confront 
trafficking in my State. Their mission is taken from the Book of Isaiah, ‘‘to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim freedom for the captives, and release from darkness for the prisoners.’’ 
This week, the House will take meaningful steps to fulfill this vision by taking up a series of bipartisan bills addressing the impact of trafficking. This includes the SAVE Act, sponsored by my good friend from Missouri, legislation that I cosponsored to go after the online advertisers who profit off of the sale of these innocent victims. 
Mr. Speaker, no single act of Congress will stop all acts of trafficking, or even bring justice for every victim whose innocence has been stolen by this evil activity, but we cannot let our inability to do everything stop us from doing something. 
the gentlewoman for her leadership on this issue and so many others. 
It is now my pleasure to yield to a 
brandnew freshman Member, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). Combating human trafficking is a priority for Congressman WALKER , and this is his very first bill 
introduced here in Washington, the Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015. It aims to help end this unconscionable industry. North Carolina is ranked as a top State for labor and sex trafficking, and this vital legislation 
works to effectively train and inform Department of Homeland Security personnel to better detect and intersect human traffickers and their victims. 
in organizing this Special Order, and I also thank Representative MARKMEADOWSin allowing us to lead with such an 
It was only a week ago that we celebrated the life of Martin Luther King, Jr., who famously said: ‘‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ 
upon one of the greatest injustices of our time—the growing criminal industry of human trafficking. 
men, women, children, and even entire families, are being victimized and exploited in unspeakable ways. These precious human beings are seen by their traffickers as a commodity, valued only for the profit they can turn. We must not remain silent about such depravity. Rather, we must engage with immediate fervor on this significant humanitarian crisis. 
Victims of human trafficking can literally be hidden in plain sight. However, we know that the United States is considered a leading destination for human traffickers. It is a top source of income for organized crime and involves more than half the street gangs in our Nation. From our big cities to our small towns, this billiondollar industry is here. And unless we move 
Law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and nonprofit groups such as Alamance for Freedom in my own Sixth Congressional District of North Carolina are on the front lines of this battle, and they are pleading for our help. Here in Congress, we hear your voices. Most importantly, we hear the voices of those trapped in this evil, modernday slavery. 
There is an immediate need for training that will enable officers and agents to identify and rescue victims of human trafficking. 
H.R. 460, the Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015. This bipartisan legislation works to effectively train and inform the Department of Homeland Security personnel to better detect and intercept human traffickers and their victims. 
promising to protect the people of this great country. I am convinced that part of this high calling is to protect those who are victims of human trafficking. Our President even says that the fight against human trafficking is one of the greatest human rights causes of our time, and the United States will continue to lead it. Well, now is the time to lead. 
This bill will provide the very necessary training skills in identifying victims of human trafficking as they enter and move about across this country. It is not a final step, but an important one that can immediately save these precious individuals from years of abuse. Let us do so with boldness, courage, and an unflinching dedication to those who need us the most. 
WALKER for his leadership, and congratulations on your first piece of legislation—it is so very important—that you will be bringing forward tomorrow. 
for me to cosponsor with the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) this Special Order on human 
trafficking. I look forward tomorrow to a number of bills that are going to pass in this United States House of Representatives. I look forward to speaking tomorrow on the SAVE Act that will go after advertisers of this hideous and heinous crime. 
yield back the remainder of my time so the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) may speak. She has been a 
friend and a partner on the issue of human trafficking since her time in Congress. She has been a real partner to me as we moved this legislation forward. We were able to move, as I said, five pieces of legislation last Congress and will be moving 12 tomorrow with her leadership and support on this very, very important issue. She has a wonderful piece of legislation, H.R. 350, the Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015. I am a proud cosponsor and look forward to its passage tomorrow. 
condemn the horrific tragedy of human trafficking. Globally, there are 20.9 million people who have been trafficked. Not one U.S. State has been spared—sadly men, women and children in every state have been victimized. This is not just a global problem, it is an American problem and it is right here in our own backyards. 
working in Washington State for the King County Sheriffs Office. All too often, I spoke to young girls on the street one day, urging them to get off the streets, and the next they had disappeared. This was allowed to happen for far too long, because for many of us, these girls and even many boys are invisible. We do not want to see the problem and so we too often choose to look the other way and pretend it isn’t real—not in our communities. 
We have to make the problem—and the solutions—visible. Last year, I introduced and passed legislation which became law that helped—will help—prevent the sex trafficking of youth in foster care. The children in federal and state care are often the most vulnerable to becoming trafficking victims. According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited children, as many as 6 in 10 of the young women forced into selling their bodies on the streets are current or former foster children. I was honored to have been able to lead the efforts to change that reality last Congress. I stand today to join my colleagues in continuing to raise awareness and pledge my commitment to keeping up the fight on behalf of our children and working to enact additional legislation to end human trafficking. 
This week, we will vote on legislation sponsored by Congresswomen WAGNER , ELLMERS  
and P OEand many others which will go a long 
ways towards preventing the trafficking of countless men, women, boys and girls. This is a fight we must all be in together. We must all join with our colleagues, with law enforcement, and with those who are dedicated to ending human trafficking across the globe to say ‘‘no more’’. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) will control 
the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. 
trafficking is a real problem, and it is happening right here in America. It is not just happening overseas. And whether you live in a State like mine of South Dakota or in New York City, it is impacting every single State in our country, right in our backyards. 
The first step to recovery is admitting you have a problem, and boy, do we have a problem. I am thrilled that we have so many Members here to speak on this important issue, not only the problems we are having, but what we are doing this week to address those here in this country, to give as many tools to our law enforcement officers to 
make sure that we address the problems we are seeing on our streets every single day and protect as many children and victims as possible. 
I would like to yield now to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). He 
has been extremely active in the fight to end human trafficking through legislation on Capitol Hill as well as through community engagement at his home in Florida. In his district, Congressman YOHO has brought together 
representatives from Homeland Security, from local police and sheriff’s offices, and State’s attorneys for roundtable summits to raise awareness and develop best practices for ending human trafficking in Florida. 
distinguished colleague from the great State of South Dakota. 
coalition that is united in the global fight against human trafficking. The numbers are overwhelming. We have all heard the estimates of over 22 million people being trafficked worldwide; sometimes, though, they seem far away. People often say: That kind of stuff doesn’t happen here. It happens overseas. It doesn’t happen right here. 
our own backyards. There is an estimate of over 1 million teenagers running away every year in the United States. Runaways are most at risk and vulnerable to trafficking. In fact, runaways are typically picked up and pimped out or trafficked within the first 48 hours. 
Just 5 days ago in my home State of 
Florida, a 15yearold girl was discovered by police in a motel being sexually abused and trafficked several times a day. Her parents had been handing out missing child flyers in the neighborhood. Luckily, someone recognized her picture from an online ad and contacted authorities. That young girl went from being a runaway to a trafficking victim in less than a month. 
have been anybody’s child. It could have been yours or mine. However, it is not just runaways that become victims of trafficking. Traffickers don’t discriminate based on economic class, race, gender, or age. Traffickers are motivated by profit, solely profit. 
is roughly $90. Human trafficking is a $30plus billion industry, and it is the second largest source of revenue for terrorists around the world. As the world’s fastest growing criminal enterprise, it is shocking how little people know about this horrendous practice. Furthermore, it is appalling how little is put forward in effort to stop it. 
This week, the House of Representatives will pass a series of bills designed to streamline law enforcement resources, toughen penalties for offenders, and provide resources to victims. I commend the sponsors of these bills as well as all Members up here today who are willing to stand up and say enough 
Republican or Democrat issue. Taking a stand against trafficking is something we all must do, remembering that, while January is National Human Trafficking Awareness Month, we must all be vigilant and active in our fight. 
and my neighborhood are not immune. No city is exempt, and these victims are part of our daily lives, quietly suffering with almost nowhere to turn. We cannot in good conscience continue our daily routines without making every effort to stamp out the practice of forced labor, domestic servitude, and sex trafficking. 
the Department of Homeland Security’s Web site and watch the Blue Campaign video to become familiar with the common signs of human trafficking. Let’s all work to stomp out this scourge of activity on humanity. 
for being involved in the issue and working so hard to protect as many victims as possible across the country. 
human trafficking summit in Columbia, which was one of her most successful events that she did all year. Additionally, she held a foster care listening session with Congresswoman BASS 
where they also listened to concerns regarding foster youth and how human trafficking does impact our children who are involved in foster care. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Representative NOEM’s leadership on this and the opportunity to share tonight how horrific this crime is and how we must unite and stand together to put an end to it. 
With almost 21 million victims globally and more than 293,000 American youth at risk of sexual commercial exploitation and trafficking each year, this heinous crime must be stopped. This week, I am proud to work with my colleagues to vote on legislation that will take steps to do just that. 
story of an amazing woman in my district that I had the privilege of meeting last year. Misty, a survivor of human trafficking, was first trafficked at the age of 14, and it would be 16 more years before she would finally escape a world in which she was brutally beaten and tortured regularly to keep her submissive. When she was severely injured 5 years ago, she thought she was going to die and was too tired to go on anymore. It was then that she agreed to go with a kind police officer who found her that day to get some help. 
There aren’t words to adequately describe the strength and courage of this woman who testified against her trafficker; who, thankfully, because of Misty’s testimony this fall, was found guilty of all charges. Despite the horrific conditions Misty had to endure, she willingly shares her story with others and says her experience motivates 
her to help others who have been in similar situations. It is women like Misty who inspire me to fight against this scourge in our society. It is a crime against humanity, and it must be stopped. 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the gentlewoman for being involved in the issue and for telling the stories that so many of us need to hear. It is when you hear these stories that truly your heart is impacted to where you can’t let it go, where you start to work day in and day out to do all that you can to make sure that we have the tools necessary to stop this industry. 
New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), who is a longtime advocate for human rights and for the alleviation of human suffering. He is the sponsor of International Megan’s Law, which cracks down on the practice of sex tourism. He is also sponsor of the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act, which will make sure that our government gives human trafficking the top priority it deserves in our diplomacy with other countries. 
leadership that she has demonstrated, along with Congresswoman WAGNER . 
As Judge P OEsaid, women of our caucus have stood up and are leading the fight to combat human trafficking with a zero tolerance policy. 
as we seek to pass 12 bills to fight human trafficking. As the prime author of the landmark Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 as well as reauthorizations of that law in 2003 and 2005, I believe the bills under consideration by the House today and tomorrow will further prevent horrific crimes of human trafficking, protect and assist victims, and aid the prosecution of those who exploit and abuse. 
leadership, especially Conference Chair CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS and Majority Leader K EVIN MCCARTHY , who have 
made this a priority for the House. Hopefully, it will be extended to the Senate, and the President will follow that lead. 
When I first introduced TVPA, Trafficking Victims Protection Act, in 1998, the legislation was met with a wall of skepticism and opposition. People both inside of government and out thought the bold new legislation that included sheltering, asylum, and other protections for the victims, long jail sentences and asset confiscation for the traffickers, and tough sanctions for governments that failed to meet minimum standards was merely a solution in search of a problem. 
time, the term ‘‘trafficking’’ applied almost exclusively to illicit drugs or weapons. Reports of vulnerable persons, especially women and children, 
being reduced to commodities for sale were often met with surprise and credulity or indifference. It took 2 years and numerous congressional hearings to overcome opponents and muster the votes for passage. 
Now, according to the ILO, approximately 21 million people are victimized. Some put the number as high as 36 million subjected to modernday slavery. The ILO also says that traffickers make profits in excess of $150 billion a year. 
We do have a tier system. We have a 
trafficking office, an Ambassador at Large; we have a robust effort on the State level. Many States have passed laws that mirror what we have done on the Federal level, so that there are more tools in the tool box to put these traffickers behind bars and to liberate the women and children. 
progress on a number of antitrafficking fronts, including laws, over 300 laws around the world to combat trafficking; and an estimated 125,000 victims have been rescued worldwide. 
had federally funded some 42 anti human trafficking task forces and 85,000 law enforcement officers have been trained; still, there are still far too little prosecutions and far too few liberations of those who have been trafficked. 
that there are at least 100,000 American children, mostly runaways. The average age of initial enslavement is 13 years old. Let me say that again: 13 yearold girls are exploited in the commercial sex industry each year. 
unnecessarily charged for prostitution, fined or put in juvenile detention, when there are other options available. They need to be protected, not prosecuted. 
Again, I want to thank our leadership for making this such a high priority. This is modernday slavery. I thank my good friend and colleague for her leadership. We have got to end modernday slavery. 
for his continued leadership on this issue. For years, he has invested time and effort and heart and soul into protecting as many victims as possible, and for that, we will always be grateful. 
I want to yield to the good Representative from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN). Representative P AULSEN has been 
a longtime defender of the victims of human trafficking. In fact, in 2006, when he was a member of the Minnesota Legislature, he was the author of legislation that would form the first statewide human trafficking task force. 
That task force was the first step toward Minnesota’s safe harbor law. The legislation that he will have here on the floor this week is modeled after that on a Federal level, and I certainly appreciate his time and investment in 
the gentlelady for yielding, and I want to thank her for her leadership, along with Representative WAGNER , in coordinating and drawing attention to what this horrific crime truly is, spending a little bit of time on the House floor. 
When you hear the words ‘‘sex trafficking’’ and ‘‘human trafficking,’’ a lot of people just think this is something that happens in faraway countries, that it doesn’t happen in the United States. It is very sad to say that it is happening right here in our own backyards, knowing that these traffickers are exploiting young girls for their own financial gain, right in our own communities. 
yearold young girls. It is pretty hard to imagine, but it is true. It is happening in our cities. It is happening in our suburbs. It is happening in rural towns. I will say I realize how critical it is now to educate our community about what I have learned from actually speaking and talking with some of these victims. 
Deyanna is age 13. She tells the story about how, within days of meeting this socalled boyfriend, she finds herself in Philadelphia, in Chicago, being trafficked and has the wherewithal to escape with her life. 
young girl who was violently raped and murdered this last February. The only good news I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, is that the Twin Cities, which is home now to Minneapolis, being number 13 in the level of sex trafficking, human trafficking that occurs, is also home to many leaders now in the fight against human trafficking. 
Over the last 2 years, I have met with 
great leaders that are inspiring the community to make a difference and pass model legislation that is now being replicated across the country. 
Free. I think of Grant Snyder who is a Minneapolis police sergeant who was the very first officer in Minneapolis that was dedicated to working with trafficking victims; and now, he leads his department in teaching local law enforcement, both in Minnesota and in other States around the country, about how to build trust and better relationships with atrisk youth. 
We have also got our county attorneys like John Choi, who has been leading the fight, getting top convictions now for a lot of these abusers. 
topnotch as well, with Catholic Charities, Brittany’s Place, the Harriet Tubman Center, and the Family Partnership all making a difference. 
that such a large and passionate group of people now are working together to put an end to this modernday slavery, so the message is spreading. I will tell you this: we need more safe 
harbor laws. We need them. Minnesota became the fifth State in the country to approve safe harbor legislation. That means we are essentially treating these children as victims, giving them the services they need and not treating them as criminals. That is really critical. 
into effect in Minnesota, guess what? We started arresting more johns than ever before. Trafficking convictions more than doubled. It is time that we bring what is working in Minnesota to the national level as well. 
voting on this legislation to have this safe harbor legislation that I have authored pass with bipartisan support. A number of other legislation will pass with bipartisan support. 
knows, is this is about saving lives, and we are going to make a difference. 
gentleman for his work on establishing safe harbor laws. Truly, what they do is that they make sure the victims are not prosecuted, that they are treated like the victims that they truly are. 
It is so important that we get his bill 
passed tomorrow, along with my bill and the other bills that will be coming to the floor. A lot of time and effort has been put into these to make sure that they are right, that they give the tools to our law enforcement officers to 
make sure that this industry is ended as soon as possible. 
I now would like to turn to the gentleman from Minnesota, Representative EMMER . He is from Minnesota’s 
Sixth Congressional District and is a member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations; and the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere. 
closely with the committee to oversee Federal agencies, international organizations, and NGOs to discuss and to improve governmental responses to human trafficking. 
With that, I yield to the Representative from Minnesota. 
thank my colleagues, Congresswoman KRISTI NOEM and Congresswoman A NN 
Nearly a year ago, Boko Haram terrorists in Nigeria kidnapped more than 200 teenage girls with the intent of selling them off into slavery. This crime against humanity sparked international outrage, but a distracted world soon turned their attention and their backs on these young women. 
Unfortunately, this was not an isolated tragedy in some faraway nation. We are in the midst of a global crisis. On every continent and in every nation, millions of human beings are sold and enslaved, forced into labor and prostitution against their will. In the United States alone, hundreds 
of thousands are trafficked by transnational drug cartels and criminal organizations. The Justice Department estimates there are more than 200,000 children across the U.S. at risk of trafficking. 
year enterprise, with thousands trafficked annually. This is not just an American problem, but there is work that we can do at home to combat this growing problem. 
its power and authority to ensure that resources and judicial tools are being used to improve prosecutions, protect victims, and prevent future trafficking. Thankfully, we are not starting with nothing. 
through safe harbor laws that have been instituted across the country, including my home State of Minnesota. I would like to thank my colleague, Senator AMYKLOBUCHAR , for her leadership on protecting victims and assisting prosecutors by forwarding safe harbor laws at the national level. 
countless others—including especially my colleagues JOHN KLINE and E RIC 
PAULSEN —comes from an ongoing effort from everyday Minnesotans looking to make an impact and rescue young men and women trapped in the sex trade. 
organizations that provide services to victims of trafficking that are both life altering and lifesaving. 
In my district, three such organizations stand out. Breaking Free and Heartland Girls’ Ranch help women escape sexual exploitation through housing, mental health support, and education. The Link, in Carver County, provides support programs to youth and families to combat homelessness 
and works with atrisk children to help them reach their full potential. 
the fight against trafficking. They make a real difference, and their efforts should be celebrated. 
tomorrow to streamline agency processes and responses, improve the effectiveness of grant awards, and expand the scope of outreach and child protection initiatives. 
of human trafficking persists. The words spoken tonight and the votes cast in this Chamber tomorrow cannot merely be symbolic gestures. They must be followed by action and constant vigilance. Our children deserve nothing less. 
gentleman for his words and for his actions and the actions that we will be taking here on the House floor this week. 
She has been a leader in the fight against human trafficking in the Commonwealth of Virginia and now here on 
the House floor. I yield to the Representative from Virginia. 
pleased to join my colleagues for this opportunity to recognize this month as National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month, and I thank my colleagues Congresswomen ANN 
WAGNER and K RISTI NOEM for organizing this effort. 
I really appreciate how we are working together to raise awareness about this terrible crime that is happening in my district in northern Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley, throughout Virginia, and throughout—unfortunately—our country. This growing criminal enterprise we know knows no boundaries. 
Mr. Speaker, the Fairfax County Police Department in my district has established the northern Virginia Human Trafficking Task Force to crack down on this scourge. In the past 12 months alone, just to give you an idea of this crime that is in the local area, the task force has had 156 leads, 109 victim recoveries, 267 victims identified, and 73 suspects. 
crime in Virginia, we clearly have more work to do on every level: the local level, State level, and national level. 
Four years ago, Virginia, for example, was at the bottom of the Polaris Project antihuman trafficking State rankings. Now, we are at the top because we passed many of the kind of bills that we are going to be able to pass here tomorrow and additional bills that are going to be here tomorrow. 
I am very honored to be able to join 
all of my colleagues and with our faith based organizations and our law enforcement officials and to be able to continue this work now on a national level and to be able to vote for these important bills that we will be addressing tomorrow. 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the gentlewoman for her remarks. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 351, LNG PERMITTING CERTAINTY AND TRANSPARENCY ACT 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–5) on the resolution (H. Res. 48) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 351) to provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am so pleased to come to the floor at the end of the Special Order hour that Mrs. NOEMand Mrs. W AGNER have organized to join my colleagues in talking about the bills that are before us. 
affects every single county and community across this country—every single one. In my State of Tennessee and in the greater Nashville area, we have a wonderful organization, End Slavery Tennessee, that is doing great work to reach out, to minister, and to help. 
I am so pleased that this week we are 
going to take the time to bring to the floor legislation that will be of help in training our medical personnel, that will also empower and encourage our law enforcement organizations and our faithbased and notforprofit organizations. 
This is a tragedy, modernday slavery, that is taking place, the sex trafficking and the human trafficking, and I am so pleased that Congress is standing together to do something about it. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I am honored today to be able to stand here in support of H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act. This is one of many pieces of legislation this week that we are going to be doing in the Congress, and I am so grateful to all of the people who have been involved in this critically important issue. I would especially mention the cochair of the Congressional Foster Youth Caucus, KAREN  
a society is measured by how it treats those in the dawn of life, those in the shadows of life, and those in the twilight of life. This is such a critical issue to protect the 400,000 children in America who find themselves in foster care and vulnerable to being preyed upon by traffickers who know all too well how to exploit a child’s hunger for love, acceptance, and a sense of belonging. 
to treat child victims of trafficking like victims instead of treating them like criminals. 
all that our first job here is to protect those who cannot protect themselves. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to able to stand 
here today in support of H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act. I commend my colleague Representative KAREN BASS, the founder of the 
Cochair of the Congressional Foster Youth Caucus, for introducing this groundbreaking legislation and for continuing to devote herself tirelessly to making a better future for these abused and neglected children. Hubert Humphrey said a society is measured by how it treats those in the dawn of life, those in the shadows of life, and those in the twilight of life. Mr. Speaker, this is so applicable to our nation’s foster youth. Right now over 400,000 children in America find themselves in foster care for no fault of their o w n ....  And it is that trauma of abuse or 
neglect, that brought them into foster care in the first place, on top of being in unfamiliar circumstances, that makes them exponentially more vulnerable to be preyed upon by traffickers, who know all too well how to exploit a child’s hunger for love, acceptance, and a sense of belonging. 
For too long, and far too often, victims of 
trafficking have been allowed to fall through the cracks in the system. We have not put structures in place to treat child victims of trafficking like victims, and not treat them like criminals. 
where law enforcement and child protection workers need to be better equipped in order to best protect children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking. It also requires the submission of annual reports on the number of child victims of sex trafficking, and the reporting of that data to Congress so that we can better assess how to prevent child sex trafficking, and remove barriers that keep us from truly serving those that have become victims, and most of all, to protect the hundreds of thousands of vulnerable children to keep them from ever having to endure the evil of sex trafficking. 
I am grateful for my colleague Representative BASS’s leadership on this issue, and to 
House Leadership for recognizing the priority that must be placed upon protecting some of our nation’s most vulnerable children. And I pray we will continue to work and stand together for the right of every child to be safe, protected, cherished, and loved. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. Speaker, although slavery was abolished 150 years ago, today, modern slavery still exists in the form of human trafficking. 
of force, fraud, or coercion to control other people for the purpose of forced labor or sexual exploitation. According to the FBI, sex trafficking is the fastestgrowing business of organized crime in the world. 
human trafficking exist in our world today, and hundreds of thousands of those victims are here in the United States. 
criminal activity. In fact, within my congressional district in Orange County, there have been over 350 cases of human trafficking since 2004. 
by false promises of lucrative jobs, a loving relationship, or new opportunities and are usually between the ages of 12 to 14 when they first become victims of sex trafficking. 
can all agree on, it is this: we must put an end to human trafficking and bring those responsible to justice. 
work to stop human trafficking both in our communities at home and abroad. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of mandatory military duty. 
include excerpts from the Rules of the House relevant to the operation of the Committee. Appendix B will include relevant excerpts from the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In the interests of minimizing printing costs, Appendices A and B are omitted from this submission. 
Rules of the House shall govern the procedure of the Committee and its subcommittees, and the Rules of the Committee on Agriculture so far as applicable shall be interpreted in accordance with the Rules of the House, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, are non debatable privileged motions in the Committee and its subcommittees. (See Appendix A for the applicable Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives.) 
Rule XI, each Subcommittee is part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and its Rules so far as applicable. (See also Committee Rules III, W, V, VI, VII, VIII and XI, infra.) 
Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. 
radio, and still photography in accordance with clause 4 of House Rule XI (See Appendix A). When such radio coverage is conducted in the Committee or Subcommittee, written notice to that effect shall be placed on the desk of each Member. The Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee, shall not limit the number of television or still cameras permitted in a hearing or meeting room to fewer than two representatives from each medium (except for legitimate space or safety considerations, in which case pool coverage shall be authorized). 
to the presence of a quorum, each meeting or hearing of the Committee and its subcommittees shall begin promptly at the time so stipulated in the public announcement of the meeting or hearing. 
by any Member of the Committee or Subcommittee with respect to any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. 
person other than the Committee or Subcommittee Members and Committee or Subcommittee staff may be seated in the rostrum area during a meeting of the Committee or Subcommittee unless by unanimous consent of Committee or Subcommittee. 
for the previous question, the underlying proposition on which proceedings were postponed shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
In Advance of Business Meetings.—The Committee and Subcommittee Chairman may request and Committee and Subcommittee Members should, insofar as practicable, cooperate in providing copies of proposed amendments or motions to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or the Subcommittee twenty four hours before a Committee or Subcommittee business meeting. 
against the hearing or meeting procedures of the Committee or Subcommittee shall be entertained unless it is made in a timely fashion. 
The Committee or subcommittees may not sit during a joint session of the House and Senate or during a recess when a joint meeting of the House and Senate is in progress. 
Use of wireless phones during a Committee or Subcommittee hearing or meeting is prohibited. 
Members of the Committee or a Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for taking any action, other than as noted in 
Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for: 
Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
transcripts, a substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, grammatical and typographical corrections authorized by the person making the remarks involved, and 
of all Committee and Subcommittee action and a record of all votes on any question and a tally on all record votes. 
The result of each such record vote shall be 
made available by the Committee for inspection by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee and by telephone request and also made publicly available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote. Not later than 24 hours after adoption of an amendment to a measure or matter, the chair of the Committee shall cause the text of such amendment adopted thereto to be made publicly available in electronic form. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order or other proposition and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of those Members present but not voting. 
Any public witness, or person authorized by such witness, during Committee office hours in the Committee offices and within 10 calendar days of the close of hearings, may obtain a transcript copy of that public witness’s testimony and make such technical, grammatical and typographical corrections as authorized by the person making the remarks involved as will not alter the nature of testimony given. There shall be prompt return of such corrected copy of the transcript to the Committee. Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall receive copies of transcripts for their prompt review and correction and prompt return to the Committee. The Committee or Subcommittee may order the printing of a hearing record without the corrections of any Member or witness if it determines that such Member or witness has been afforded a reasonable time in which to make such corrections and further delay would seriously impede the consideration of the legislative action that is subject of the hearing. The record of a hearing shall be closed 10 calendar days after the last oral testimony, unless the Committee or Subcommittee determines otherwise. Any person requesting to file a statement for the record of a hearing must so request before the hearing concludes and must file the statement before the 
record is closed unless the Committee or Subcommittee determines otherwise. The Committee or Subcommittee may reject any statement in light of its length or its tendency to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person. 
and Subcommittee records (including hearings data, charts, and files) shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the Members serving as Chairman and such records shall be the property of the House and all Members of the House shall have access thereto. The Majority Staff Director shall promptly notify the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of any request for access to such records. 
Proceedings.—A stenographic record of a business meeting of the Committee or Subcommittee may be kept and thereafter may be published if the Chairman of the Committee, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, determines there is need for such a record. The proceedings of the Committee or Subcommittee in a closed meeting, evidence or testimony in such meeting, shall not be divulged unless otherwise determined by a majority of the Committee or Subcommittee. 
Publications.—To the maximum extent feasible, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form. 
For the purpose of carrying out any of its 
function and duties under House Rules X and XI, the Committee and each of its subcommittees is authorized to sit and act at such times and places within the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned and to hold such hearings. 
Committee shall after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, make a public announcement of the date, place and subject matter of any Committee hearing at least 1 week before the 
commencement of the hearing. The Chairman of a Subcommittee shall schedule a hearing only after consultation with the Chairman of the Committee and after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee, and the Chairmen of the other subcommittees after such consultation with the Committee Chairman, and shall request the Majority Staff Director to make a public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of such hearing at least 1 week before the hearing. If the Chairman of the Committee or the Subcommittee, with concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee or Subcommittee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee, as appropriate, shall request the Majority Staff Director to make such public announcement at the earliest possible date. The clerk of the Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record, and shall promptly enter the appropriate information into the 
Committee scheduling service of the House Information Systems as soon as possible after such public announcement is made. 
otherwise provided in this rule, the scheduling of witnesses and determination of the time allowed for the presentation of testimony at hearings shall be at the discretion of the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee, unless a majority of the Committee or Subcommittee determines otherwise. 
Rule VII, the Chairman of the Committee or any Member designated by the Chairman, may administer an oath to any witness. 
witness appearing in a nongovernmental capacity shall include with the written statement of proposed testimony: 
agency and program) of any Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) received during the current calendar year or either of the 2 preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness; and 
any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
redactions to protect the privacy of witnesses, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than 1 day after the witness appears. 
or Subcommittee Members may question witnesses only when they have been recognized by the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee for that purpose. Each Member so recognized shall be limited to questioning a witness for 5 minutes until such time as each Member of the Committee or Subcommittee who so desires has had an opportunity to question the witness for 5 minutes; and thereafter the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee may limit the time of a further round of questioning after giving due consideration to the importance of the subject matter and the length of time 
available. All questions put to witnesses shall be germane to the measure or matter under consideration. Unless a majority of the Committee or Subcommittee determines otherwise, no Committee or Subcommittee staff shall interrogate witnesses. 
(ii) Whenever it is asserted by a Member of 
report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the Members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day) in advance of their consideration. 
report or cause to be reported promptly to the House any bill, resolution, or other measure approved by the Committee and shall take or cause to be taken all necessary steps to bring such bill, resolution, or other measure to a vote. No bill, resolution, or measure shall be reported from the Committee unless a majority of Committee is actually present. A Committee report on any bill, resolution, or other measure approved by the Committee shall be filed within 7 calendar days (not counting days on which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the Majority Staff Director of the Committee a written request, signed by a majority of the Committee, for the reporting of that bill or resolution. The Majority Staff Director of the Committee shall notify the Chairman immediately when such a request is filed. 
report on any bill or resolution approved by the Committee shall include as separately identified sections: 
such estimates, if any, prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connection with such bill or resolution pursuant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if submitted in timely fashion to the Committee; 
goals and objectives, including outcomerelated goals and objectives, for which the measure authorizes finding; 
shown in accordance with clause 3 of House Rule XIII; 
provision of the measure establishes or reauthorizes a program of the Federal Government known to be duplicative of another Federal program. The Statement shall at a minimum explain whether— 
report from the Government Accountability Office to Congress pursuant to section 21 of Public Law 111–139; or 
Law 95–220, as amended by Public Law 98– 169), identified other programs related to the program established or reauthorized by the measure; and 
Records.—If hearings have been held on any reported bill or resolution, the Committee shall make every reasonable effort to have the record of such hearings printed and available for distribution to the Members of the House prior to the consideration of such bill or resolution by the House. Each printed hearing of the Committee or any of its subcommittees shall include a record of the attendance of the Members. 
Subcommittee prints or other Committee or Subcommittee documents, other than reports or prints of bills, that are prepared for 
public distribution shall be approved by the Chairman of the Committee or the Committee prior to public distribution. 
to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
submitted simultaneously to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and to the Committee on House Administration. In developing such plans the Committee shall, to the maximum extent feasible— 
House that have jurisdiction over the same or related laws, programs, or agencies within its jurisdiction, with the objective of ensuring that such laws, programs, or agencies are reviewed in the same Congress and that there is a maximum of coordination between such committees in the conduct of such reviews; and such plans shall include an explanation of what steps have been and will be taken to ensure such coordination and cooperation; 
rules, regulations, statutes, and court decisions that are ambiguous, arbitrary, or nonsensical, or that impose severe financial burdens on individuals; 
in its plans the review of those laws, programs, or agencies operating under permanent budget authority or permanent statutory authority; 
significant laws, programs, or agencies within its jurisdiction are subject to review at least once every 10 years; and 
programs, including mandatory spending programs, that are inefficient, duplicative, outdated, or more appropriately administered by State or local governments. 
time, each continuing program within its jurisdiction for which appropriations are not made annually in order to ascertain whether such program could be modified so that appropriations therefor would be made annually. 
Changes.—Whenever the Committee is directed in a concurrent resolution on the budget to determine and recommend changes in laws, bills, or resolutions under the reconciliation process, it shall promptly make 
such determination and recommendations, and report a reconciliation bill or resolution (or both) to the House or submit such recommendations to the Committee on the Budget, in accordance with the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (See Appendix B). 
the legislative process it becomes necessary to appoint conferees, the Chairman shall, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, determine the number of conferees the Chairman deems most suitable and then recommend to the Speaker as conferees, in keeping with the number to be appointed by the Speaker as provided in House Rule I, clause 11, the names of those Members of the Committee of not less than a majority who generally supported the House position and who were primarily responsible for the legislation. The Chairman shall, to the fullest extent feasible, include those Members of the Committee who were the principal proponents of the major provisions of the bill as it passed the House and such other Committee Members of the majority party as the Chairman may designate in consultation with the Members of the majority party. Such recommendations shall provide a ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members no less favorable to the majority party than the ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members on the Committee. In making recommendations of Minority Party Members as conferees, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. 
shall include a focus on the most egregious instances of waste, fraud, abuse, or mismanagement as documented by any report the Committee has received from a Federal Office of the Inspector General or the Comptroller General of the United States. 
on such disclaimers from representatives of any such agency. 
Committee or a Subcommittee, shall hold at least one hearing on issues raised by reports issued by the Comptroller General of the United States indicating that Federal programs or operations that the Committee may authorize are at high risk for waste, fraud, and mismanagement, known as the ‘highrisklist’ or the ‘highrisk series’. 
January 2 of each oddnumbered year, the Committee shall submit to the House a report on the activities of the Committee. After adjournment sine die of the last regular session of a Congress, or after December 15 of an evennumbered year, whichever occurs first, the Chair may file the report, a copy of which shall be made available to each Member of the Committee for at least 7 calendar days, with the Clerk of the House at any time. 
Chairman may create additional subcommittees of an ad hoc nature as the Chairman determines to be appropriate subject to any limitations provided for in the House Rules. 
shall be a ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members which shall be consistent with the ratio on the full Committee. In calculating the ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members, there shall be included the ex officio Members of the subcommittees and ratios below reflect that fact. 
shall have the following general jurisdiction and number of Members: 
General Farm Commodities and Risk Management ( ll members, ll majority and 
ll minority)—Policies, statutes, and markets relating to commodities including barley, cotton, cottonseed, corn, grain sorghum, honey, mohair, oats, other oilseeds, peanuts, pulse crops, rice, soybeans, sugar, wheat, and wool; the Commodity Credit Corporation; risk management policies and statutes, including Federal Crop Insurance; producer data and privacy issues. 
( ll members, ll majority and ll minority)—Policies, statutes, and markets relating to commodity exchanges; agricultural credit; rural development, energy; rural electrification. 
and statutes relating to resource conservation, forestry, and all forests under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture. 
and ll minority)—Policies and statutes relating to nutrition, including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and domestic commodity distribution and consumer initiatives. 
( ll members, ll majority and ll minority)—Policies, statutes, and markets relating to horticulture, including fruits, vegetables, nuts, and ornamentals; bees; and organic agriculture; policies and statutes relating to marketing and promotion orders; pest and disease management; bioterrorism; adulteration and quarantine matters; research, education, and extension; and biotechnology. 
Policies, statutes, and markets relating to all livestock, poultry, dairy, and seafood, including all products thereof; the inspection, marketing, and promotion of such commodities and products; aquaculture; animal welfare; grazing; foreign agricultural assistance and trade promotion. 
and other matters referred to the Committee shall be referred to all subcommittees of appropriate jurisdiction within 2 weeks after being referred to the Committee. After consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman may determine that the Committee will consider certain bills, resolutions, or other matters. 
the Committee, may discharge a Subcommittee from further consideration of any bill, resolution, or other matter referred to the Subcommittee and have such bill, resolution or other matter considered by the Committee. The Committee having referred a bill, resolution, or other matter to a Subcommittee in accordance with this rule may discharge such Subcommittee from further consideration thereof at any time by a vote of the majority Members of the Committee for the Committee’s direct consideration or for reference to another Subcommittee. 
present, decides otherwise by a majority vote, the Chairman may refer bills, resolutions, legislation or other matters not specifically within the jurisdiction of a Subcommittee, or that is within the jurisdiction of more than one Subcommittee, jointly or exclusively as the Chairman deems appropriate, including concurrently to the subcommittees with jurisdiction, sequentially to the subcommittees with jurisdiction (subject to any time limits deemed appropriate), divided by subject matter among the subcommittees with jurisdiction, or to an ad hoc subcommittee appointed by the Chairman for the purpose of considering the matter and reporting to the Committee thereon, or make such other provisions deemed appropriate. 
(ii) be counted for the purpose of a establishing a quorum; 
under the 5Minute Rule, unless permitted to do so by the Subcommittee Chairman in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member or a majority of the Subcommittee, a quorum being present; 
shall be provided to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee by the Majority Staff Director. 
hearings outside of the House if the Chairman of the Committee and other Subcommittee Chairmen and the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee is consulted in advance to ensure that there is no scheduling problem. However, the majority of the Committee may authorize such meeting or hearing. 
chairmanship, the Chairman may set the dates for hearings and meetings of the Subcommittee during the period of vacancy. The Chairman may also appoint an acting Subcommittee Chairman until the vacancy is filled. 
resolution, recommendation, or other matter forwarded to the Committee by a Subcommittee shall be promptly forwarded by the Subcommittee Chairman or any Subcommittee Member authorized to do so by the Subcommittee. 
the Majority Staff Director of the Committee shall promptly advise all Members of the Committee of the Subcommittee action. 
matters recommended by subcommittees until 2 calendar days have elapsed from the date of action, unless the Chairman or a majority of the Committee determines otherwise. 
consultation with the majority Members of the Committee, and the minority Members of the Committee, shall prepare a preliminary budget for each session of the Congress Such budget shall include necessary amounts 
for staff personnel, travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee and subcommittees. After consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman shall include an amount budgeted to minority Members for staff under their direction and supervision. Thereafter, the Chairman shall combine such proposals into a consolidated Committee budget, and shall take whatever action is necessary to have such budget duly authorized by the House. 
shall appoint and determine the remuneration of, and may remove, the professional and clerical employees of the Committee not assigned to the minority. The professional and clerical staff of the Committee not assigned to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chairman, who shall establish and assign the duties and responsibilities of such staff members and delegate such authority as he or she determines appropriate. (See House Rule X, clause 9) 
Committee shall appoint and determine the remuneration of, and may remove, the professional and clerical staff assigned to the minority within the budget approved for such purposes. The professional and clerical staff assigned to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee who may delegate such authority as he or she determines appropriate. 
travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the official travel is being made; 
(iii) The location of the event for which the 
and staff of a Subcommittee to hearings, meetings, conferences, facility inspections and investigations involving activities or subject matter under the jurisdiction of such Subcommittee to be paid for out of funds allocated to the Committee, prior authorization must be obtained from the Subcommittee Chairman and the full Committee Chairman. Such prior authorization shall be given by the Chairman only upon the representation by the applicable Subcommittee 
official travel authorized under this rule, there shall be submitted to the Committee Chairman a written report covering the information gained as a result of the hearing, meeting, conference, facility inspection or investigation attended pursuant to such official travel. 
States shall be made available to the Committee and its employees engaged in carrying out their official duties outside the United States, its territories or possessions. No appropriated funds shall be expended for the purpose of defraying expenses of Members of the Committee or is employees in any country where local currencies are available for this purpose; and the following conditions shall apply with respect to their use of 35 such currencies; 
(ii) Each Member or employee of the Committee shall make an itemized report to the Chairman within 60 days following the completion of travel showing the dates each country was visited, the amount of per diem furnished, the cost of transportation furnished, and any funds expended for any other official purpose, and shall summarize in these categories the total foreign currencies and appropriated funds expended. All such individual reports shall be filed by the Chairman with the Committee on House Administration and shall be open to public inspection. 
These Rules may be amended by a majority vote of the Committee. A proposed change in these Rules shall not be considered by the Committee as provided in clause 2 of House Rule XI, unless written notice of the proposed change has been provided to each Committee Member 2 legislative days in advance of the date on which the matter is to be considered. Any such change in the Rules of the Committee shall be published in the Congressional Record within 30 calendar days after its approval. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully submit the Rules of the Committee on 
Armed Services for the 114th Congress, as adopted by the committee on January 14, 2015. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee’s rules shall be publicly available in electronic form and published in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the chair of the committee is elected in each oddnumbered year. 
may be dispensed with by the Chairman, but such action may be reversed by a written request of a majority of the members of the Committee. 
hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the Committee on all matters referred to it. Insofar as possible, meetings of the Committee and its subcommittees shall not conflict. A subcommittee Chairman shall set meeting dates after consultation with the Chairman, other subcommittee Chairmen, and the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee with a view toward avoiding, whenever possible, simultaneous scheduling of Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings. 
consist of seven standing subcommittees with the following jurisdictions: 
Forces: All Army, Air Force and Marine Corps acquisition programs (except Marine Corps amphibious assault vehicle programs, strategic missiles, space, lift programs, special operations, science and technology programs, and information technology accounts) and the associated weapons systems sustainment. In addition, the subcommittee will be responsible for Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs and the associated weapons systems sustainment, National Guard and Army, Air Force and Marine Corps Reserve modernization, and ammunition programs. 
Subcommittee on Military Personnel: Military personnel policy, Reserve Component integration and employment issues, military health care, military education, and POW/ MIA issues. In addition, the subcommittee will be responsible for Morale, Welfare and Recreation issues and programs. 
readiness, training, logistics and maintenance issues and programs. In addition, the subcommittee will be responsible for all military construction, depot policy, civilian 
personnel policy, environmental policy, installations and family housing issues, including the base closure process, and energy policy and programs of the Department of Defense. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces: Strategic weapons (except deep strike bombers and related systems), space programs (including national intelligence space programs), ballistic missile defense, the associated weapons systems sustainment, the Cooperative Threat Reduction program, and Department of Energy national security programs. 
Capabilities: Defensewide and joint enabling activities and programs to include: Special Operations Forces; counterproliferation and counterterrorism programs and initiatives; science and technology policy and programs; information technology programs; homeland defense and Department of Defense related consequence management programs; related intelligence support; and other enabling programs and activities to include cyber operations, strategic communications, and information operations. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations: Any matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee, subject to the concurrence of the Chairman of the Committee and, as appropriate, affected subcommittee chairmen. The subcommittee shall have no legislative jurisdiction. 
exception of membership on the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, shall be filled in accordance with the rules of the Majority party’s conference and the Minority party’s caucus, respectively. 
Member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations shall be filled in accordance with the rules of the Majority party’s conference and the Minority party’s caucus, respectively. Consistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, all other Majority members of the subcommittee shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee, and all other Minority members shall be appointed by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. 
Ranking Minority Member thereof may sit as ex officio members of all subcommittees. Ex officio members shall not vote in subcommittee hearings or meetings or be taken into consideration for the purpose of determining the ratio of the subcommittees or establishing a quorum at subcommittee hearings or meetings. 
a member of a particular subcommittee may sit with the subcommittee and participate during any of its hearings but shall not have authority to vote, cannot be counted for the purpose of achieving a quorum, and cannot raise a point of order at the hearing. 
the Committee consisting of members of the Committee to inquire into and take testimony on a matter or matters that fall within the jurisdiction of more than one subcommittee and to report to the Committee. 
shall continue in existence for more than six months after the appointment. A panel so appointed may, upon the expiration of six months, be reappointed by the Chairman for a period of time which is not to exceed six months. 
Chairman of a subcommittee with the concurrence of the Chairman of the Committee, may designate a task force to inquire into and take testimony on a matter that falls within the jurisdiction of the Committee or subcommittee, respectively. The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or subcommittee shall each appoint an equal number of members to the task force. The Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee shall choose one of the members so appointed, who does not currently chair another subcommittee of the Committee, to serve as Chairman of the task force. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or subcommittee shall similarly appoint the Ranking Minority Member of the task force. 
and other matters to the appropriate subcommittee or to the full Committee. 
hearing or markup only when called by the Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, or by a majority of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate. 
Ranking Minority Member, shall establish criteria for recommending legislation and other matters to be considered by the House of Representatives, pursuant to clause 1 of rule XV of the Rules of the House of Representatives. Such criteria shall not conflict with the Rules of the House of Representatives and other applicable rules. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee, or of any subcommittee, panel, or task force, shall make a public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing or meeting before that body at least one week before the commencement of a hearing and at least three days before the commencement of a meeting. However, if the Chairman of the Committee, or of any subcommittee, panel, or task force, with the concurrence of the respective Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing or meeting sooner, or if the Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task force so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, such chairman shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. Any announcement made under this rule shall be promptly published in the Daily Digest, promptly entered into the committee scheduling service of the House Information Resources, and promptly made publicly available in electronic form. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee shall, to the maximum extent practicable, provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings. The Committee shall maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. 
RULE 9 . MEETINGS AND HEARINGS OPEN TO THE  
Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task force may vote to close a hearing or meeting for the sole purpose of discussing whether testimony or evidence to be received would endanger the national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would violate any law or rule of the House of Representatives. If the decision is to proceed in executive session, the vote must be by record vote and in open session, a majority of the Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task force being present. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, no Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner may be excluded from nonparticipatory attendance at any hearing of the Committee or a subcommittee, unless the House of Representatives shall by majority vote authorize the Committee or subcommittee, for purposes of a particular series of hearings on a particular article of legislation or on a particular subject of investigation, to close its hearings to Members, Delegates, and the Resident Commissioner by the same procedures designated in this rule for closing hearings to the public. 
may vote, by the same procedure, to meet in executive session for up to five additional consecutive days of hearings. RULE 10 . QUORUM  
voting to close to discuss whether evidence or testimony to be received would tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person. 
reported to the House of Representatives unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. 
member may address the Committee or subcommittee on any measure or matter under consideration shall not exceed five minutes and then only when the member has been recognized by the Chairman or subcommittee chairman, as appropriate, except that this time limit may be exceeded by unanimous consent. Any member, upon request, shall be recognized for not more than five minutes to address the Committee or subcommittee on behalf of an amendment which the member has offered to any pending bill or resolution. The fiveminute limitation shall not apply to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or subcommittee. 
15, a member of the Committee who is not a member of a subcommittee may be recognized by a subcommittee chairman in order of their arrival and after all present subcommittee members have been recognized. 
RULE 12 . POWER TO SIT AND ACT ; SUBPOENA  
its functions and duties under rules X and XI 
within the United States, whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned, and to hold hearings, and 
the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memorandums, papers and documents, including, but not limited to, those in electronic form, as it considers necessary. 
by a witness to the Committee or a subcommittee shall be submitted to the Committee or subcommittee at least 48 hours in advance of presentation and shall be distributed to all members of the Committee or subcommittee as soon as practicable but not less than 24 hours in advance of presentation. A copy of any such prepared statement shall also be submitted to the Committee in electronic form. If a prepared statement contains national security information bearing a classification of Confidential or higher, the statement shall be made available in the Committee rooms to all 
members of the Committee or subcommittee as soon as practicable but not less than 24 hours in advance of presentation; however, no such statement shall be removed from the Committee offices. The requirement of this rule may be waived by a majority vote of the Committee or subcommittee, a quorum being present. In cases where a witness does not submit a statement by the time required under this rule, the Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate, with the concurrence of the respective Ranking Minority Member, may elect to exclude the witness from the hearing. 
shall require each witness who is to appear before it to file with the Committee in advance of his or her appearance a written statement of the proposed testimony and to limit the oral presentation at such appearance to a brief summary of the submitted written statement. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, written witness statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. 
the testimony you will give before this Committee (or subcommittee) in the matters now 
under consideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?’’ 
or a subcommittee, members of the Committee or subcommittee may put questions to the witness only when recognized by the Chairman or subcommittee chairman, as appropriate, for that purpose according to rule 11 of the Committee. 
Committee or subcommittee shall be pertinent to the measure or matter that may be before the Committee or subcommittee for consideration. 
The transcripts of those hearings conducted by the Committee, subcommittee, or panel will be published officially in substantially verbatim form, with the material requested for the record inserted at that place requested, or at the end of the record, as appropriate. The transcripts of markups conducted by the Committee or any subcommittee may be published officially in verbatim form. Any requests to correct any errors, other than those in transcription, will be appended to the record, and the appropriate place where the change is requested will be footnoted. Any transcript published under this rule shall include the results of record votes conducted in the session covered by the transcript and shall also include materials that have been submitted for the record and are covered under rule 19. The handling and safekeeping of these materials shall fully satisfy the requirements of rule 20. No transcript of an executive session conducted under rule 9 shall be published under this rule. 
by record vote, division vote, voice vote, or unanimous consent. 
member is in attendance at any other committee, subcommittee, or conference committee meeting during that time, the necessary absence of that member shall be so noted in the record vote record, upon timely notification to the Chairman by that member. 
subcommittee, as appropriate, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member or the most senior Minority member who is present at the time, may elect to postpone requested record votes until such time or point at a markup as is mutually decided. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, the underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. RULE 18 . COMMITTEE REPORTS  
motion to report any measure or matter, and on any amendment offered to the measure or matter, the total number of votes cast for and against, the names of those voting for and against, and a brief description of the question, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, all national security information bearing a classification of Confidential or higher which has been received by the Committee or a subcommittee shall be deemed to have been received in executive session and shall be given appropriate safekeeping. 
in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, establish such procedures as in his judgment may be necessary to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of any proprietary information that is received by the Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task force. Such procedures shall be consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives and applicable law. 
The staffing of the Committee, the standing subcommittees, and any panel or task force designated by the Chairman or chairmen of the subcommittees shall be subject to the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, I submit the Rules of the Committee on Homeland Security for the 114th Congress for publication in the Congressional Record. On January 21, 2015, the Committee on Homeland Security met in open session and adopted these Committee Rules by unanimous consent, a quorum being present. 
U.S. House of Representatives (the ‘‘House’’) are the rules of the Committee on Homeland Security (the ‘‘Committee’’) and its subcommittees insofar as applicable. 
where the terms ‘‘Full Committee’’ and ‘‘subcommittee’’ are specifically mentioned, the following rules shall apply to the Committee’s subcommittees and their respective Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members to the same extent as they apply to the Full Committee and its Chairman and Ranking Minority Member. 
authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
maintain an official Committee web site for the purposes of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members, other Members, and the public at large. The Ranking Minority Member may maintain a similar web site for the same purposes. The official Committee web site shall display a link on its home page to the web site maintained by the Ranking Minority Member. 
days and the report includes any supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the Committee. 
Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, may designate a panel of the Committee consisting of Members of the Committee to inquire into and take testimony on a matter or matters that warrant enhanced consideration and to report to the Committee. 
Chairman shall continue in existence for more than six months after the appointment. 
ratio of Majority to Minority Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, consistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, with all Majority members of the panels appointed by the Chairman of the Committee and all Minority members appointed by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. The Chairman of the Committee shall choose one of the Majority Members so appointed who does not currently chair another Subcommittee of the Committee to serve as Chairman of the panel. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall similarly choose the Ranking Minority Member of the panel. 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee may serve as exofficio Members of each committee panel but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before a committee panel and shall not be counted to satisfy the quorum requirement for any purpose other than taking testimony. 
designated panel shall be subject to all Committee Rules herein. 
be organized into the following six standing subcommittees and each shall have specific responsibility for such measures or matters as the Chairman refers to it: 
Member of the Full Committee shall select their respective Members of each subcommittee. The ratio of Majority to Minority Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, consistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, except that each subcommittee shall have at least two more Majority Members than Minority Members. 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee shall be ex officio members of each subcommittee but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before each subcommittee. The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee shall only be counted to satisfy the quorum requirement for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
Except as otherwise directed by the Chairman of the Full Committee, each subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the Full Committee on all matters within its purview. Subcommittee Chairmen shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chairman of the Full Committee. To the greatest extent practicable, no more than one meeting and hearing should be scheduled for a given time. 
occurs in a Subcommittee on the question of forwarding any measure to the Full Committee, the measure shall be placed on the agenda for Full Committee consideration as if it had been ordered reported by the Subcommittee without recommendation. 
meeting date and time for the transaction of business of the Full Committee shall be at 10:00 a.m. on the first Wednesday that the House is in Session each month, unless otherwise directed by the Chairman. 
of the Chairman, additional meetings of the Committee may be scheduled for the consideration of any legislation or other matters pending before the Committee or to conduct other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purposes pursuant to the call of the Chairman. 
rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing before the Full Committee or subcommittee, which may not commence earlier than one week after such notice. However, if the Chairman of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. The names of all witnesses scheduled to appear at such hearing shall be provided to 
Members no later than 48 hours prior to the 
considered for approval by the Committee at any meeting, including any mark, print or amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be provided to the Members at least 48 hours in advance. Any substitute amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be provided to the Members at least 24 hours in advance. 
a meeting to consider a measure or matter, the text of such measure or matter as ordered forwarded or reported, including any amendments adopted or defeated, shall be made publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site. 
announcement shall be promptly published in the Daily Digest portion of the Congressional Record. To the greatest extent practicable, meeting announcements shall be entered into the Committee scheduling service of the House Information Resources. 
Committee shall, to the greatest extent practicable, provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting in a manner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. 
of the testimony of each witness appearing before the Committee during a Committee hearing. All transcripts of meetings or hearings that are open to the public shall be made available. 
the Committee, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member shall be entitled to present oral opening statements of five minutes each. Other Members may submit written opening statements for the record. The Chairman presiding over the meeting may permit additional opening statements by other Members of the Full Committee or of that subcommittee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. 
one Member may address the Committee on any bill, motion, or other matter under consideration by the Committee shall not exceed five minutes, and then only when the Member has been recognized by the Chairman, except that this time limit may be extended when permitted by unanimous consent. 
may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman may resume proceedings on a postponed vote at any time, provided that all reasonable steps have been taken to notify Members of the resumption of such proceedings, including circulation of notice by the Clerk of the Committee, or other designee of the Chair. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
days to submit to the Chief Clerk of the Committee their statements for the record, and, in the case of a hearing, additional questions for the hearing record to be directed towards a witness at the hearing. 
minute rule, the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member shall first be recognized. In a subcommittee meeting or hearing, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee are then recognized. All other Members who are present before the 
commencement of the meeting or hearing will be recognized in the order of seniority on the Committee, alternating between Majority and Minority Members. Committee 
Members arriving after the commencement of the hearing shall be recognized in order of appearance, alternating between Majority and Minority Members, after all Members present at the beginning of the hearing have been recognized. Each Member shall be recognized at least once before any Member is given a second opportunity to question a witness. 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by motion, may permit an extension of the period of questioning of a witness beyond five minutes but the time allotted must be equally apportioned to the Majority party and the Minority and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by motion, may permit Committee staff of the Majority and Minority to question a witness for a specified period of time, but the time allotted must be equally apportioned to the Majority and Minority staff and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
the Committee or any Member designated by the Chairman, may administer an oath to any witness. 
the greatest extent practicable, witnesses shall submit a prepared or written statement for the record of the proceedings (including, where practicable, an electronic copy) with the Clerk of the Committee no less than 48 hours in advance of the witness’s appearance before the Committee. Unless the 48 hour requirement is waived or otherwise modified by the Chairman, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the failure to comply with this requirement may result in the exclusion of the written testimony from the hearing record and/or the barring of an oral presentation of the testimony. The Clerk of the Committee shall provide any such prepared or written statement submitted to the Clerk prior to the hearing to the Members of the Committee prior to the commencement of the hearing. 
nongovernmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vita and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the two preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. Such disclosures shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing, and the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter jurisdiction of the hearing originating with a foreign government. Such statements, with the appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form 
not later than one day after the witness appears. 
may punish breaches of order and decorum, by censure and exclusion from the hearing; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House for contempt. 
meeting of the Committee, ringing or audible sounds or conversational use of cellular telephones or other electronic devices is prohibited in the Committee room. 
Referral of Bills and Other Matters by Chairman.—Except for bills and other matters retained by the Chairman for Full Committee consideration, each bill or other matter referred to the Full Committee shall be referred by the Chairman to one or more subcommittees within two weeks of receipt by the Committee. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Full Committee. Bills or other matters referred to subcommittees may be reassigned or discharged by the Chairman. 
in a subpoena with the concurrence of the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member 
of the Full Committee, or by the Committee, to prevent the disclosure of the Full Committee’s demands for information when deemed necessary for the security of information or the progress of an investigation, including but not limited to prohibiting the revelation by witnesses and their counsel of Full Committee’s inquiries. 
duces tecum may be issued whose return to the Committee Clerk shall occur at a time and place other than that of a regularly scheduled meeting. 
are subject to the provisions of clause 9 of House Rule X and must be eligible to be considered for routine access to classified information. 
these rules, Committee staff means the employees of the Committee, detailees, fellows, or any other person engaged by contract or otherwise to perform services for, or at the request of, the Committee. All such persons shall be either Majority, Minority, or shared staff. The Chairman shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Majority staff. The Ranking Minority Member shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Minority staff. In consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman may appoint, supervise, determine remuneration of and may remove shared staff that is assigned to service of the Committee. The Chairman shall certify Committee staff appointments, including appointments by the Ranking Minority Member, as required. 
public acknowledgement by the Chairman or the Committee of a decision to initiate an investigation of a particular person, entity, or subject, no member of the Committee staff shall knowingly divulge to any person any information, including nonclassified information, which comes into his or her possession by virtue of his or her status as a member of the Committee staff, if the member of the Committee staff has a reasonable expectation that such information may alert the subject of a Committee investigation to the existence, nature, or substance of such investigation, unless authorized to do so by the Chairman or the Committee. 
the primary expense resolution and such additional expense resolutions as may have been approved, travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the Committee for any Committee Member or Committee staff shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chairman. Travel may be authorized by the Chairman for any Committee Member or Committee staff only in connection with official Committee business, such as the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee and meetings, conferences, site visits, and investigations that involve activities or subject matters under the general jurisdiction of the Full Committee. 
staff seeking authorization. On the basis of that information, the Chairman shall determine whether the proposed travel is for official Committee business, concerns a subject matter under the jurisdiction of the Full Committee, and is not excessively costly in view of the Committee business proposed to be conducted. 
and Guidelines. —Travel must be in accordance with the Committee Travel Policy and Guidelines, as well as with House Rules, the Travel Guidelines and Regulations and any additional guidance set forth by the Committee on Ethics and the Committee on House Administration. Committee Members and staff shall follow these rules, policies, guidelines, and regulations in requesting and proceeding with any Committeerelated travel. 
offices, including Majority and Minority offices, shall operate under strict security precautions administered by the Security Officer of the Committee. A security officer shall be on duty at all times during normal office hours. Classified documents and controlled unclassified information (CUI)—formerly known as sensitive but unclassified (SBU) information—may be destroyed, discussed, examined, handled, reviewed, stored, transported and used only in an appropriately secure manner in accordance with all applicable laws, executive orders, and other governing authorities. Such documents may be removed from the Committee’s offices only in furtherance of official Committee business. Appropriate security procedures, as determined by the Chairman in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, shall govern the handling of such documents removed from the Committee’s offices. 
other materials containing classified information in any form that were not made part of the record of a Committee hearing, did not originate in the Committee or the House, and are not otherwise records of the Committee shall, while in the custody of the Committee, be segregated and maintained by the Committee in the same manner as Committee records that are classified. Such documents and other materials shall be returned to the Executive branch agency from 
classified information supplied to the Committee shall be limited to Committee staff members with appropriate security clearances and a needtoknow, as determined by the Chairman or Ranking Minority Member, and under the direction of the Majority or Minority Staff Directors. 
Committee staff may have access to classified information, the following oath (or affirmation) shall be executed: 
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose any classified information received in the course of my service on the Committee on Homeland Security, except as authorized by the Committee or the House of Representatives or in accordance with the Rules of such Committee or the Rules of the House. 
Copies of the executed oath (or affirmation) shall be retained by the Clerk of the Committee as part of the records of the Committee. 
shall immediately consider disciplinary action in the event any Committee Member or Committee staff member fails to conform to the provisions of these rules governing the disclosure of classified or unclassified information. Such disciplinary action may include, but shall not be limited to, immediate dismissal from the Committee staff, criminal referral to the Justice Department, and notification of the Speaker of the House. With respect to Minority staff, the Chairman shall consider such disciplinary action in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. 
Committee shall maintain a printed calendar for the information of each Committee Member showing any procedural or legislative measures considered or scheduled to be considered by the Committee, and the status of such measures and such other matters as the Committee determines shall be included. The calendar shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes. A copy of such revisions shall be made available to each Member of the Committee upon request. 
the Committee and of the House shall have access to all official Committee Records. Access to Committee files shall be limited to examination within the Committee offices at reasonable times. Access to Committee Records that contain classified information shall be provided in a manner consistent with these rules. 
and records of the Committee are not to be removed from the Committee offices. No Committee files or records that are not made 
testimony received by the Committee in executive session shall not be released or made available to the public unless agreed to by the Committee. Such information may be made available to appropriate government personnel for purposes of classification. Such information Members may examine the Committee’s executive session records, but may not make copies of, or take personal notes from, such records. 
Committee shall keep a complete record of all Committee action including recorded votes and attendance at hearings and meetings. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of each amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, including the name of the Member who offered the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against each such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, as well as the names of those Members present but not voting. Such record shall be made available to the public at reasonable times within the Committee offices and also made publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site within 48 hours of such record vote. 
records and files must be kept separate and distinct from the office records of the Members serving as Chairman and Ranking Minority Member. Records and files of Members’ personal offices shall not be considered records or files of the Committee. 
the conclusion of each Congress, noncurrent records of the Committee shall be delivered to the Archivist of the United States in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee shall make its rules publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site and shall submit such rules for publication in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the Chairman of the Committee is elected in each oddnumbered year. 
rules may be modified, amended, or repealed by the Full Committee provided that a notice in writing of the proposed change has been given to each Member at least 48 hours prior to the meeting at which action thereon is to be taken and such changes are not inconsistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
Rule I. The Rules of the House of Representatives are the rules of the Committee on the Judiciary and its Subcommittees with the following specific additions thereto. 
the Chairman and a regular meeting of the Committee may be dispensed with when, in the judgment of the Chairman, there is no need therefor. 
amendments to a measure or matter shall be submitted in writing or electronically to the designee of both the Chairman and Ranking Member at least 24 hours prior to the consideration of the measure or matter. The Chairman may use his discretion to give priority to amendments submitted in advance. 
and entertained by the Chairman shall be reduced to writing upon demand, of any Member, and a copy made available to each Member present. 
meeting of the full Committee or any Subcommittee thereof for which a majority is not required, a quorum shall be constituted by the presence of not less than onethird of the Members of the Committee or Subcommittee, respectively. 
Chairman may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman may resume proceedings on a postponed request at any time. 
shall be open to the public except when the Committee or Subcommittee determines by majority vote to close the meeting because disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would tend to defame, degrade or incriminate any person or otherwise would violate any law or rule of the House. 
receiving evidence before the Committee or any Subcommittee, a quorum shall be constituted by the presence of two Members. 
be waived in the event of an emergency that does not reasonably allow for advance written notice. 
by the Committee or any Subcommittee is open to the public, those proceedings shall be open to coverage by television, radio and still photography subject to the requirements of clause 4 of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
and Civil Justice shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: constitutional amendments, constitutional rights, Federal civil rights, claims against the United States, nonimmigration private claims bills, ethics in government, tort liability, including medical malpractice and product liability, legal reform generally, other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
Property, and the Internet shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: Administration of U.S. Courts, Federal Rules of Evidence, Civil and Appellate Procedure, judicial ethics, patent and trademark law, information technology, other appropriate matters as referred to by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
Homeland Security, and Investigations shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: Federal Criminal Code, drug enforcement, sentencing, parole and pardons, internal and homeland security, Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, prisons, criminal law enforcement, and other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
Border Security shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: immigration and naturalization, border security, admission of refugees, treaties, conventions and international agreements, Federal charters of incorporation, private immigration bills, nonborder immigration enforcement, other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
Commercial and Antitrust Law shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: bankruptcy and commercial law, bankruptcy judgeships, administrative law, independent counsel, state taxation affecting interstate commerce, interstate compacts, antitrust matters, other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
Ranking Minority Member thereof shall be ex officio Members, but not voting Members, of each Subcommittee to which such Chairman or Ranking Minority Member has not been assigned by resolution of the Committee. Ex officio Members shall not be counted as present for purposes of constituting a quorum at any hearing or meeting of such Subcommittee. 
hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Subcommittee chairmen shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their respective Subcommittees after consultation with the Chairman and other Subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of full Committee and Subcommittee meetings or hearings whenever possible. 
No report of the Committee or Subcommittee which does not accompany a measure or matter for consideration by the House shall be published unless all Members of the Committee or Subcommittee issuing the report shall have been apprised of such report and given the opportunity to give notice of intention to file supplemental, additional, or dissenting views as part of the report. In no case shall the time in which to file such views be less than three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays when the House is not in session). 
The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use according to the Rules of the House. The Chairman shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination on the written request of any Member of the Committee. 
legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members and other Members of the House. 
the votes on any question on which a record vote is demanded in the full Committee available on the Committee’s official website not later than 48 hours after such vote is taken. Such record shall identify or describe the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of the Members voting present. 
maintain a similar official website on behalf of the Committee Minority for the same purpose, including communicating information about the activities of the Minority to Committee Members and other Members of the House. ADJOURNMENT 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, January 27, 2015, at noon. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quarter of 2014, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES, QATAR, SAUDI ARABIA, AND IRAQ, EXPE NDED BETWEEN DEC. 12 AND DEC. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1  AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND D EC. 21, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BEN GHAZI, HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
125. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20462, ‘‘License to Carry a Pistol Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20537, ‘‘Pepco Cost Sharing Fund for DC PLUG Establishment Temporary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20536, ‘‘Grandparent Caregivers Program Subsidy Transfer Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20490, ‘‘Grocery Store Restrictive Covenant Prohibition Temporary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20505, ‘‘Inspector General Qualifications Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20506, ‘‘District Government Certificate of Good Standing Filing Requirement Temporary Amendment 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20555, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Support Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20475, ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area Incentive Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20522, ‘‘Standard Deduction Withholding Clarification Temporary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20588, ‘‘Trauma Technologists Licensure Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20499, ‘‘Metropolitan Police Department Commencement of Discipline and Command Staff Appointment Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20498, ‘‘Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System Conformity Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20494, ‘‘St. Matthews Evangelical Lutheran Church Community Garden Equitable Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20500, ‘‘Douglas Knoll, Golden Rule, 1728 W Street, and Wagner Gainesville Real Property Tax Exemption Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20463, ‘‘Zion Baptist Church Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20466, ‘‘Bishop Iola B. Cunningham Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20484, ‘‘Commission on Health Disparities Establishment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20467, ‘‘Civil Marriage Dissolution Equality Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20485, ‘‘Disposition of District Land for Affordable Housing Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20468, ‘‘Nap Turner Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20488, ‘‘Special Education Quality Improvement Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20483, ‘‘Food Policy Council and Director Establishment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20474, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Expansion Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20491, ‘‘Retirement Technical Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20487, ‘‘Enhanced Special Education Services Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20495, ‘‘Transaction Modernization Electronic Delivery or Posting Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20471, ‘‘N Street Village Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20496, ‘‘Closing of a Portion of the Public Alley System Square 368, S.O. 1309586, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20469, ‘‘Stroke System of Care Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20497, ‘‘Captive Insurance Company Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20470, ‘‘Record Sealing Decriminalized and Legalized Offenses Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20493, ‘‘Truth in Affordability Reporting Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20489, ‘‘Vehiclefor Hire Innovation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20472, ‘‘Solid Waste Facility Permit Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20473, ‘‘Repeal of 
Prostitution Free Zones and Drug Free Zones Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20486, ‘‘Special Education Student Rights Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20470, ‘‘Record Sealing Decriminalized and Legalized Offenses Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20482, ‘‘Affordable Homeownership Preservation and Equity Accumulation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20140566; Directorate Identifier 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20140567; Directorate Identifier 2014NM124AD; Amendment 3918043; AD 20142502] (RIN: 2120AA64) received January 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Rules. House Resolution 48. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 351) to provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–5). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself and Mr. C HABOT ): 
to conduct a comprehensive review over 6 years of Federal agencies and programs and to recommend the elimination or realignment of duplicative, wasteful, or outdated functions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 523. A bill to aid and support pediatric 
involvement in reading and education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Alabama, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. B URGESS, Mr. C OOK, Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. 
LOVE, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
Government from mandating, incentivizing, or coercing States to adopt the Common Core State Standards or any other specific academic standards, instructional content, curricula, assessments, or programs of instruction; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
POLIS, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. A MASH , Mr. C OHEN , 
DELBENE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
GABBARD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. C LAY, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
PETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
LABRADOR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
Substances Act to exclude industrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 526. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
GOODLATTE , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C OLLINS  
of Georgia, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 527. A bill to amend chapter 6 of title 
5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
NUNNELEE , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. K INZINGER  
of Illinois, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R ODNEY  
land management officials to exercise their authority under existing law to facilitate use of and access to Federal public lands for fishing, sport hunting, and recreational shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 529. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 530. A bill to reduce the amount of 
foreign assistance to Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador based on the 
number of unaccompanied alien children who are nationals or citizens of such countries and who in the preceding fiscal year are placed in Federal custody by reason of their immigration status; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. H IGGINS, and Mr. K INGof New York): 
H.R. 531. A bill to prioritize funding for the 
National Institutes of Health to discover treatments and cures, to maintain global leadership in medical innovation, and to restore the purchasing power the NIH had after the historic doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003; to the Committee on the Budget. 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. B EYER , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. F ATTAH , 
H.R. 532. A bill to provide that 6 of the 12 
weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 533. A bill to revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
of Indiana, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 534. A bill to authorize a State or a 
portion of a State to conduct a demonstration project designed to test methods of program integration and coordination of services with the goals of moving individuals and families towards selfsufficiency, reducing welfare dependence, and increasing work and earnings; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Financial Services, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
gold medal, collectively, to the Filipino Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 536. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to approve waivers under the Medicaid Program under title XIX of the Social Security Act that are related to State provider taxes that exempt certain retirement communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
NUNNELEE , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. J OYCE , 
H.R. 537. A bill to require any communication using Federal funds to advertise or educate the public on certain provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act 
and the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 to state that such communication was produced at taxpayer expense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 538. A bill to facilitate the development of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of Indian lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of years Representatives and Senators may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H. Con. Res. 9. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust; to the Committee on House Administration. 
LOWEY , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. I SRAEL ): 
H. Res. 49. A resolution honoring the victims of the Holocaust, commending countries and organizations for marking the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, and expressing the commitment of the House of Representatives to strengthen the fight against antiSemitism, bigotry, and intolerance; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Ms. KAPTUR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
H. Res. 50. A resolution calling for the release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was captured by Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has being held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
accomplishments, and legacy of Louis Zamperini and expressing condolences on his passing; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 522. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, section 8, clause 1: The Congress shall have power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
Article One, section 8, clause 18 The Congress shall have Power—To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing 
Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 523. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 524. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 525. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause of the United States Constitution which, by granting Congress the power to regulate commerce among the several states, also allows Congress to prevent the federal government from interfering with Americans’ ability to grow and process industrial hemp. This act is also justified by the Ninth Amendment and the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution, which recognize that rights and powers are retained and reserved by the people and to the States. 
H.R. 526. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 4 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to establis h... uniform Laws 
on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 527. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 to 17, and Section 9, Clauses 1 to 2, 4, and 7, of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of specific legislative powers granted to Congress by those sections, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, 
Article III, Section 1, Clause 1, Sentence 1, Section 2, Clause 1, and Section 2, Clause 2, Sentence 2, of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects judicial powers and cases that are subject to legislation by Congress; Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of power granted to Congress to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and, Amendment XVI to the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of power granted to Congress to lay and collect income taxes, including determinations of the manner in which that power will be exercised. 
H.R. 528. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2. The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 529. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 530. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States: No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by law. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution of the United States: To Establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization; 
H.R. 531. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 532. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 533. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 534. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 535. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 1) Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution 
H.R. 536. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 537. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have the Power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution into the government of the United States, or in any department of officer thereof 
drawn from the treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 538. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 26. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 109: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 154: Mr. L YNCH and Ms. M AXINE  
H.R. 159: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
H.R. 173: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
H.R. 181: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
H.R. 188: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida and Ms. 
H.R. 232: Mr. C HABOT and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 238: Ms. L EEand Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 246: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S HERMAN , and 
H.R. 285: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. 
H.R. 287: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
H.R. 310: Mr. T URNER , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. Y OHO, and 
H.R. 351: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. C ASTRO  
of Texas, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
EMMER , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 353: Mr. J ONES and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 357: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K ILMER, Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. 
H.R. 381: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. N OLAN , 
H.R. 402: Mr. R OSSand Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 410: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 427: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
BOST, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
H.R. 430: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. 
HOYER , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 448: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
FARR, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
H.R. 460: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. G IBSON , 
Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CHENRY , and 
H.R. 465: Mr. B UCK, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B OST, Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mr. 
H.R. 468: Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
H.R. 469: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. W AGNER, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. 
NUNNELEE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OE 
of Texas, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Ms. M OORE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. C LARKE of 
Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. K USTER , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. R OKITA , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 514: Mr. R OYCE , Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 515: Mr. R OYCE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. GIBSON , Mr. C RAMER , and Ms. H ERRERA  
H.J. Res. 13: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. J ONES . H. Res. 11: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R ANGEL , 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S447 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 2015 No. 12 