Chicago Cubs, baseball, and all sports has lost a legend. Ernie Banks, ‘‘Mr. 
two MVPs as a powerhitting shortstop and became an AllStar and a Hall of Famer. But perhaps more importantly, he overcame the racism he faced to become an amazing ambassador for the Cubs, his beloved Wrigley Field, and the game itself. 
You could not have met a more decent, kinder, happier soul on any field of endeavor. It was for these roles that he was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. 
baseball is a game that should be watched and played for fun. Indeed, let’s play two. You will be missed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
January is Human Trafficking Awareness Month, and I am pleased that the House is taking up a number of bipartisan measures this week to help eradicate this disturbing crime and assist its victims. 
To most Americans, human trafficking is something that happens in faraway lands. Unfortunately, the reality hits much closer to home. Right now, over 300,000 young Americans are in danger of falling victim to this fast growing criminal enterprise. As both a member of the Human Trafficking Task Force and a representative for antitrafficking advocates and organizations in my district in Pennsylvania, I am well aware of the devastating impact of this modernday slavery here in our Nation and in our communities back home. 
But 2015 can be the year we take significant steps to end this scourge. The work on the ground in Bucks and 
such as Worthwhile Wear, The Well, Network of Victim Assistance, as well as faithbased groups, law enforcement, and concerned citizens is making an impact and increasing awareness and strengthening our response locally. 
this week on Capitol Hill allows this Congress to work together to ensure that we can support those impacted by this crime and combat and ultimately defeat human trafficking in our Nation and, hopefully, around the world. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
I rise to honor the lives of Ronnie Berlack and Bryce Astle, two members of the United States Ski Team who were taken from us far too soon by a tragic avalanche while training in Austria in early January. 
themselves to representing our country with skill and dignity as members of the national ski team. They were both very talented. But, sadly, we will never know how high their stars may have risen. 
Ronnie and Bryce touched many others with their love of life, their drive to compete, and their commitment to their teammates. Ronnie was a native of Franconia, New Hampshire, the same town that produced skiing great Bode Miller. He started skiing at Cannon Mountain before attending Burke Mountain Academy in Vermont and coming into his own as a talented ski racer. Bryce spent most of his childhood in Utah, where he spent weekends skiing with his family at Alta and Snowbird. They first met while competing against each other in FIS races, before training together last summer and becoming great friends. 
everyone who knew these two young men has spoken to their integrity, their adventurous spirits, and their big, big hearts. They spent their lives working hard at the thing they loved the most. My heart goes out to their family, their many, many friends, and the entire ski racing community. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
is shocking: human trafficking is the fastest growing business of organized crime and the third largest criminal enterprise in the world. In my home State of Ohio, the most common age a child becomes victimized by trafficking is 13 years old. At 13, a child should be looking forward to their first days of high school, not living in fear. In 2014 
alone, in Ohio, 98 arrests were made in human trafficking investigations, involving 181 potential victims. 
Today, the House is fighting back. The antitrafficking bills this week 
will take aim at modern trafficking networks and the criminals who seek to abuse the lives of their victims. These bills encourage States to adopt safe harbor laws, enhance services for homeless youth, and further protect children in our Nation’s foster system. We must help survivors reclaim their lives through heightened public awareness and increased collaboration among governments. 
inalienable the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Human trafficking violates these core rights. A strong commitment to every human life will help the millions who suffer in the dark shadows of this heinous crime. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleague, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , to congratulate Coach Mike Krzyzewski of Duke University on becoming the first coach in the history of Division I NCAA basketball to win 1,000 games. Blue Devils everywhere are proud of this remarkable feat, the crowning achievement of a career that has seen Coach K win four national titles and two Olympic gold medals. 
relish, many of these 1,000 wins came against other storied ACC programs such as Carolina, NC State, and Wake Forest. That makes Coach K’s historic achievement all the more impressive. 
I taught at Duke and then represented the campus for a number of years. I know firsthand of Mike Krzyzewski’s character and integrity. He is not only a worldclass coach; he is also a committed educator who has trained and inspired his players to succeed in whatever they undertake in life. 
The Emily Krzyzewski Center in Durham, behind which Mike was the driving force, stands as a memorial to his mother and as a sign of his dedication to atrisk youth as they aspire to a college education. 
whose core values Coach K exemplifies, and on behalf of the House of Representatives, congratulations! We look forward to watching you build on your winning tradition for many years to come. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, earlier this month the United States Department of Agriculture announced $370 million for 115 conservation projects in 50 States. These dollars are a result of the Regional Conservation Partnership Program which was recently created in the 2014 farm bill by the consolidation of numerous regional conservation programs previously authorized under the 2008 law. 
an additional $400 million through non Federal matching funds. Roughly 40 percent of these total dollars are going towards national or multistate projects, and about 35 percent towards ‘‘critical conservation areas,’’ which include the Great Lakes region, the Chesapeake Bay watershed, as well as other high priority agricultural regions. 
As chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, the committee will be closely watching how USDA administers this critical program through oversight of the conservation title in the coming year. 
I strongly support commonsense, voluntary agriculture conservation. I look forward to working with USDA and the various stakeholders on how to make these programs as effective and results driven as possible. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Madam Speaker, I rise with Congressman PRICE to 
recognize the head coach of Duke University men’s basketball team on becoming the winningest Division I men’s basketball coach in our Nation’s history. 
Coach Mike Krzyzewski’s 1,000th career victory came Sunday afternoon in New York City at Madison Square Garden against the Red Storm of St. John’s University, a thrilling second 
he has led the Blue Devils to four NCAA Division I championships, 13 ACC tournament championships, and 12 ACC regular season championships. People like Grant Hill, Johnny Dawkins, Shane Battier, and even my soninlaw, Dahntay Jones, all honed their skills under the watchful eye of Coach K and went on to successful careers in the NBA. 
medal winner—in 1984 and 1992 as Team USA’s assistant coach, and in 2008 and 2012 as its head coach. In his most recent book, entitled, ‘‘The Gold Standard: Building a WorldClass Team,’’ Coach K has said leading Team USA to gold was one of the ‘‘most gratifying experiences’’ of his life. 
are impressive by any measure. Perhaps most impressive, though, is his work off the basketball court. In addition to supporting countless charities over the years, he and his wife, Mickie, founded the Emily Krzyzewski Center, named in honor of his mother. The center mentors schoolaged children to prepare them with the skills needed for college and beyond. 
remembered for, Coach K said: ‘‘Just the fact that I’m an honest man, a truthful person, and somebody who cares about people, not just himself.’’ 
so many around the Nation and the world. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Coach Mike Krzyzewski on his historic 1,000 victories. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
am proud to join my south Florida colleague, Congressman TEDDEUTCH , in a 
resolution commemorating today, the International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Nazi extermination camp at Auschwitz. 
reminder of the evil mankind is capable of as over 1.3 million people were systematically murdered in Auschwitz alone, including over 1.1 million Jews. As painful as it is to speak about the horrors of Auschwitz, we have a moral obligation to honor the memories of those who were murdered during modern humanity’s darkest period. 
Europe, we must take a solemn vow that these deaths were not in vain and that we will never forget, that we will never allow such atrocities to occur again. 
now week 4 in the new Republican Congress. There is still no jobs bill anywhere in sight. Instead of taking up an infrastructure bill or a minimum wage bill to give working families bigger paychecks, we are seeing a dangerous immigration bill that will actually hurt our Nation’s security. 
abandoning a bipartisan border security bill from the last Congress and instead trying to pass an irresponsible and unworkable $10 billion bill that simply appeases the extreme voices within their caucus. Border security experts say this bill 
would be ineffective. They call it unserious and dangerous for our Nation’s security. Secretary Jeh Johnson says that if enacted, it would actually leave the border less secure. 
This does not combat threats or secure our border. It simply requires the Federal Government to spend billions of dollars of taxpayer money on unnecessary projects. 
here in this House about border security, let’s bring up the Border Security Results Act that was unanimously passed by the Homeland Security Committee in the last Congress, bipartisan and unanimous, and it would get things done. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Madam Speaker, Granite Staters are fed up with Washington’s wasteful ways. The government’s irresponsible spending has led to billions of your dollars being wasted to fund projects that already exist. Instead of ensuring that the most truly in need receive a hand up, your taxpayer dollars are instead being handed out to increase Washington’s bureaucracy. 
That is why I have launched Operation TAXPAYER, an ongoing initiative designed to eliminate the wasteful plaguing of our government, running up our debt, and crowding out funding for worthwhile programs. 
As part of this initiative, I have introduced H. Res. 45, a bipartisan bill to fundamentally alter the way legislation is brought to the House floor. 
Under H. Res. 45, every piece of legislation awaiting consideration by Congress would receive a duplication score by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, with the goal of providing Members the necessary knowledge to identify whether or not a new bill creates a new program or project that already exists within our government. 
step that will allow our government to finally take sizable bites out of our debt and deficit while ensuring the protection of safety nets for all Americans. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Madam Speaker, cancellation of this week’s vote of the Secure Our Border Act is a relief for northern border communities, including my western New York district. 
This legislation would require a biometric exit system at every border crossing which would duplicate inspections and significantly slow the flow of 
The Beyond the Border agreement already allows for exit data to be shared between Canadian and U.S. officials; thus, the implementation of this system at the northern border would be redundant at least. 
such as the Peace Bridge in western New York, would see longer delays which would ultimately create disastrous economic effects and compound security concerns. A Peace Bridge authority official said that implementation of this program would effectively shut down the northern border. 
Investments in personnel and infrastructure should be made along our borders, but we must take into consideration the unique needs of northern 
and southern border communities and protect the strong economic relationship that is essential to the United States and Canadian economies. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I join in remembering one of the darkest stains on the history of the world. 
Remembrance Day, we pay homage to the lives that were lost and remember the freedom that triumphed the day the death camps were liberated. On this day 70 years ago, thousands of prisoners were liberated at Auschwitz, the Nazi death camp where over a million Jews lost their lives. 
killed by the Nazis, wiping out a part of European culture that existed for more than a thousand years. Today, Europe confronts a new wave of anti Semitism as we witnessed in the murders recently at the kosher market in Paris. 
freedom and the promotion of faith as a force for good. We also need strong military alliances that suppress racial hatred and genocide whenever it raises its ugly head. 
Jews still confronted an antiSemitic Europe, and they made their way to Israel. When they fought for the war of independence in 1948, half the soldiers were survivors from the death camps. 
Today, when we remember the victims, let us also remember that it was the liberation of the survivors that helped found a new state: the state of tolerance, democracy, and freedom that Israel so proudly embodies. 
114th Congress continues to set its course for the coming term, I rise today to honor Jerry ‘‘J.R.’’ McBride, a member of the DuPage County Board, who died of cancer in October at the young age of 47. 
I rise not to dwell on his passing but 
to suggest that we all may take a moment to learn a few lessons from his life. J.R., as he was affectionately called, lived his life by focusing on the needs of others. 
He was a family man. He cared deeply about his wife, Becky, and his five children. He was a community man, helping more area nonprofit organizations than I have time to mention here. 
us in Congress, J.R. was a public servant who put the needs of his community and his constituents ahead of politics and partisanship. 
J.R. was an equal opportunity listener and a friend to Republicans and Democrats alike. He knew the importance of cooperation and of compromise, of humor and humanity. He saw in his fellow public servants the common aspiration to do what is right for the people that we have been elected to represent. 
all in this together, and he was committed to working together for the greater good. That lesson, along with his accomplishments for DuPage County and his memory, will live on. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, this week, we will take up legislation that helps combat one of the fastest growing, most despicable criminal enterprises in the world: human trafficking. 
we had a reported 82 incidents of human trafficking cases last year and a reported 426 calls of human trafficking violations. I am pleased that late last year, Pennsylvania added itself as a State that enacted stricter human trafficking laws, as have most other States nationwide. Pennsylvania was also named as one of the five most improved States. 
from over. Legislation this week takes important steps in the right direction, by streamlining law enforcement resources. It enhances victim services, and it criminalizes those who knowingly advertise the commercial exploitation of children. It also allows Federal grants to support shelters for victims. 
in the House for raising awareness of this heinous crime, and I encourage bipartisan support of all of the human 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to commemorate International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the AuschwitzBirkenau concentration camp. 
atrocities of the Holocaust—which left 6 million Jews, 1 million Roma, 250,000 mentally and physically disabled individuals, and 9,000 homosexuals brutally murdered simply because they were different—the world’s democracies stood together and declared: ‘‘Never again.’’ 
greet visitors to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum as a reminder that it is our collective responsibility to promote religious tolerance and stand up against persecution or totalitarianism in any form. 
The recent attacks at a kosher market and at the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris, the kidnapping of 276 Christian schoolgirls by Boko 
Haram in Nigeria, and beheading by the Islamic State of journalists and of 13 teenage boys last week for the simple act of watching a soccer game underscore the unfortunate and troubling reminder that we must remain vigilant and undeterred in our fight to protect the most human rights. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I rise today to address the tragic yet growing reality of human trafficking. This evil exists even in the United States of America. Here at home, 300,000 young Americans are in danger of becoming victims of sex trafficking. 
youths vanish in the shadows. Within 48 hours of being on the street, one in three kids will be lured into sexual exploitation, according to the National Network for Runaway Youth. 
That is why we must build awareness. Education is power. Please seek out the organizations that can educate you so that you can make a difference. In Iowa, we have the Iowa Network Against Human Trafficking, Iowa Teens Against Human Trafficking, Braking Traffik, and many, many other fantastic community and religious organizations working to raise awareness and combat human trafficking in the State. Look them up. Get involved. We will 
work together to end trafficking because our women and children are not safe. This isn’t something that just happens across the oceans; this is happening at home. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
War II, more than 200,000 brave Americans answered the call of duty by joining the merchant marine, braving troubled seas to deliver crucial supplies to the battlefields of Europe and the Pacific. They faced enemy attack. Thousands perished at sea, and hundreds more were captured. 
merchant marine who risked their lives in the service of this Nation were never eligible for the provisions of the GI bill that helped millions of veterans go to college, secure a home, and transition seamlessly into civilian life. 
the Honoring Our World War II Merchant Mariners Act of 2015. This bill would provide the onetime payment of $25,000 to fewer than 5,000 surviving World War II mariners. 
well into their nineties, time is running out to repay this debt of gratitude. I encourage my colleagues to act quickly in cosponsoring this important legislation. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I was pleased that the Speaker expressed support for infrastructure improvements on ‘‘60 Minutes’’ last Sunday. 
that it would take $3.9 billion to maintain their infrastructure, and there is no doubt that my colleagues are facing similar circumstances in their home districts. 
drag our feet on this issue, the bigger the pricetag grows. The economic benefits of an improved infrastructure are clear. S&P is estimating that $1.3 billion in infrastructure investment creates 29,000 construction jobs, and that is not including indirect job creation. 
But we all know this is more than an 
economic issue. We are risking the safety of the American people who are traveling every day on crumbling roads and bridges. 
for? There is much to gain by acting and yet so much to lose by doing nothing. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
I join my colleagues today in honoring, recognizing, and respecting those who traveled through the devastation and horror of the Holocaust. To those who lost their lives, I prayerfully mourn them. For those who survived, I champion them and thank them and make a commitment as we have done as brothers and sisters, Republicans and Democrats, and as Americans: Never again. 
I rise as well to speak of the heinousness of the acts of Boko Haram and the killing and murderous acts against innocent children in Nigeria. We must stand together and act against this crisis. We must recognize that this bloodshed will not stop. 
in Nigeria and collaborating on what the next steps are. I want to thank the United States military, which has provided insight and cooperation. 
be more. We need to have a waiver of some of the provisions dealing with utilization and collaboration in the Nigerian military. We must ask them to do what is right. We cannot sit by while the bloodletting Boko Haram continues to kill women and children across Nigeria. Enough—it must stop now. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
week, House Republicans voted to eliminate DAPA, a program that would protect nearly 40 percent of undocumented immigrants, promote family unity, and boost our economy. They also voted to end DACA, which has helped some 630,000 DREAMers, including 10,000 in Nevada, come out of the shadows and pursue the American Dream. 
being waged at the Federal level. Yesterday, Nevada’s Republican attorney general joined more than two dozen other States in a lawsuit challenging President Obama’s executive action on immigration, although every President since Eisenhower has used similar executive authority to protect immigrants in our country. 
this declaring war on immigrants? Could it be that they want to keep a desperate underclass to fill those low wage, nobenefit jobs? Or do some fear that these folks might become citizens and vote them out of office? Regardless of the reason, these modern day know nothings should be ashamed of themselves. 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF GLOBAL 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
this year marks the 25th anniversary of the Global Sai Movement, which celebrates the teachings and ideals of Shirdi Sai Baba, the most respected of the 19th century Indian perfect masters and renowned for his teachings of respect, compassion, and acceptance. He transcended religious barriers, earning accolades from Hindus, Christians, and Muslims. 
Dr. Chandra Bhanu Satpathy deserves great credit for his earnest and humble leadership of the Global Sai Movement. Since 1989, Dr. Satpathy has proven himself to be an exemplary leader, working to improve the welfare of others in the spirit of Sai Baba’s teachings. 
and community centers around the world and has sponsored international cultural and spiritual festivals. 
world are in turmoil, much of it due to sectarian divisions, Dr. Satpathy and the Global Sai Movement offer a bridge of goodwill and vision for a peaceful future. 
today I rise to remember and honor Leon County Sheriff Larry Campbell, who after 50 years of public service lost a longfought battle with cancer on December 24, 2014. 
Sheriff’s Office during his senior year at Florida State University after serving in the Marine Corps. He was elected sheriff in 1996, a position of trust he would hold until his passing. 
law enforcement across our State for his leadership. He was also well known for being an avid supporter of charitable causes, including the United Way and American Heart Association. 
wife, Michelle; his son, Jack; and two daughters, Jeannette and Stephanie. 
Our community will remember Sheriff Campbell as a dedicated public servant. We owe him and his family a great debt of gratitude. 
many years, my perspective of human trafficking was based off of a scene I had seen in a movie. It was a scene in which a father came to a playground, took the hand of his 6yearold daughter, took her off to have sex with someone, and then brought her back to play. That was a scene from a country far, 
Oftentimes, when I have thought about human trafficking or sex trafficking over those years, I have thought about its being far, far away from home. Then I began to learn about what a problem we have here in the United States. 
countries. It happens here. It happens in States like New York, Florida, and California, but it also happens in South Dakota, and that is devastating for me for many reasons. I have two daughters, and I know that the average age that a young girl is trafficked is between the ages of 12 and 14. I have a son who is 12, and the average age of boys who are trafficked is between the ages of 11 and 13. I cannot imagine my children having to go through what some of these victims have had to go through. 
different youth organizations. I have been a children’s minister for many years. I still teach Sunday school. I have also been involved with 4–H. I have spent my life with kids, trying to help their lives become better so that they can build the kinds of traits and character they need to benefit the world. I recognize that many children don’t have those opportunities; yet I see the devastating effects of this industry here in our country. 
They say one of the first steps to recovery is admitting that you have a problem. We have got a huge problem in this country, and that is why you will find these bills on the House floor today. We want to make sure that we not only recognize that there is a problem, but that we give our law enforcement officers as many tools as possible to get rid of this industry and to help as many victims as possible. 
are trafficked every single year in the United States. Most of these victims are women and girls. Many come from tough backgrounds that have led them to the situations they are in today; but did you know that most of them, if they are involved in the sex trafficking industry, are forced to have sex 25 to 48 times a day? That is unfathomable to me. We as a nation have a responsibility to do everything that we can to prevent trafficking. When prevention efforts fail, we have a responsibility to help those victims recover. 
have also made this a priority, and I am grateful for their leadership on this issue. Last year, we passed many of these bills through this House, but they got hung up in the Senate even though they were extremely bipartisan over here in the House. That is why they are back again today, because we need to get these bills signed into law to save our children. 
our resolve is brought forward again to fight against human trafficking. I am grateful for everyone here today who has sponsored the bills, who has worked on behalf of these bills, and I 
am grateful for their leadership to make sure that we pass these bills and get them signed into law. 
today is going to make sure that when we spend Federal resources that they are spent in a manner that is going to actually help kids and help people get out of this industry. It is going to make sure that we are cooperating with nonprofits and with other organizations that have been involved in the industry before and that were being effective while we put those efforts forward. Then it is going to make sure 
that we have the dollars available to have shelters for those victims who are trying to come out of this situation. We have fewer than 200 beds available for victims in this country who want to recover, who want to heal, and who want to get on with their lives in pursuing the American Dream, like so many other people in this country have. That is why this bill is important. That is why all of these bills are important. It is why we need to pass them. 
as I have no further requests for time, I will just close by saying our children need our response. They are suffering. It is important that we work together to minimally provide them with the shelter that they need and with the resources that they need to eliminate the scourge of human trafficking and sex trafficking. With that, I ask for the support of the underlying legislation, H.R. 350. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I think this is an example that this House can do important things on a bipartisan basis. I commend the gentlewoman from South Dakota for introducing the legislation, and I commend the gentlewoman from Texas for supporting the legislation, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 350. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 159) to stop exploitation through trafficking, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
Part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.) is amended— 
feasible’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an application— 
has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons; 
given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
a court order to pay restitution in connection with a violation of each offense under title 18, United States Code, the amount of restitution required to be paid under each such order, and the amount of restitution actually paid pursuant to each such order; and 
‘‘(vii) the age, gender, race, country of origin, country of citizenship, and description of the role in the offense of individuals convicted under each offense; and’’. 
fiscal year thereafter, of amounts made available for grants under this paragraph, the Secretary of Health and Human Services 
shall make grants for a national communication system to assist victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons in communicating with service providers. The Secretary shall give priority to grant applicants that have experience in providing telephone services to victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons.’’. 
law enforcement agencies, upon the request of such an agency, in locating and recovering missing children.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) and 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 159, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
greatest sports traditions—the Super Bowl. As most Americans huddle around the television, either rooting for their teams or against the rival as the case may be, sadly, many American children are huddled on the streets or in hotel rooms—the victims of sex trafficking. 
events and to other large events is that a portion of the attendants come looking to abuse young children as much as they come for the headline events. While no one knows exactly how much the incidence of child sex trafficking increases during these events, it is known that pimps do bring children and other victims from around the country to offer them for sale at the Super Bowl and at other similar events. During last year’s Super Bowl, the FBI and other law enforcement 
agencies arrested more than 45 traffickers and rescued 16 child victims of sex trafficking, including victims as young as 13 years old and some who had been reported missing by their families. 
that most States have no exception to their prostitution laws for minor victims of trafficking. These children must often fear arrest and prosecution when law enforcement manages to locate and rescue some sex trafficking victims. This must stop. In recognizing the need for protection and support for the growing number of child victims of commercial sex trafficking, an increasing number of States have taken steps to establish socalled ‘‘safe harbor’’ provisions that either decriminalize minor prostitution or divert minor victims to the services and support needed for recovery. 
Through Trafficking Act, introduced by Mr. PAULSEN of Minnesota and Ms. 
seeks to continue this trend by encouraging the States, through preferential treatment in the Federal COPS grants, to enact safe harbor legislation that ensures these victims are treated as victims and not as criminals and that they are directed to support services and not to detention facilities. 
human trafficking hotline’’ that ensures young victims are eligible for enrollment in the Job Corps program. It requires the Attorney General to report on sex offender convictions, and it clarifies the authority of the U.S. Marshals Service to help locate and recover missing children, many of whom are vulnerable to becoming sex trafficking victims. 
This bill passed the Judiciary Committee by voice vote. Similar legislation passed on the House floor unanimously last Congress, but it was not enacted into law. 
prostitute—just victims of commercial sexual abuse at the hands of adults, so I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 159. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 159, the ‘‘Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 1015.’’ Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 159 on those matters within the committee’s jurisdiction. 
consideration of H.R. 159, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo further consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill, or any other 
similar legislation, and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my committee in the future. 
appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be considered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
letter regarding H.R. 159, the ‘‘Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015,’’ which the Judiciary Committee ordered reported favorably to the House on January 21, 2015. 
forego consideration of H.R. 159 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Education and the Workforce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in the bill. In addition, I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. 
Finally, I am pleased to include a copy of 
our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 159. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
right. These are certainly both cases and legislation that, one, we are appalled at with the case studies that we have seen and with the legislation that we seek in a bipartisan manner to solve that exploitation. 
I rise in support of H.R. 159, the Stop 
Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015. The Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act is another weapon in the war against sex trafficking in our country. 
As we stand here today, some child is being sextrafficked—some runaway who is away from her family, not able to be found, not finding a place of refuge—falling into the deadly hands, if you will, of someone who will take advantage of her almost for the rest of her life. In Houston, I met women who had engaged in or who had been subjected to that in the early part of their lives, and they will tell you how it follows them for a long, long time, so they subject themselves to drugs and alcohol to eliminate the pain. 
based initiatives to help combat sex trafficking. One of those initiatives, 
the national safe harbor law, is essential to making sure that victims of sex trafficking are not criminalized but, instead, are diverted to Child Protective Services. Only 12 States have safe harbor laws for minor victims of sex trafficking. That is far too few. Obviously, we need all 50 States to have this safe harbor. 
as a child prostitute. There are only child victims of rape. Children cannot give consent. There is no such thing as a child prostitute. Likewise, it is illegal for adults to have sex with children, children who by their very ages are under the age of consent. Sex with a minor, again, is rape. The seriousness of the offense is not diminished by having the john pay for the sex, making him feel good. It is still rape. It is time we stopped referring to the customer— the person having sex with a child— with such a polite title as a ‘‘john.’’ 
provide the johns with children, with minors, as what they are—horrific and horrible and vile criminals. The person who is the john is a rapist, a child rapist. We must punish those who prey on the vulnerable, and that includes not only the pimps and the traffickers, but also the rapists. 
help their recovery, we must not continue to victimize the victims. This bill empowers victims by providing for a national hotline to request help. The importance of this national hotline must not be underestimated. 
field hearing that I convened last March in Houston as a member of the Homeland Security Committee. During that hearing, Mr. McClelland, the chief of the Houston Police Department, testified that an 18yearold victim of human trafficking contacted the national hotline asking for help to escape her violent pimp. 
have sex with a john who ended up stabbing her and leaving without paying any money—a stabbing. She was fearful and wanted to get the money. It was a horrible situation. 
threatening, she did require medical attention for her injuries. However, the pimp refused to take her to get medical treatment, and she owed him to make up the money that the previous john who stabbed her did not pay. 
Vice’s human trafficking unit received the information from hotline personnel and were able to contact, locate, and rescue the young female. They also arrested the pimp and charged him with felony of compelling prostitution. Madam Speaker, I wish there was a harsher charge, but it was good work by the local law enforcement. 
The young victim was reunited with family members that same day. This case serves as a great example of how 
law enforcement and nongovernmental organizations can successfully work together to not only rescue victims of human trafficking, but also arrest the 
perpetrators of this crime and get them off the street and away from other victims who are still out there. 
restitution, and this is what I like: it puts them back on the right track by giving them eligibility for the Job Corps program, where we have seen lives turn around. It wants to say to them: You are valuable, you are worthy, and you have a future. 
This bill will help ensure that all victims of sex trafficking are treated as victims in every State and every jurisdiction. For these reasons, I join with my colleague, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , and 
urge my colleagues to support this legislation as well. 
159, the ‘‘Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015.’’ 
Act is another weapon in the war against sex trafficking in our country. This bill contains important victimbased initiatives to help combat sex trafficking. One of those initiatives, the National Safe Harbor Law, is essential to making sure that victims of sex trafficking are not criminalized, but instead are diverted to child protective services. Only 12 states have safe harbor laws for minor victims of sex trafficking. 
My colleagues, there is no such thing as a 
‘‘child prostitute’’; there are only child victims of rape. Likewise, it is illegal for adults to have sex with children who, by their very age, are under the age of consent. Sex with a minor is rape! The seriousness of the offense is not diminished by having the ‘‘john’’ pay for the sex. It is still rape, and it’s time we stopped referring to the customer, the person having sex with a child, with such a polite title as a ‘‘john.’’ He is a rapist, a child rapist! We must punish those who prey on the vulnerable, and that includes not only the pimps and traffickers but also the rapists. 
On the other hand, we must not continue to 
victimize the victims. In an effort to help their recovery, this bill empowers victims with a national hotline to request help. The importance of this national hotline must not be underestimated. 
In my earlier statement, I spoke of a field 
hearing that the Committee on Homeland Security held in Houston in March of last year. During that hearing Mr. Charles McClelland, Jr, Chief of Police, of the Houston Police Department, testified, 
. . . an 18 year old female victim of Human 
Trafficking . . . contacted the National Human Trafficking Resource Center Hotline asking for help to escape her violent pimp. The young victim had been forced to have sex with a ‘‘john’’ who ended up stabbing her and leaving without paying her any money. While her injuries were not life threatening, she did require medical attention for her injuries, however, the pimp refused to take her to get medical treatment until she earner him more money to make up for the money that the previous ‘‘john’’ did not pay. Vice/ Human Trafficking Unit personnel received the information from Hotline personnel, and were able to contact, locate, and rescue the young female, and also arrest the pimp and charge him with felony compelling prostitution. Madam Speaker, this story ends well. This 
young victim was reunited with family members that same day. This case serves as a great example of how law enforcement and nongovernmental organizations can successfully work together to not only rescue victims of Human Trafficking, but also arrest the perpetrators of this crime and get them off the street and away from other victims who are still out there. 
and grants them eligibility for Job Corps programs. This bill will help ensure that all victims of sex trafficking are treated as victims in every state and in every jurisdiction. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), the principal author of the bill. 
Madam Speaker, it is easy and comfortable to think that sex trafficking only happens in countries outside the United States. The truth is that more than 100,000 are at risk of being trafficked for commercial sex here in the United States each and every year, here in America. 
one group of people is dehumanized and has their basic human rights snuffed out for someone else’s economic gain. That word is slavery. The problem we have today is not a thing of the past. It is not from some remote corner of the world that you can’t find on a map. 
Slavery in the form of human trafficking is happening right now. It is happening in our cities, suburbs, and rural communities. It is happening in each and every one of our congressional districts. 
Minnesota, my home State, has actually been listed as one of the 13th largest centers for sexual exploitation of children in the entire country. 
our community about what I have learned from talking to victims like Dayanna, who became a 13yearold trafficking victim. Dayanna didn’t get a lot of love and attention from her mother or family. 
take care of her brothers and sisters, she longed for someone to give her love and attention. She ended up being seduced by a man who promised to be her ‘‘boyfriend.’’ 
after running away with him, she found herself being trafficked in Chicago and Philadelphia, without a home and separated from her family. Only a daring jump from a secondstory window actually allowed her to escape. 
had come from a different family situation, she wouldn’t have been trafficked; sadly, that is not the case. 
mother of a young woman named Brittany. Brittany was a very young girl who was violently raped, murdered, and then found dead in an impound lot last February. Unlike Dayanna, Brittany had a loving family. She worked with children at a local recreation center and taught dance lessons. 
Despite these circumstances, Brittany was also a victim of sex trafficking but was too embarrassed to speak out until it was too late. As Brittany’s mother told me: ‘‘It doesn’t matter if victims have a home because if sex trafficking can happen to my daughter, it can happen to any young girl.’’ 
about: young girls who are only 12, 13, or 14 years old. They are not old enough to have graduated from high school. They are not old enough to have voted in an election. They are not old enough to pass their driver’s license exam. In fact, in most States, these girls would be considered criminals that should be incarcerated and charged with prostitution instead of being treated as victims. 
traumatizes these girls and actually isolates them from the community and the services that they need and deserve. That is why, Madam Speaker, we need this legislation, H.R. 159, the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act, which focuses on incentivizing States to have safe harbor laws. 
girls are treated as victims. Safe harbor laws will give legal protection for minor victims and provide them with specialized social services. 
We know that by bringing these victims out of the shadows, we can make sure they get the services they need, including medical and psychological treatment, housing, legal services, educational assistance, job training, and more. 
actually bringing the perpetrators of these awful crimes to justice. This bipartisan legislation incentivizes States to adopt these safe harbor laws, so we can expand on the successes we have seen in States like Minnesota. 
State to approve safe harbor legislation. After their safe harbor laws went into effect, guess what? Law enforcement in Minnesota began arresting more johns than ever before, and human trafficking convictions more than doubled. Best practices evaluated by law enforcement and victims groups show that removing the fear of prosecution from victims actually works. 
States have full safe harbor laws. We have got to do more to protect these victims and be sure the pimps and johns are brought to justice. 
codifying a national human trafficking hotline and making victims eligible for Job Corps services. By giving them an avenue to access for job skill training, 
law enforcement by allowing the U.S. Marshals Service to support other State, local, or Federal law enforcement agencies that are investigating missing child cases. 
by requiring additional reporting to Congress on restitution orders in trafficking cases. These provisions are all essentially critically important pieces in the effort to combat sex trafficking. 
MOORE from Wisconsin for her advocacy, passion, and partnership on this legislation and moving it forward on a bipartisan basis. I also want to thank the leaders of the Judiciary Committee team who have recognized that this is a top priority and moved it quickly early in this session of Congress. 
Minnesota, as well, in passing each and every one of these antitrafficking bills and getting them on the President’s desk, so we can continue to save the lives of children. 
it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), who has championed these bills. 
Ms. MOORE. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas and the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 159, the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act, which has been so diligently pushed through with the superb partnership of Congressman ERIK PAULSEN of Minnesota. It has 
been a thrill to partner with him throughout this process. 
This is a bipartisan collaboration because, unfortunately, this is a bipartisan problem. Solving the problem of sexual exploitation of children will require work on all of our parts because it is a financial boom. People become multimillionaires in this illicit trade. 
has worked so diligently to combat sex trafficking in places like Nigeria, and I joined with her on that initiative. 
right here, within our own borders, the FBI estimates that at least 100,000 children in the United States of America are currently trafficked and another 200,000 are right on the cusp. They are at risk of sexual exploitation. 
night’’ or sexualized women who are doing it of their own free will—no. The average age of these victims is 13. It is an embarrassing statistic. It is embarrassing to report that my own hometown of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, has become known as a sex trafficking hub for both children and adults. 
the FBI did a sweep and rescued 10 juvenile girls from sex traffickers in Milwaukee. Trafficking is all too common in communities across the Nation— from urban settings, rural settings, 
people such as those in the foster care system. They prey upon those living in poverty; but what we do know is they also seek out higherincome children, going after those children who may have problems in their own homes. Some are LGBT identified. 
unless we create it through laws such as this. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. MOORE. I am proud of this legislation, I am pleased to cosponsor it, and I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 159. 
Speaker, we have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
with an important project, and that is to help save our children. 
important bill that talks about saving our children from sex trafficking without letting our colleagues know that we want every possible act of human trafficking to be reported at 1–866–347– 2423. We want those who are victims to know that they can seek help, too, at 1–888–373–7888. 
we are doing everything we can to extinguish and eliminate this heinous tragedy in our country. I ask my colleagues to support this legislation and to recognize that we must stop exploitation through trafficking. 
159, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, this is another example of bipartisan cooperation in the House of Representatives. I do wish to commend the principal author of the bill, Mr. PAULSEN from Minnesota, an 
Wisconsin; and my colleague, the ranking member of the Crime Subcommittee, Ms. JACKSON LEEof Texas. 
We have all worked together. Hopefully, we can send this bill over to the other body, and they will promptly pass it. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 159, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 285) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for knowingly selling advertising that offers certain commercial sex acts. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SAVE Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) and 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 285, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act, H.R. 285, introduced by Mrs. WAGNER of 
Missouri, is an important yet modest bill. It uses one word, just one word, to clarify that, just as it is against the law to prostitute a child on the street, it is likewise against the law to prostitute a child through an advertisement. 
the existing Federal sex trafficking statute at 18 United States Code, section 1591, this bill makes clear that Congress intends to prohibit the knowing advertising of child sex trafficking to the same extent as the other conduct prohibited by law. 
bill and applies to all advertisements that sell children for sex over which there is Federal jurisdiction, regardless of whether they appear on the Internet or somewhere else. It is important to remember that these advertisements, as well as all speech promoting illegal activity, are specifically not protected speech under the First Amendment. 
trafficker under this legislation, the government must prove that the defendant knew that they were advertising and knew or recklessly disregarded the fact that the ad involved a minor or someone involved through force, fraud or coercion. 
bar even higher for defendants who, while not directly placing the ads, do knowingly benefit from the placement of advertising. 
government to show that these defendants knew that the advertisement involved a minor or a coerced adult. Reckless disregard is not sufficient. 
Under current law, there is the additional possibility of civil liability for defendants who violate the Federal sex trafficking statute. However, under section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, online publishers of third party advertisements are generally immune from civil liability for such advertisements. H.R. 285 does nothing to disrupt or modify the immunity already provided by section 230. 
Congress has criminalized advertising multiple times in recent years. Title 18 of the Federal criminal code currently prohibits advertising promoting counterfeit currency, section 491; obscene or treasonous material, section 552; and the unlawful sale of military medals, section 704, among other things. 
to prohibit the advertising of illegal goods or services. Having done so for illegal advertisements involving animal cruelty, prescription drugs, and counterfeit items, today we take the commonsense step of prohibiting advertising that offers sex with children and coerced adults. 
done much good, U.S. law enforcement has identified online advertisements as the primary platform for buying and selling sex with minors. 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ), an active and 
committed member of the House Judiciary Committee and ranking member on the Commercial Subcommittee. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 285, the SAVE Act. 
is a vile crime that no one should be subjected to, but the SAVE Act goes too far. 
minimum sentence of 10 to 15 years for posting or facilitating the posting of advertisements online. We should be eliminating mandatory minimum sentences, not creating new ones. 
could potentially apply to communications providers and facilitators who are not actually engaged in sex trafficking. 
For example, an employee at an online advertising network that has no role in the types of ads they receive could face 10 to 15 years in prison for simply going in to work every day and helping advance the business. Web hosts and ad networks oftentimes do not have advance warning of the ads that are being sent to them. 
markup, I offered an amendment that would have removed mandatory minimums from the legislation, giving the judge hearing the case, of course, the discretion to impose a wise and just punishment. 
legislation, but I do not agree with its execution. Judges, working with the sentencing guidelines, should determine sentences, not legislators. 
crime, they waste taxpayers’ money, and often violate common sense. 
Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER), the author of this bill. 
thank the chairman for his leadership on this very, very important issue. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 285, the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation, or SAVE, Act. 
in support of all the good work done by my colleagues here in Congress on the issue of human trafficking. 
States Ambassador, I was exposed firsthand to the horrors of human trafficking on an international level. I witnessed and reported on the devastating consequences of human trafficking, where innocent women and children were dragged into the dark abyss of sexual slavery. 
dreams did I ever think human trafficking was so rampant right here in the United States of America. 
young women being forced into prostitution in virtually every district across this Nation. In fact, I was shocked to learn that my own hometown of St. Louis, Missouri, has been identified as one of the top 20 areas for sex trafficking in the United States. 
that is hiding in plain sight. Every year, thousands of young American lives are impacted by this despicable crime. 
from the work that is done by law enforcement professionals who are on the front lines every day protecting our Nation’s children from those who would seek to exploit them. 
victims’ services and their tireless efforts to help survivors recover, heal, and forge new lives out of the horrors of sexual enslavement. 
all the survivors of this hideous crime. This bracelet, Madam Speaker, was made by survivors at a safe house called Crisis Aid International in my own hometown of St. Louis, Missouri. 
their resolve gives us inspiration, and their steadfast commitment to ending sex trafficking gives us the courage to fight. 
that I have who have supported legislation and held events in their home districts to raise awareness and education of this crime. Our work has yet to begin. 
much, much work to do still. Legislators, we have an obligation to come together and to do something because we can, because we should, and because we must. 
has slowly but persistently migrated to an online marketplace. Classified services like backpage.com and others are the vehicles for advertising the victims of sexual slavery in this world. 
Pimps and traffickers blatantly advertise their victims’ sexual services with provocative photographs and unsubtle messages, complete with per hour pricing. The traffickers pay Web sites like Backpage and others to display their messages, and these Web sites, accordingly, reap enormous profits at the expense of victims of sex trafficking. 
and trafficking victims, and they are resulting in thousands of children every year being openly sold for sex on the Internet. 
Madam Speaker, government intervention is necessary to end facilitation of sex trafficking by Web sites like backpage.com and others who commercially advertise this criminal activity. 
models off the profits made by selling sex with children should not be allowed to operate. 
this behavior, thereby dramatically reducing the victimization of vulnerable children and women forced into sexual slavery in the United States. 
passed the House last year in an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 392–19. 
I recognize that it is critically important that innocent actors are protected from the liability, while giving prosecutors the means to combat human trafficking. 
legislation prohibits only those advertisements that the government can prove actually offer sex with a child or sex with an adult who is involved due to force, fraud, or coercion. 
for Congress to criminalize the advertising of legal goods and services, as the chairman has outlined previously. Surely, advertisements offering sex with children should also be subject to the same restrictions. 
trafficking victims will stem the flow of money, resulting in a reduction of both demand and supply. 
nameless, faceless children. They are our daughters, our granddaughters, our nieces, and our neighbors. They are the vulnerable youth of our society, the ones who should be protected the most, Madam Speaker, not exploited for money and greed. 
SAVE Act because it will provide the tools necessary for law enforcement to combat the sexual exploitation and enslavement of women and children in the United States. 
it is my privilege to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), who has served so ably on this 
committee, and we congratulate him for his ranking position on the Education Committee. 
SAVE Act. While I support the underlying goal of ensuring that those who facilitate sex trafficking through advertising are prosecuted to the full extent of the law, I am opposed to the bill’s mandatory minimum sentencing provisions. 
been studied extensively and have been found to distort rational sentencing systems, discriminate against minorities, waste money, and often require a judge to impose sentences that violate common sense. To add insult to injury, studies have shown that mandatory minimum sentences fail to reduce crime. 
trafficking will result in a mandatory penalty of 10 or 15 years, depending on the circumstances of the crime. There is no doubt that many of these individuals prosecuted under this bill should receive long prison sentences, but in some cases a mandatory sentence of 10 or 15 years may not be justified. 
when you consider the possible scope of defendants who could be prosecuted under the bill. Notably, the prohibition on advertising does not only apply to the sex trafficker who places the ad, or the employee who accepted the ad, but also includes those who benefit financially from the ad. 
That is all of the employees, including the receptionist or the computer guy, everybody on the payroll who might have seen the ads or read in the paper that the company publishes some illegal ads but decided to look the other way; they should be held responsible under the provisions of the bill. And many of them would certainly warrant a sentence of 15 years or even more, but not all of them. 
Madam Speaker, mandatory minimum sentences didn’t get into the criminal code at all once but one at a time, each one part of an otherwise good bill. If we expect to get rid of mandatory minimums, we have to first stop passing new ones like this. 
judge in Florida had to sentence Marissa Alexander to 20 years for firing a warning shot at her abusive boyfriend, or why some drug dealer’s girlfriend got 25 years when she had no meaningful role in his drug dealing, or why the United States has 5 percent of the world’s population but 25 percent of the world’s prisoners, they would not understand why anybody said they had to vote for a bill that further expands mandatory minimum sentences. 
for everybody on the payroll that gets caught up in this bill—that is what is in this bill. There is no discretion afforded to the judge. The sentence would have to be imposed, whether it makes any sense or not. 
Madam Speaker, if we expect to repeal mandatory minimum sentences, the first order of business is to stop passing new ones. This bill contains a new mandatory minimum that someday will require a judge to impose a sentence that violates common sense. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), 
thank the chairman of the Crime Subcommittee for his hard work on this issue, and I appreciate the time. 
growth of the Internet and smartphones have proven to be of great value in many aspects of our lives, these tools can also be used by criminals to facilitate the commercial sexual exploitation of children and other victims by providing an easy way for pimps or traffickers to market child sex trafficking victims to those who seek to do them harm. With just a click of a button, individuals can now use Web sites to advertise, schedule, and purchase sexual encounters with minors, just like they would use these services to hire a ride home. 
WAGNER from Missouri, makes a technical clarification to an existing Federal sex trafficking statute to make 
clear that the law extends to traffickers who knowingly sell sex with minors and victims of force, fraud, or coercion through advertising, as well as to people or entities that knowingly benefit from the sale or distribution of such advertising. 
While much of the growth of this terrible crime is on the Internet, this bill is technology neutral and applies to all advertising of children for sex, regardless of the medium. It is important to note that these advertisements, as with all ads and other speech promoting illegal activity, are not protected speech under the First Amendment. 
committee process both last Congress and this, and the bill was reported out of the Judiciary Committee last week by voice vote. The legislation that is on the floor today strikes the right balance by protecting victims from commercial sexual exploitation, while also ensuring that constitutional rights are respected and innocent third parties are not wrongly prosecuted. 
modernizes Federal criminal law to keep pace with the evolving trend of exploiting the Internet for criminal gains. The bill passed the House floor last Congress with wide bipartisan support but was not enacted into law. 
I commend my colleague from Missouri, Congresswoman WAGNER , for 
bill. I urge the United States Senate to take up this bill. Let’s get it signed into law by the President of the United States. It would help save our children from the horrors that people understand but do not want to see. It is good legislation. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
We started out this afternoon by saying that we join together in stopping the scourge of human trafficking and sex trafficking, and I still stand by that premise. I support the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act. I do believe that adding advertising and having the provision in the law that includes mens rea is an important protection, that there must be an intent to sell and to advertise victims of exploitation. 
This, of course, is part of a number of 
proposals that we are considering today—and we hope we are successful— to combat sex trafficking; but, as we have discussed with respect to these other bills, much more must be done to prevent sex trafficking as well as to aggressively investigate and prosecute these crimes. H.R. 285 amends the current Federal sex trafficking statute so that advertising would now be one of the prohibitive means of facilitating this type of exploitive criminal conduct. 
however, sometimes is tricky. The bill correctly recognizes the fact that sex 
traffickers increasingly obtain customers for their illegal acts through the means of mass communication, either through various forms of print media or via the Internet. Maybe they throw in the cell phone or hard line as well, but they are out to get their victim. They are out to get that child. They are out to get that young woman or young man, boy or girl, and we must stop them in their tracks. In fact, sex traffickers use generalized marketplace Web pages to advertise, as well as sites and pages devoted to advertising the availability of commercial sex. 
lives greatly, these sex traffickers are only interested in using it in the most vile manner; and they use the Internet to perpetrate heinous criminal schemes, such as the selling of minors for sex. Without question, sex traffickers who advertise their scheme should be penalized for their criminal acts. 
questions about how the advertising prohibitions under this bill would apply to online companies, I am concerned that we have a free use of that, if I might throw in a word, ‘‘net neutrality.’’ Because of this, we adopted an amendment during the Judiciary Committee’s markup last Congress and now again, in a bipartisan effort, to address such concerns. That amendment is included in the text of H.R. 285. 
with the way the Internet is, some innocent person might wind up finding things on their site that they may not have had anything to do with. We hope the standard of mens rea will help those individuals have a defense. 
raise concerns, as my colleagues have done, about the utilization, conduct, of mandatory minimums, primarily because of the vastness of the Internet, and our friends made the point that this advertising could wind up or some act could wind up on there without their knowledge. 
We know the onesizefitsall approach, which is part of the mandatory minimum approach, to criminal actions in the form of mandatory minimums has greatly contributed to our Nation’s crisis of overincarceration, and our Judiciary Committee, rightly so, has looked at this over the years. 
In the markup of this bill, the Judiciary Committee did not adopt an amendment that would have removed application of the statute’s mandatory minimum penalties and instead allow a judge to apply an appropriate sentence under the circumstances of the case up to the statute’s existing penalty, which I support enthusiastically, life in prison. 
Internet communications networks with respect to how advertisements are delivered, the role of the judge might help to carve through, to ferret out, the facts and determine the level of guilt. So authorizing life imprisonment 
is a good thing. It would allow sufficient latitude for the imposition of extremely lengthy sentences where appropriate. 
this legislation, which has a very important premise and point, that we will have the opportunity to discuss with our colleagues in the Senate to see how we can best make sure that this bill works to, in essence, target the bad guys and make sure that it does it fairly and directly, because sex trafficking, as I have always said on this floor, should be weeded out. Sex trafficking should not be. 
the mandatory minimum. I ask my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 285, the ‘‘Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act,’’ is among a number of important proposals we are considering today to combat sex trafficking. 
other bills, much more must be done to prevent sex trafficking as well as to aggressively investigate and prosecute these crimes. 
trafficking statute so that advertising would now be one of the prohibited means of facilitating this type of exploitative criminal conduct. 
sex traffickers increasingly obtain customers for their illegal acts through the means of mass communication, either through various forms of print media or via the Internet. 
In fact, sex traffickers use generalized marketplace Web pages to advertise, as well as sites and pages devoted to advertising the availability of commercial sex. 
greatly, these sex traffickers use the Internet to perpetrate heinous criminal schemes such as the selling of minors for sex. 
Without question, sex traffickers who advertise their schemes should be penalized for their criminal acts, while I recognize that some have raised questions about how the advertising prohibitions under this bill would apply to online companies. 
during the Judiciary Committee’s markup last Congress to help address such concerns. That amendment is included in the text of H.R. 285. 
current form because it would subject yet another category of conduct to mandatory minimum sentences. 
sometimes are not appropriate based on the facts of a particular case. A onesizefitsall approach to criminal actions in the form of mandatory minimums has greatly contributed to our Nation’s crisis of overincarceration. 
In the markup of this bill, the Judiciary Committee declined to adopt an amendment that would have removed application of the statute’s mandatory minimum penalties and instead allow a judge to apply an appropriate sentence—under the circumstances of the case—up to the statute’s existing maximum penalty of life in prison. 
communications networks with respect to how advertisements are delivered, the role of the judge in evaluating each case is particularly important. 
allow sufficient latitude for the imposition of extremely lengthy sentences—when appropriate. 
minimum sentences, I must oppose the bill that we consider today. 
By voting ‘‘no,’’ the House will allow the Judiciary Committee time to fix this serious flaw. 
must ask my colleagues to oppose the bill today so that we may consider a better bill dealing with this aspect of sex trafficking in the near future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ), 
I am an avid supporter of the Internet; I have been one since the late 1970s. However, there is a dark side to the Internet. There are back pages out there and Web sites that have a business model to make money off of exploiting child sex slaves, advertising child sex slaves. 
tools they need to investigate and prosecute those who advertise the victims of sex trafficking. This bill advances a compelling government and humanitarian interest to protect our children from those who seek to buy and sell them like products. This bill makes it illegal to knowingly profit from the distribution of advertising that offers a commercial sex act in violation of section 1591 of the Federal criminal code, which deals with the sex trafficking offense. 
The SAVE Act doesn’t seek to restrict the free, legitimate exchange of information and ideas. I heard some of my colleagues on the other side—the gentleman from Georgia and others— express concern about innocent employees of Web sites or sites like Google that may accidentally index one of these sites or somebody who has an online forum on their Web site and somebody makes an offtopic post. That is why we added the word ‘‘knowingly.’’ I want the legislative history of this bill to show that ‘‘knowingly’’ is important. They have got to know that they are advertising for victims of human trafficking. 
It was carefully crafted so that legitimate Internet companies and legitimate Web sites are protected, but it is absolutely critical that we go after those who are trafficking in persons and advertising and profiting off of it. They absolutely need to be held accountable. 
Amendment right to freedom of speech is fundamental, especially on the Internet, and that was one of the guiding principles of creating this. Less regulation of the Internet, low regulation of the Internet is important, but there are some things you have got to draw the line on. Profiting off of advertising or profiting at all from child sex trafficking is unacceptable, and this law fixes that to the best of our ability 
I am proud to work with my colleague from Missouri, Representative WAGNER , in working to combat this 
I would ask the gentleman from Wisconsin, the chairman, if he has any further speakers. 
I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ). 
would like to thank Chairman S ENSEN BRENNER , Congresswoman W AGNER , and 
all the other Members for their hard work on this important legislation put forward last night and today to combat human trafficking. 
form of slavery, and it is devastating lives across the country. In Arizona’s Second Congressional District, a lack of resources to identify victims, prevent instances of trafficking, and prosecute those who participate leads to many young girls and boys being victimized by these traffickers. 
I spoke very recently with Jerry Peyton, the founder of an organization called Sold No More, dedicated to ending trafficking in Tucson, Arizona. Jerry experienced the devastation of trafficking firsthand in his own family. His daughter Lisa, who was a high school honors student, ran away from home after the death of her boyfriend, where she quickly was preyed upon by traffickers and forced into smuggling and prostitution. Jerry found his daughter living with five men who ran a drug ring and was able to rescue her, yet the police never apprehended the men who victimized Lisa. The only police record of this innocent reads: ‘‘A juvenile returned to the custody of her parents.’’ 
Jerry’s family’s experiences highlight the growing need for resources to train law enforcement to identify and respond to instances of trafficking. He told me that in Pima County there is not a single law enforcement officer in any agency dedicated fulltime to the trafficking issue. 
Before 2010, there had not been a single case of sex trafficking in Pima County, despite arrests for prostitution that treat victims like criminals. When they place online ads in back pages for clearly young victims, within 24 hours, there are 100 calls that come in looking to exploit these victims. This is wrong. 
trafficking by changing the perception of trafficking victims. It is estimated that only about 10 percent of those trafficked in our country have come across the border. The overwhelming majority are runaways and vulnerable 
These are our neighbors being trafficked in our communities, not some distant faroff place. Under the surface of our communities, sex trafficking is a prevalent and devastating reality. Widelyattended events like the Super Bowl coming up in Glendale, Arizona, or the annual gem show in Tucson act as a magnet for traffickers and, unfortunately, their victims. 
It is critical that we pass this bill to 
prosecute all offenders who victimize and participate and advertise, including online, in the trafficking of children. We also must support efforts to raise awareness and educate those who work in law enforcement, health care, child protective services, and elsewhere to prevent all trafficking, give law enforcement the tools they need to be proactive, and care for the victims after they have been rescued. 
other bills put forward to combat human trafficking, and I urge support from my colleagues. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). 
Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to rise and discuss this issue briefly. It just came to me last week when my 13 yearold daughter turned 14 and I looked at her and have seen her with her friends, just the scourge, the horrendous things that are done to these young ladies, whether it is here or internationally. 
I was brought back to a visit I had 
last year to an organization called WAR, Women At Risk International, in my district, the Second District of Michigan, where they are trying to use civilian first responders to identify those signs of trafficking to make sure that those aren’t those police reports saying ‘‘minor returned to parent’’ and that they are able to utilize the things that they see or suspect as a way of pulling those girls out of those situations. 
sure that this body pursues this issue, and I commend all of our colleagues who have dealt with this as we are trying to create these circles of protection and hope around these women and children that are in this horrible situation. 
Madam Speaker, I commend everybody for this legislation, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
in closing, I yield myself such time as I might consume. 
bills so far, and we are getting ready to offer two others that all speak to this very devastating impact on our children—human trafficking and sex trafficking. I think the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act, H.R. 285, does focus on a particular niche that is heinous. 
they are tech savvy, and they easily can become victims of an attractive site or attractive sounds and music, so I think this legislation, again, pinpoints a very serious issue. 
The bill is an amendment of an existing legislation that includes a mens rea. There must be intent; but we do know, in the course of legislation, we have the opportunity to make sure that what we do does meet the test of getting those who are truly the perpetrators. 
I would hope as this bill moves to the 
Senate, as we recognize the importance of this legislation, we, again, be reminded that one size does not often fit all and that judges can rightly have discretion to a sentence of life. 
legislation so that we can have a comprehensive approach to legislative bills that have been on the floor today to attack head on, if you will, those who prey on our children, young men and women, people who find themselves lost with no place to go and become the serious victims of child pornography, sex trafficking, and human trafficking. As Members, we know that, many times, the entire life of that individual is changed forever. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
an hour and a half today talking about how bad this problem is. The two previous bills were passed unanimously by voice vote. 
against the current bill. One is that the net might be too broad. That has been responded emphatically by putting a ‘‘knowingly’’ standard in so that somebody who is innocent will not be caught up if an advertisement for sex trafficking appears without their knowledge. 
The second is the philosophical debate on mandatory minimum sentences. I think there are some crimes where there ought to be a mandatory minimum sentence. I know many of my colleagues sincerely disagree with that, but believe me, advertising kids— minor kids—for sex should be something that puts you in jail for some time. 
I am glad this bill allows for life sentences in case of egregious offenses, but I think that even in ones that might be less than egregious, spending some time in jail will show this country and maybe others who may be tempted to get involved in this horrific business that if you are caught, you are going to spend some time. 
support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 285. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 181) to provide justice for the victims of trafficking, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for 
Section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended— 
General may make grants to eligible entities to develop, improve, or expand comprehensive domestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and prosecuting offenses involving child human trafficking. 
specialized training programs for law enforcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal networks involved in child human trafficking; and 
safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecution of victims of child human trafficking for prostitution offenses; 
dedicated antichild human trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue victims, including— 
for law enforcement officers, including patrol officers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the 
officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage cooperation with law enforcement investigations of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
shelter service providers with substantial experience in delivering services to victims of child human trafficking; 
problem solving court programs for child human trafficking victims that include— 
victims’ services programs for victims of child human trafficking, which offer services including— 
submit an application to the Attorney General for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
eligible entity has received during the 5year period prior to the date of the submission of an application under this section; 
and assurances as the Attorney General determines to be necessary to ensure compliance with the requirements of this section. 
State or unit of local government to continue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
shall be renewable not more than 3 times and for a period of not greater than 1 year. 
shall enter into a contract or other agreement with an academic or nonprofit organization that has experience in issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct an annual evaluation of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effectiveness of programs funded with grants awarded under this section, and shall submit any such evaluation to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. 
eligible entity that receives a grant under this section is subject to the requirements of section 10 of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2014. 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section may not exceed— 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; and 
Human Services’’ and inserting ‘‘Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services,’’; and 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, may make grants to develop and implement specialized programs to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornography.’’. 
following: ‘‘section 1581 (peonage; obstructing enforcement), section 1584 (sale into involuntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’; and 
following: ‘‘section 1592 (unlawful conduct with respect to documents in furtherance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’; and 
trafficking, offenses pertaining to child pornography, child sexual abuse, coercion and enticement of children,’’ after ‘‘kidnapping,’’. 
a photograph taken within the previous 180 days’’ after ‘‘dental records’’; 
and Exploited Children of each report received relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution; and’’. 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that all task forces and working groups within the Violent Crimes Against Children Program engage in activities, programs, or operations to increase the investigative capabilities of State and local law enforcement officers in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of persons who patronize, or solicit children for sex. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a preponderance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’. 
2015, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of covered grantees to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of such funds. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of covered grantees to be audited each year. 
of the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the covered grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
in its application for such a grant, as a condition of receipt of such a grant, the compensation of its officers, directors, and trustees. Such disclosure shall include a description of the criteria relied upon to determine such compensation. 
shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this subsection. 
under a covered grant program may not be used by any covered grantee to— 
Government or a State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. 
the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b). 
and 214A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002, 13003). 
means an audit report finding in a final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that a covered grantee has used grant funds awarded to that grantee under a covered grant program for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved during the 12month period beginning on the date on which the final audit report is issued. 
the judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
Court of the District of Columbia, the District of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
‘district court’ and ‘court’ include the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
victim of trafficking for the purpose of engaging in a commercial sex act with that person, are committing a human trafficking offense under Federal law; 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent residents who are victims of severe forms of trafficking to obtain an official certification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the specialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protections to which they are otherwise entitled.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) and the gentlewoman 
ask unanimous consent that all Members might have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials to H.R. 181, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I 
today, we are dealing with a very important and critical issue in America. It seems, however, that the Super Bowl is coming up this weekend. 
seem to be concerned more about the disappearance of air in footballs than they are about the disappearance of America’s greatest resource: our children—children that are being trafficked throughout the United States, bought and sold for sexual assault. 
it is a crime here in America. Unfortunately, my hometown of Houston, Texas, is one of the hubs for trafficking because of its location. 
passed yesterday and bills that will come up today—and hopefully all will pass—that deal with this scourge and slavery that is taking place in America. 
committee, Mr. GOODLATTE from Virginia; and also the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. SENSENBRENNER ; 
LEE; and also the former ranking member, B OBBY SCOTT, for their work on 
these types of legislation that came up last year. Because the Senate didn’t 
The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, I am glad to be the original sponsor, but I am also thankful that my friend, CAROLYN MALONEY  
from New York, who has been working on trafficking issues long before I was ever in Congress, is the original cosponsor on the Democrat side. 
more bipartisan than a New York liberal Democrat and a conservative Republican from Texas. We are just separated by a common language. Other than that, we get along quite well, especially on this issue. 
her mother was ill in the hospital. Her care was then entrusted to a nanny; but protecting her was not what the nanny had in mind. Instead of taking care of Brooke and making sure that she was healthy and safe, the nanny sold her into sex slavery. She was a trafficking victim. She was 7. 
victims, Brooke was also a victim of child pornography. She was subjected to the most sadistic forms of abuse. She was 7. All she wanted to do was be safe. 
Stories like Brooke’s and other survivors’ make it clear that human trafficking is quite serious. It is occurring with the most vulnerable group of Americans: young children. I have four kids, three daughters. I have 11 grandkids; seven of them are granddaughters. We all believe, I think, the greatest resource of America is our youth, and their lives and their souls are being stolen every day for money, for filthy lucre. 
it happens across the seas, and it is all about money. I understand that the greatest criminal enterprise for money is drug trafficking, but close behind is the sex slave trafficking. 
Why is sex slavery such a moneymaker? Well, unlike drugs that are sold one time, children are sold numerous times. As our friend, KRISTI NOEM, of 
South Dakota mentioned earlier, children sometimes are sold up to 50 times a day, Madam Speaker. 
Plus, the consequences for the criminals is not as great as the consequences for drug smugglers, and the risk of apprehension is not as great. This bill tries to deal with all three entities that are involved in sex trafficking. There is the trafficker, the slave master; there is the consumer, the child abuser; and then there is the child— they are victims of crime, and the American social conscience needs to change to understand these children are not criminals, and they are not prostitutes. They are children that are victims of slavery. We need to change that conscience, and we need to change it legally as well. 
times, they see a child on the street; they arrest the child for child prostitution and file a juvenile crime case against that individual. Many times, 
they don’t have a place to take the child. 
shelters in the United States. I got one of my three Dalmatians from an animal shelter. We need those animal shelters, but there are less than 300 beds for child sex trafficking victims. Why is that? There is no answer, except we need to deal with it. 
rescued child, except they put them in the criminal justice system, which is not a good thing. It doesn’t help the child at all recover, even though everybody knows that the child is a victim. We need places to take children. We need to treat those children like victims of crime. 
rescue and restores victims of crime. On the other end, the slave master, well, it punishes them. As Chairman SENSENBRENNER said, life sentences are 
appropriate for some people, and that is quite appropriate, at least a minimum sentence of life, and that is what this bill does as well. 
the consumer. Those men—primarily— are the child molesters. They are child abusers, and for too long, society has kind of looked at that situation as, ‘‘Oh, well, boys will be boys.’’ 
The days of ‘‘boys being boys’’ is over in America, and this law will go after the consumer. We need to know who they are. You talk about photographs on the Internet, their photographs ought to be on the Internet after they are convicted, but the law goes and punishes them as well. 
It gives law enforcement, child welfare, health care officials, and others who will come in contact with victims training. It also clarifies some State and Federal wiretap laws. It allows law enforcement officials the flexibility to obtain warrants in all Federal human trafficking investigations so that they are better able to follow evidence and target criminal networks, because there are networks throughout the country that are taking children and selling them every night. 
to reduce the demand by putting the demand behind bars, where they belong. Girls are not property; they are little girls. And the same is true of boys who are being trafficked in the United States as well. 
and clarifies the Trafficking Victims Protection Act by making it clear for judges, juries, prosecutors, and law enforcement that criminals who purchase sex acts from trafficked victims should be a priority and be prosecuted. That is why we build prisons, for people like that—the demand and the traffickers. 
So I am encouraged by the tremendous support in the House on these 12 bills, bipartisan bills, coming up. And I do want to commend the ladies of the 
House who have been the ones—on both sides of the aisle—advocating and making sure that this legislation comes to 
Trafficking Act will be a major step toward ridding our country of modern day slavery. Brooke and her mother have worked through Brooke’s issues after she was trafficked at 7. They are working together. She has been rescued and restored, and she is an advocate for better legislation and protection of children like she was when she was trafficked. But the message is, Madam Speaker, our children are not for sale, period. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
tone again for the vigorousness of the bipartisanship around what all of us want, which is to, in essence, cut out the cancers of human trafficking and sex trafficking. 
POE, Judge P OE, a Texan whose language I can fully understand, as well as his partner, Congresswoman MALONEY . 
Over the years, she has championed the rights of women and the empowerment of our children: what a great partnership, Judge POEand Congresswoman 
them in my commitment to fighting human trafficking and sex trafficking in supporting H.R. 181, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2014, marked up in the Judiciary Committee. Many amendments were accepted, and so this bill has a holistic approach. 
I am also glad that we did not run 
away from this issue in Houston, as we convened a hearing that I called for with my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to openly and forthrightly listen to law enforcement, people who had been victimized, adults who are still suffering from what had happened to them as a child. This hearing was held in March. It was a field hearing, titled, ‘‘Combating Human Trafficking in Our Major Cities.’’ It was a fitting venue because, regrettably, Houston has been noted as a human trafficking hub in the United States. But it was the important contributions of my colleagues, many on the floor today, who added to the record to begin to craft or to continue to work on important legislation such as the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. I am glad that we are here again to move it so it can ultimately be signed by the President of the United States. 
from Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials regarding an operation the day before in which they discovered and rescued 115 from a packed, rancid stash house in south Harris County. It was not completely vetted as to whether or not all of the individuals in the stash house or some of the 
human trafficking or sex trafficking. I would venture to say that their future would not be a future worthy of promoting. Ninetynine of those victims were men, 16 were women, one of whom was pregnant, and 19 others were juveniles. You wonder what would happen to the juveniles. 
I went to that stash house. It was a 
terrible scene. All of them had been kidnapped and smuggled into the United States. And as previously said, human trafficking, sex trafficking, is a great business for those who are of that kind of vile mind because they can use them and use them and use juveniles over and over again, some of whom, however, have been driven to such low ends of the Earth, meaning the victims, that their life is ruined. Some have probably been driven to suicide. 
Trafficking of any human being, especially domestic child trafficking, has no place in civilized society. The term ‘‘slavery’’ has often been used. And it is true that slavery exists around the world. We need to ensure that State and local law enforcement agencies have the tools, resources, and training necessary to identify, apprehend, and prosecute criminals who ruthlessly traffic in children. 
worst imaginable trauma, and as a result, they require and are deserving of comprehensive and tailored services to assist in their recovery. We need to ensure that funding is in place to provide for such comprehensive services. This bill is an essential step toward combating the crisis of domestic minor sex trafficking and helping survivors begin their lives anew. Throughout this afternoon, we have said that they have to have an opportunity to change their lives. 
While the rescue of trafficking victims is necessary, so is the prosecution of traffickers. While we habitually refer to those who solicit commercial sex acts from minors as ‘‘customers’’ and ‘‘johns,’’ and I have said this before on the floor, the cold, hard fact is that these people are nothing more than child rapists. We need to stop being polite and call them what they are—child rapists. Let us not let them hide behind polite names such as ‘‘john,’’ particularly when they prey on our children. 
existing statute, title 18 U.S.C. section 1591, to cover the acts of patronizing and soliciting. Therefore, the specifications of the terms ‘‘patronize’’ and ‘‘solicit’’ in this bill simply clarify and emphasize the fact that these actions are actually covered. 
already criminally liable under the language contained in the original text of section 1591. Under this legislation, a child rapist will no longer be able to find refuge in any jurisdiction. This bill will also promote the coordination of investigations among Federal, State, and local law enforcement and enhance reporting data for missing children— 
everything that the witnesses at the March 2014 hearing told us call for this. 
that this bill emphasizes the local, State, and Federal collaboration. As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, which is what the hearing was held under, under the auspices of the Homeland Security Committee, we recognize that is part of the threat to national security. The utilizing of our children, the victimizing of our children, the coopting of our children, the soliciting of our children, and this bill gets right at the target. 
Human trafficking is the second fastest growing criminal industry in the world, generating over $32 billion annually. This bill is the most comprehensive piece of legislation to deal with this problem over the years, and it is a great foundation to continue to build, to weed out every nuance, every person hiding behind the rock who is dealing in sex trafficking and human trafficking. 
For years, we have labeled child victims of sex trafficking as prostitutes and juvenile delinquents rather than the victims that they are. We have seen runaways and we have condemned them for being a runaway, but we don’t know the horrible stories and what they have experienced. They are victims of criminal conduct, and we need to treat them that way—not prostitutes, not juvenile delinquents. 
This bill recognizes and treats victims as victims, provides for more services and shelters for them, and provides resources to law enforcement, child welfare, health care officials, and others who will come into contact with them. 
Center for Missing and Exploited Children, which I have associated with throughout my entire time in the House of Representatives, early on raised the clarion call that we must do something about these exploited and missing children. I know that they are celebrating as we have been on the floor talking about human trafficking and sex trafficking. 
that the Judiciary Committee saw fit to adopt section 11 in H.R. 181, the Jackson Lee amendment, which expresses a sense of Congress that human trafficking has no place in a civilized society and that perpetrators of such vile acts should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, and we can build on this for finding those who may be thinking that they are squeezing outside the law. 
combating global trafficking throughout the world, the United States must hold all nations to the same standards by which we hold ourselves. The demand for commercial sex is a primary cause of the human rights violation of human trafficking. Elimination of that violation requires elimination of that demand. I am glad that we are here confronting it headon, and I ask my 
181, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015.’’ 
2014, the Homeland Security Committee, of which I am a member, held a field hearing titled, ‘‘Combatting Human Trafficking in Our Major Cities,’’ in my home city of Houston. It was a fitting venue because, regrettably, Houston is a human trafficking hub of the United States. 
heard testimony from Federal, state and local law enforcement officials regarding an operation the day before during which they discovered and rescued 115 people from a packed, rancid stash house in south Harris County. 99 of those victims were men, 16 were women, one of whom was pregnant, and 19 were juveniles. All of them had been kidnapped and smuggled into the United States. 
domestic child trafficking, has no place in civilized society. We need to ensure that state and local law enforcement agencies have the tools, resources, and training necessary to identify, apprehend, and prosecute criminals who ruthlessly traffic in children. 
imaginable trauma, and as a result, they require and are deserving of comprehensive and tailored services to assist in their recovery. We need to ensure that funding is in place to provide for such comprehensive services. This bill is an essential step toward combatting the crisis of domestic minor sex trafficking and helping survivors begin their lives anew. 
necessary, so is the prosecution of traffickers. And while we habitually refer to those who solicit commercial sex acts from minors as ‘‘customers’’ and ‘‘johns,’’ the cold, hard fact is that these people are nothing more than ‘‘child rapists.’’ We need to stop being polite and call them what they are—‘‘child rapists’’! 
statute, Title 18 United States Code, section 1591, to cover the acts of patronizing and soliciting. Therefore, the specifications of the terms ‘‘patronizing’’ and ‘‘solicit’’ in this bill simply clarify and emphasize the fact that these actions are actually covered. 
in the original section 1591. Under this legislation, child rapists will find no refuge in any jurisdiction. This bill will also promote the coordination of investigations among federal, state and local law enforcement and enhance reporting data for missing children—everything that the witnesses at the March 2014 Houston field hearing called for. 
growing criminal industry in the world, generating over $32 billion annually. This bill is the most comprehensive piece of legislation to deal with that problem in years. 
sex trafficking as prostitutes and juvenile delinquents rather than as the victims they are. They are victims of criminal conduct, and we need to treat them that way. This bill recognizes that and treats victims as victims, provides for more services and shelters for them, 
child welfare, healthcare officials and others who will come into contact with these victims. 
that the Judiciary Committee saw fit to adopt as Section 11 of H.R. 181 the Jackson Lee Amendment which expresses the Sense of Congress that human trafficking has no place in a civilized society and that perpetrators of such vile acts should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. 
combatting human trafficking throughout the world, the United States must hold all nations to the same standards to which we hold ourselves. The demand for commercial sex is a primary cause of the human right violation of human trafficking. Elimination of that violation requires the elimination of that demand. 
global horrors of human trafficking as recently as last evening during a meeting with the Prime Minister of Jamaica. Last year Jamaica improved its position in the U.S. State Department’s Annual Trafficking in Persons (‘‘TIP’’) Report after it passed amendments to its Trafficking in Persons Act. Those amendments stipulated harsher penalties for offenders with penalties of up to 30 years. 
Despite this new legislation, Jamaican children subjected to sex trafficking in the country’s sex trade remains a serious problem with reports of sex trafficking of children and adults occurring on streets and in night clubs, bars, and private homes. The Jamaican government realizes that it must move more vigorously to not only prosecute, convict and punish trafficking offenders, but to also identify, and assist more victims. 
for the United States to hold all nations to the same standard to which we hold ourselves, it is also entirely proper for the United States to lend assistance to those nations that may lack the resources needed to effectively combat Human Trafficking. I hope that we will give consideration to providing such assistance in future antihuman trafficking legislation. 
Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for working together to address a point raised by an amendment that Rep. POEoffered and 
withdrew during the bill’s markup. The changes that were made to the bill as a result of that collaborative work yielded some real improvements to the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who has made it a priority to stop, to combat the scourge of human trafficking by bringing numerous bills before the Judiciary Committee. 
first want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for his long dedication to addressing this very serious problem and for yielding me this time. 
Few nightmares equal the terrible reality that thousands of American children awake to each day. Held against their will, before the day is out, they will be forced to share perhaps a dozen strangers’ beds and be subjected to arbitrary violence for any real or imagined infraction. 
fastest growing criminal enterprises in our country, and we must update our laws to combat it. H.R. 181, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, is a targeted effort to deploy our law enforcement and social resources against the worst offenders: those who sexually exploit children and other vulnerable victims. 
Rather than simply increasing penalties, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act directly aids the survivors of this crime. The bill creates a comprehensive, victimcentered grant program to train law enforcement, rescue exploited children, prosecute traffickers, and restore the lives of victims. The bill also streamlines existing law enforcement tools by providing that child advocacy centers can and should use their resources to help victims of trafficking and other types of child exploitation. 
H.R. 181 clarifies that State prosecutors may obtain wiretaps, pursuant to a showing of probable cause, for trafficking and other child sex crimes. Additionally, the bill adds several of the Federal antislavery statutes as Federal wiretap predicates—something that should have been done a long time ago. 
police the same investigatory tools they would have if these criminal gangs sold drugs or stolen property instead of sex with children and other victims. 
men who purchase these children’s innocence will be held to the same standard as those who make it available for sale, and hold sex traffickers accountable by increasing the standard for claiming an affirmative defense by requiring defendants to show by clear and convincing evidence that they believed the victim to be 18 years of age or older. 
than to protect the innocent children of this Nation. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, introduced by my friend and colleague Judge POE, is a 
critical step toward banishing human trafficking to where it belongs—the realm of nightmares. 
Please join me in supporting this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. 
worked unceasingly on empowering the most vulnerable, particularly in her work on empowering women, vulnerable women around the world, providing them rights, and, of course, the work she has done in collaboration with Congressman POEand our committee in her work on this bill. 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague for her leadership and for yielding to me. 
and Democratic leadership for bringing to the floor a large number of bipartisan bills to address the problem of human trafficking. I particularly want to thank Judge POEfor his enlightened 
leadership. He has brought an informed, intelligent, effective focus on this crime, and he has brought new momentum that is helping this country address this issue. 
I thank the bipartisan Women’s Caucus that has made this goal, this common goal of attacking the exploitation of children as a joint priority for our caucus and for this Congress. 
Human Trafficking Awareness Week, and this modernday form of slavery happens all across the world. We don’t like to admit it, but it is happening right here in America. It is happening in our small cities, our big cities, every State, every race, creed, and color. 
by some accounts, there are as many as 2 million minors trafficked within the U.S. alone. When they have missing children reports, many of the parents believe their children have been stolen into sex trafficking. Most of these child victims who are sextrafficked are United States citizens or are here legally in the United States. 
pointed out, is the fastest growing crime and the third largest criminal activity in the world, but unlike drugs and guns that are sold only once, human lives can be sold repeatedly over and over and over again until their lives are shattered and destroyed. It destroys lives and comes with a huge social and economic cost. 
be for sale in America—not now, not ever. Our children should not be for sale, but they are for sale under the guise of human traffickers and pimps. 
the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. As a former judge and a former prosecutor, he knows firsthand how damaging this crime is to the lives of our young people—and it involves young boys, too—and how difficult it is to get a conviction. His knowledge in this area is tremendously appreciated, and his knowledge is in this bill. I thank him for having been the key author on it and for his passion and hard work on it. 
supports law enforcement training and prosecution of sex trafficking crimes, and it creates a domestic trafficking victims fund within the Treasury Department to support critically needed services for victims. 
there is no treatment. Many trafficked women tell me they get saved, but then they are put in a park with no place to go, and the traffickers come up and try to get them back into it. 
of others by going after their wallets. It targets the demand side: the child abusers, the child molesters. 
through fines levied on those convicted of child pornography, human trafficking, child prostitution, sexual exploitation, and human smuggling offenses. 
York. The bill also makes it clear that it is not the victim who is sold and exploited who is the criminal. The criminal is the john, the child abuser who solicits a minor or a trafficker who puts a woman or man out on the street to be bought and sold. 
only to the victims, but to society at large. Last May, this House passed this bill in total agreement, and I urge the Senate to follow it and pass it also. It is time to help the survivors get the resources they need to rebuild their lives and to punish the evildoers who purchase and sell these innocent children. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). 
thank Judge P OEfor his great leadership in this very important area. It is so encouraging to see the bipartisan commitment. Thank you, Congresswoman LEEand Congresswoman M ALONEY, for your strong support. 
perception that human trafficking was a concern found in other parts of the world, certainly not in North Carolina. After talking to our law enforcement, I found out that North Carolina was within the top 10 States for human trafficking. 
take care of our own in our own region and hosted a meeting for public officials, church leaders at the Billy Graham Center. We brought in wonderful organizations, Compassion to Act, Justice & Mercy, Neet’s Sweets, and others who have been there on behalf of these women. 
that we can provide safety, security, a safe haven for these precious young girls that have been brought into slavery. 
tragic issues plaguing our world today. Nearly 21 million human beings are living in modernday slavery, including domestic servitude, forced labor, and sex work. As a nation, we have both a moral and a constitutional obligation to protect the most vulnerable in our society from this horrific exploitation. 
today to join in supporting the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 presented by Congressman POE. We need to ensure that we can provide to 
these young, domestic human trafficking victims the support that they need. 
devote ourselves to raising awareness of this heinous crime and passing legislation to take significant steps toward the eradication of trafficking, both domestically and abroad. 
Awareness Month draws to a close, our dedication must not waver. I thank the chairman for his leadership, and I thank my colleagues for their support. 
will close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
we are in the national month acknowledging and recognizing the gravity of human trafficking, and I believe that it calls upon us to stand by the most vulnerable who really can’t help themselves. 
the demand for commercial sex is a primary cause of the human rights violation of human trafficking, so eliminating that violation requires the elimination of the demand. 
a number of Members have said, is the violence that goes along with sex trafficking and human trafficking, the violence that goes along when some entity—a person called a pimp, which is an oldtime term, really becomes an abuser, a violent abuser and abuses the frail, small body of a little girl or boy because they really haven’t risen to the occasion, provided them with their daily infusion of dollars to continue to do their dastardly work. 
floor, we are not alone here in the United States. For those of us who met the victims of sex trafficking and human trafficking around the world, we understand that America’s standards will help others. 
doing today and the underlying bill is that we set a standard that the world can look at, that we are not going to tolerate or be sufferers of the abuse of little children. 
success story spoken about by the Prime Minister of Jamaica, relating their economic success, she was willing to talk about Jamaica’s concerted effort at fighting human trafficking. 
that trafficker to move from one place to the next, here was a leader of government acknowledging the scourge of human trafficking and that Jamaican children were suffering and subjected to sex trafficking and that it remains a serious problem, but we are going to fight it. 
you would think that an island that is very much dependent on tourism and entertainment would not have that calling and that cause; but, yes, the fight is spreading. I believe the Jamaican Government 
should be congratulated, and I ask other governments to take heed of the underlying legislation, rise to the standard, be part of the total elimination of cutting into the lives of children, of little boys, of little girls, of cutting them off from any kind of aspirations and hope that they could ever have. 
it, but we know the story of the three women that were held for a period of time in our own Nation. Some started out as children. When they were ultimately found, they were women. One cannot help note that the violence that they described was a vile sex trafficking, human trafficking episode. We don’t know how many around the Nation that are today, as we stand on the floor of the House, suffering. 
and committee staff on both sides of the aisle to help address this issue, and as well, I am glad that this particular legislation will set a standard that this dastardly series of acts will not be suffered by any human being not only in this Nation, but around the world. 
the Chair as to how much time is left on this side? 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gentleman has 51⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. Speaker, there were a lot of different entities involved in bringing this and other pieces of legislation to the House floor. 
throughout the United States, small and large, that are determined to stop human trafficking, and I want to thank all of them for their input into this cause and this legislation. I call them the victims’ posse. They have rounded up and made sure that we are going to deal with this important issue. 
the House who are cosponsors of this bill, especially CAROLYN MALONEY , my 
friend from New York, and her tenacious work on this and other pieces of legislation. 
House because many times, when they go back home on this specific issue, as mentioned by my friend Ms. JACKSON  
LEEfrom Texas, they are holding public forums and hearings about this crime of human trafficking. In fact, there is another one in my district this weekend in Houston. 
bringing public awareness to this horrible situation; but not all is gloom, doom, and despair, Mr. Speaker, because of this legislation and other pieces of legislation, but more importantly, the moral will of the House and I think of America is to get a grip on this slavery. 
against a person, especially a child, we call it sexual assault, but it is really rape. It is rape, Mr. Speaker, of children. A rapist commits that crime to try to destroy that person, destroy their identity, destroy their selfworth, to steal their soul. That is what rapists do. 
this case or solve these cases as best we can, by preventing them from occurring, by going after those rapists, going after the trafficker, and rescuing the most precious thing we have in our country, which is our children. We are not going to allow the situation where America’s children are bartered and sold on the marketplace for sexual assault. Those days are going to be over. 
brought this bill to the floor, both sides, and I ask that the House of Representatives vote unanimously on this legislation. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
question is will the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 181, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 460) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015’’. 
Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Department personnel that the Secretary considers appropriate, how to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking, and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking, during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities; and 
approach a suspected victim of human trafficking, where appropriate, in a manner that is sensitive to the suspected victim and is not likely to alert a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking; 
particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training perform their official duties; 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to the appropriate congressional committees the overall effectiveness of the program required by this Act, the number of cases reported by Department personnel in which human trafficking was suspected and, of those cases, the number of cases that were confirmed cases of such trafficking. 
The Secretary may provide training curricula to any State, local, or tribal government or private organization to assist such entity in establishing its program of training to identify human trafficking, upon request from such entity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 460, 
objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 460, the Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015, the first bill I have introduced as a Member of Congress. 
promising to protect the people of this great country. I am convinced that part of this high calling is protecting those who are victims of human trafficking. 
top State for labor and sex trafficking. This insidious industry is in our own backyard and, unfortunately, it is growing. Just last week, in my own district, local officials announced the formation of the Alamance County AntiHuman Trafficking Advocacy Council to respond to the growing human trafficking problem throughout Alamance County. However, they cannot do it alone, and we must come together to stop this unconscionable industry. 
on Homeland Security, I feel strongly that the men and the women of the Department of Homeland Security have a crucial role in preventing human trafficking. Up to an estimated 17,500 people are trafficked each year into the United States, and many of these victims will pass by either Border Patrol or TSA. We must make certain that these agents are properly trained in the current trends and practices to end human trafficking. 
the Department of Homeland Security to train Transportation Security Administration, Customs and Border Protection, and other relevant DHS personnel to counter human trafficking in a manner specific to their professional roles and responsibilities. 
The bill also ensures that such training will be assessed by the Secretary of Homeland Security on an annual basis so that it is based on the most current human trafficking trends and intelligence and directs the Secretary to report to Congress on the number of suspected cases reported by the DHS officials. 
the critical role that State and local authorities play in preventing human trafficking by authorizing the Department of Homeland Security to make training curricula available to State, local, tribal, and private sector partners. 
Homeland Security, human trafficking is one of the most profitable forms of transnational crime in the world, second only to drug trafficking. It is incumbent upon Congress to take action 
and ensure that DHS personnel are better equipped to prevent this serious threat and this modernday form of slavery. 
Act of 2015 builds on the good work already under way at DHS by mandating positionspecific, relevant training to enable effective trafficking countermeasures at points of entry, transit hubs, and other highrisk locations across the country. 
MEADOWS for developing and championing this legislation in the 113th Congress and for working with me to reintroduce the measure in this Congress. 
the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, Mr. MCCAUL, for 
his work on this important issue and for his support of this bill, as well as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, Mr. KATKO , 
the bill’s cosponsors, including North Carolina’s own ALMA ADAMS , ROBERT  
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I indicated this afternoon was an important afternoon. I thank the gentleman for his legislation and his leadership, and I add my appreciation of the ranking member of the Homeland Security Committee, Mr. THOMPSON , and, as well, the ranking 
member of the Judiciary Committee, who previously did four bills, Mr. CONYERS . It seems that we are having bipartisan support on a very important crisis in our Nation and around the world. 
administration is cracking down on traffickers, charging a record number of perpetrators. We are deploying new technology in the fight against human trafficking, developing the Federal Government’s firstever strategic action plan to strengthen victim services and strengthening protections against human trafficking in Federal contracts. During the past year, the White House has hosted events on combating human trafficking, bringing together leaders from every sector of society. Together, we came up with new ideas to fight trafficking at the national and grassroots levels. 
rise to strongly support it, H.R. 460, is the Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015. This is a great partnership between Homeland Security, the committee which I am a senior member on, and Judiciary to fight against human trafficking. In particular, this bill has a very important purpose because our Homeland Security personnel are in our airports and ports, they are along our borders, they are the eyes and ears, 
they are the first responders. It is crucial that this bill is effectively working with personnel to train, to deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities and for other work. 
This is a very good idea. Human trafficking is not only a crime but also a horrible violation of human rights. Human trafficking is often a hidden crime. Victims of human trafficking may be afraid to come forward and get help because they may be forced or coerced. They may fear retribution or they might not have control over their documents. 
According to the most recent estimate from the Department of State, approximately 600,000 to 800,000 people are trafficked across global borders each year. 
Justice, Houston, Texas, is one of the Nation’s largest hubs in human trafficking. There are over 200 active brothels in Houston and more strip clubs and illicit spas than Las Vegas. These businesses serve as fronts for sex trafficking. 
Let me be very clear. This is not a 
condemnation of my city. This is a recognition that every single elected person; local, county, and State government; and our law enforcement are working every day and we are being successful, in essence, in shutting down strip clubs, illicit spas, and others. 
high levels of trafficking throughout the Nation and in Texas are proximity, demographics, and a large migrant labor population. Houston’s proximity to the Mexican border, I–10, a highway running crosscountry through Houston, and the port make it a popular point. But that is not solely the site of human trafficking. As my colleague has mentioned, it is everywhere. It is a national problem. Therefore, our Homeland Security personnel, thank goodness, will now have the opportunity to have special training so that in the capacity of their work, their eyes and ears will be extra trained to detect those trying to move past the law. 
large ethnic and culturally diverse population is seen in and around the Nation, which creates optimal conditions. It is not the only city with that. 
Department of Homeland Security, recognizing there needs to be a national campaign, launched the Blue Campaign in 2010. Through the Blue Campaign, DHS works in collaboration with law enforcement, government, nongovernment, and private organizations to protect the basic right of freedom and to bring those who exploit human lives to justice. 
This legislation will begin to institutionalize the training. Last year, this training—the Blue training—was credited when two men were arrested at Miami International Airport. TSA personnel who had received training to detect trafficking observed the interaction between the young men and young woman and noticed the signs. 
to institutionalize and codify this effort so that no human trafficker, no child being held by an adult but being trafficked can escape the eye of our trained Homeland Security personnel, and they can break that hand away from that adult that is trying to do that child harm because they will know that is not the friendly parent or wonderful grandparent or best aunt or uncle. They will know it is a dastardly act. 
crime, but also a horrible violation of human rights. 
to come forward and get help because they may be forced or coerced, they may fear retribution, or they might not have control over their documents. 
the Department of State, approximately 600,000 to 800,000 people are trafficked across global borders each year. 
According to the U.S. Department of Justice, Houston, Texas is one of the nation’s largest hubs for human trafficking. 
There are over 200 active brothels in Houston and more strip clubs and illicit spas than Las Vegas; these businesses serve as fronts for sex trafficking. 
The main factors that contribute to high levels of trafficking through Houston and the rest of Texas are proximity, demographics, and a large migrant labor force. 
I–10, a highway running across country through Houston, and the port of Houston make it a popular point of entry for international trafficking. 
Additionally, the presence of two large airports provides ways in and out of the city. 
ethnic and culturally diverse population create optimal conditions for trafficking because of the ability to blend in with the community. 
To combat human trafficking, the Department of Homeland Security launched the ‘‘Blue Campaign’’ in 2010. 
in collaboration with law enforcement, government, nongovernment and private organizations to protect the basic right of freedom and to bring those who exploit human lives to justice. 
In part, DHS does so by increasing awareness and training for its front line employees such as Transportation Security Officers, Customs and Border Protection Officers, and others. 
TSA personnel, who received training to detect trafficking, observed the interaction between the men and a young woman and noticed the signs. 
The bill before us today seeks to codify in 
law the training of DHS personnel on how to 
and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected trafficker during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities. 
For CBP, this means Officers at our ports of 
entry will be trained on how to identify potential victims of trafficking. 
who screen approximately 1.8 million passengers a day, will be knowledgeable about signs of trafficking. 
received be appropriate for a particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving the training perform their official duties. 
that it is relevant to the specific personnel receiving the training. 
Mr. Speaker, with this bill, we have the opportunity to call attention to the human rights crisis that is human trafficking. 
to this often hidden crime, I urge passage of H.R. 460. 
eliminate human trafficking, it may help prevent it by ensuring that DHS’ frontline workforce is properly trained to fight it. 
PROGRESS IN COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PER SONS: THE U .S. GOVERNMENT RESPONSE TO  
Trafficking in persons, or human trafficking, is the act of recruiting, enticing, harboring, transporting, providing, obtaining, or maintaining a person for compelled labor or commercial sex acts through the use of force, fraud, or coercion. Sex trafficking of a minor under the age of 18 does not require the use of force, threats of force, fraud, or coercion. The Trafficking Victims Protection Act (TVPA) of 2000 (Pub. L. 106–386), as amended, describes this compelled service using a number of different terms, including involuntary servitude, slavery, debt bondage, and forced labor. 
not require, movement. Under the TVPA, people may be considered trafficking victims regardless of whether they were transported to the exploitative situation, previously consented to work for a trafficker, or participated in a crime as a direct result of being trafficked. At the heart of this phenomenon are the traffickers’ aim to exploit and enslave their victims and the myriad of coercive and deceptive practices they use. 
crime. Traffickers target all types of people: adults and children, women, men, and transgender individuals, citizens and noncitizens alike. No socioeconomic group is immune; new immigrants, Native Americans, runaways, the homeless, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youth are particularly vulnerable. One of the most common assumptions about ‘‘average’’ trafficking victims is that they are vulnerable simply because they come from the poorest, most isolated communities, whether overseas or in the United States. Indeed, many do. Yet some victims, from a variety of backgrounds, have reported that their suffering began with their aspirations for a better life and a lack of options to fulfill them. 
That’s where the traffickers come in. Exploiting these realities, traffickers appear to offer a solution—a good job, a brighter future, a safe home, or a sense of belonging, even love. They prey on their victims’ hope and exploit their trust and confidence, coercing them into using themselves as collateral 
In the United States, the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons (PITF) and its operational arm, the Senior Policy Operating Group (SPOG), bring together federal departments and agencies to ensure a wholeofgovernment approach that addresses all aspects of human trafficking—enforcement of criminal and labor law, development of victim identification and protection measures, support for innovations in data gathering and research, education and public awareness, enhanced partnerships and research opportunities, and strategically linked foreign assistance and diplomatic engagement. The agencies of the PITF are the Departments of State (DOS), Defense (DOD), Justice (DOJ), the Interior (DOI), Agriculture (USDA), Labor (DOL), Health and Human Services (HHS), Transportation (DOT), Education (ED), and Homeland Security (DHS), as well as the Domestic Policy Council (DPC), the National Security Council (NSC), the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). As part of the PITF, these agencies convene routinely to coordinate both federal policies to combat trafficking in persons and implementation of the TVPA. 
Agencies of the PITF have brought together leaders from government, the private sector, advocates and survivors, faith leaders, law enforcement and academia, and have made significant progress following President Obama’s March 2012 call to strengthen federal efforts to combat human trafficking, his September 2012 speech announcing a number of new and strengthened initiatives, and the firstever White House Forum to Combat Human Trafficking in April 2013, where the first recipients of the Presidential Award for Extraordinary Efforts to Combat Trafficking in Persons—survivor advocate Florrie Burke and hospitality and travel company Carlson—were honored. 
these agencies have accomplished over the past year, as well as their commitment to continue their efforts in the year to come. From strengthening the SPOG and its four Committees to implementing the nation’s firstever Services for Trafficking Victims in the United States, to implementing an Executive Order that strengthens protections against human trafficking in government contracting, PITF agencies are enabling law enforcement and service providers to deploy resources more effectively and raising public awareness both at home and abroad. 
partnerships with civil society and the private sector in order to bring more resources to bear in fighting this horrific injustice. Although the primary responsibility, for fighting this crime and protecting its survivors lies with governments, governments alone cannot solve this problem. Everyone has a role—from local law enforcement and first responders to the heads of major corporations and everyday citizens. Effective anti trafficking strategies require partnerships that integrate the experiences and guidance of survivors and reach industries, local communities, schools, religious congregations, and multilateral partners. The U.S. government, for example, funds the National Human Trafficking Resource Center (NHTRC), a national hotline (1–888–373–7888) operated by a nongovernmental organization that provides emergency assistance every day of the year, as well as antitrafficking task forces in which law enforcement and victim service providers combine efforts to 
respond to this crime in their communities. Significant partnerships and support for non governmental efforts have also taken root, including the Partnership for Freedom, where Humanity United and DOJ, HHS, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) launched the first of three challenge award contests, Reimagine: Opportunity, to develop innovative solutions to address human trafficking; twelve finalists will compete to expand access to housing, social services, and economic empowerment for trafficking victims. In addition, DOS has teamed up with Verite ´, an NGO leader in 
supply chain management, to implement a project in consultation with federal agencies and other stakeholders to help gather data on the risks of trafficking in the production of goods and provision of services. Working with partners the Aspen Institute and Made in a Free World, Verite ´will also convene 
stakeholders and develop a tool for federal contractors and businesses to analyze supply chain risks and adopt ethical sourcing guidelines and compliance plans that align with Executive Order 13627. Finally, partnering with survivors of human trafficking, federal antitrafficking experts from DOJ, with partners from DHS, DOS, HHS, and the White House, hosted a daylong Survivor Forum and Listening Session to gain insight from a diverse group of survivors in developing more effective programs and strategies. 
The Task Force has drawn strength and direction from these partnerships, which have brought procurement officers and CEOs, professors and human resources professional together with law enforcement and victim advocates in the service of freedom. Such effective collaboration has led to concrete results in the United States’ efforts to advance government priorities and combat modern slavery both domestically and globally. This compilation of the Obama Administration’s accomplishments represents merely a snapshot, as of February 2014, of the work made possible by the multifaceted approach the United States has adopted to combat trafficking in persons. Each day, the Obama Administration strives to improve its strategy and to enhance its partnerships in order to fulfill not only the mandates of the TVPA, but also the promise of the Emancipation Proclamation and the Thirteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ). 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015, and I commend my colleague from North Carolina and the gentlewoman from Texas for their advocacy on this really important issue. 
heard speak today said they learned about this when they came to Congress. I learned about this devastating modernday slavery when I was a United States attorney in the Southern District of Indiana between 2001 and 2007. We started one of the first task forces in the country, and there are task forces across the country that have been focused on human trafficking now for quite some time, but we must do more because even now an estimated 17,500 people are trafficked throughout the U.S. each year. Sadly, this problem disproportionately affects 
learned during that time with that task force and with my time in the U.S. Attorney’s Office these are very difficult crimes to prosecute. The reason they are so difficult to prosecute is because they are difficult to detect, it is difficult to lure victims out of these crime networks, and so we have to do more. We have to educate our law enforcement, we have to educate those who are standing at our ports of entry, those who are standing at our airports and our mass transit areas, and teach them about the warning signs, what they need to be looking for, so we can stop trafficking at the source, prosecute those who are responsible, and save the victims. 
requires the Department of Homeland Security to implement comprehensive training programs on deterring, detecting, and disrupting this human trafficking. Our law enforcement personnel are standing on the front lines. They have to be equipped with the bestpractice methods for identifying the victims and the perpetrators so they can bring these perpetrators to justice. 
the time, and I am pleased that this bill also requires an annual reassessment of training programs. They have to continue to train. It is time for Congress to act decisively to eradicate human trafficking. We need to do more. 
just said earlier. Two people were caught at Miami International Airport. They were caught by officers of TSA who had received training to detect trafficking and observed the interaction between the two men and a young woman. It was the exact description that I gave—holding a little girl’s hand, holding a teenager’s hand, looking innocent—but our DHS personnel could be the savers of the day. 
Just a few years ago, in our own airport, a number of Chinese nationals— young women—were brought in, ultimately, to be held against their will. It was astute personnel who knew that even though girls traveled together that something was wrong. 
That is why this legislation is so important. The bill before us today seeks to codify in law the training of DHS personnel on how to deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking and, where appropriate, to interdict a suspected trafficker during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities. Our front liners from the Department of Homeland Security are everywhere. There is not a place you can travel when entering this country—through 
our airports or through our ports—that our agents in some capacity, in some roles, are not there. 
our ports of entry will be trained on how to identify potential victims of trafficking—smuggling, human slavery. For the TSA, it means that screening personnel, who screen approximately 1.8 million passengers a day, will be knowledgeable about signs of trafficking. Importantly, the bill requires that the training received be appropriate for a particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving the training perform their official duties, streamlining it to make it work. This will help tailor the training received so that it is relevant to the specific personnel receiving the training. 
the opportunity to call attention to the human rights crisis that is human trafficking. I am glad that this bill has been generated out of the Homeland Security Committee, which emphasizes the security of this Nation but, as well, the important act of making sure America stands against human trafficking. January is National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month. To ensure that continued attention be paid to this often hidden crime, I urge the passage of H.R. 460. The bill before us today will not eliminate human trafficking, but it may help prevent it by ensuring that DHS’ frontline workforce is properly trained to fight it. 
all committed. Again, I refer to all of us. To report suspected human trafficking, dial 1–866–347–2423. If you are a victim, to get help, call the National Human Trafficking Resource Center at 1–888–373–7888. 
Carolina for his leadership, and I thank our committee chairman and ranking member for their leadership. 
I ask for support of the bill, and I 
LEE, for your eloquence on such an important issue. 
victims who are trapped in the United States and around the world who are suffering in silence. In many cases, the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security, who are on the front lines of the fight, are trying to end this heinous crime and help these victims. 
good work already being done to train DHS personnel to detect and prevent human trafficking while also ensuring that such training is specific to the professional roles of the personnel who will utilize it. Moreover, this bill will enable the DHS to equip its nonFederal partners to better counter the devastating effects of human trafficking. In closing, I urge my colleagues to support this critically important, bipartisan bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 460, The Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of 
this important, bipartisan legislation, which will ensure that DHS personnel continue to receive the training they need to detect and disrupt human trafficking. 
As Chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, I convened a field hearing in Houston during the last Congress to examine the issue of human trafficking. At the hearing, the Committee heard compelling and disturbing testimony on how human trafficking is destroying the lives of vulnerable populations across the globe, including here in the United States. 
Simply put, human trafficking is a despicable crime, and it must be stopped. I believe this bill is an excellent step towards that goal. 
2015 would ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Transportation Security Administration, and other Department of Homeland Security personnel are trained to effectively detect, and to the extent appropriate, intercept and disrupt trafficking in persons, during the course of their normal roles and responsibilities. Not only would this legislation require effective training, it would also ensure that these employees are regularly provided with the most current trends and information on human trafficking and are adequately equipped to counter this growing problem. 
While the men and women at DHS carry out 
their everyday work, many of them are well positioned to spot traffickers who may try to exploit our nation’s transportation systems to move their victims, both from overseas and within our borders. 
insight into the level of success of the training being provided, and that the Department’s State and local partners have full access to training curricula to establish their own trafficking awareness programs. 
legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on this commonsense measure. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, just last summer, Delta launched The Blue Lightning Initiative with the help of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
based training program that provides airlines with the added tools to help ID and report suspected instances of human trafficking. 
According to Delta, it is among some of the 
first airlines to adopt this expansive type of human trafficking detection training. 
should be applauded for taking the initiative to end Human Trafficking, one of the greatest challenges we face. 
even more troubling that the United States Government is not taking the steps necessary to properly train DHS employees, such as TSA officers, who have the potential to identify cases of trafficking and help save lives. 
key and it is essential to ending the human 
trafficking epidemic that is stealing the freedom of nearly 27 million people worldwide. 
Requires DHS to establish a human trafficking training program to be given in classroom or virtually, and to ensure DHS personnel receive this training within 180 days. 
This training must include: Methods to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking, and be relevant for each federal employee’s particular location or professional environment. 
simply establish a generic, onesizefitsall approach for all employees, and is able to provide thorough training specific to each employee’s particular job setting. 
human trafficking training curricula to State, local or tribal government, or private organization at the entity’s request. This will help these government and private entities establish their own training programs. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
OF H.R. 351, LNG PERMITTING CERTAINTY AND TRANSPARENCY ACT 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 48 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida, Judge HASTINGS , my 
friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Today, Mr. Speaker, 
I bring to the floor on behalf of the Rules Committee and the Republican Conference a rule and the underlying legislation which helps address a problem that has been created by the Obama administration. 
slow the export of liquefied natural gas to countries with which we do not have a free trade agreement. This means that American companies have plenty of liquefied natural gas to sell to our allies across the globe but that delays by the administration are preventing them from selling it. This decision, I think, comes at a terrible price for the millions of Americans who cannot find work. This decision comes at a terrible price for those in need of a goodpaying job—perhaps even of a long career— that will help support their families, their communities, and, most of all, that will help make America stronger. 
comes at a terrible price for our friends in Europe who are being bullied by thugs, namely the Russian Government. Currently, many of our allies in Europe are forced to buy natural gas from Russia instead of from the United States of America. We have seen how they use this leverage to push around our allies. Our other friends around the globe, such as India, Japan, and Haiti, also need energy, and this administration’s inaction is also costing these allies dearly. Let me see if I can paint a picture of how the administration’s decision has been executed. 
Energy has slow walked. It has taken an antiquated approval process for applications to export liquefied natural gas, which is known as LNG. Since 2010, the Department of Energy has only issued final decisions on five of the 37 applications to export LNG to countries with which the United States does not have a free trade agreement. These delays have nothing to do with the environment. In fact, natural gas is one of the cleanest sources of energy in the world. Yes, I think we know what the problem is. The problem is they simply do not want to participate in this marketplace for Americans to have jobs. 
As a result of these delays, all of us 
in America are squandering the boon in liquefied natural gas, which has made the United States the world’s largest provider of natural gas in oil beginning, really, in 2013. Here we are now, 2 years later, and it is time for America to come to action. That is, again, why the United States Congress—the Republican Congress—is coming to the 
American people with a bill to help do something about this. 
The administration’s broken application process is delaying goodpaying jobs at a time when the labor participation rate in our marketplace is at historic lows. That hurts real people. That hurts real people who want and need opportunities to have jobs today, not to look up and find out that Washington is broken and is keeping them from goodpaying jobs. 
I have much to say about this, and I 
the chairman, my good friend, for yielding to me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Congress will be as the least productive ever. The previous House was also the most closed ever as it pertains to rules, passing more closed rules than any other Congress. Despite controlling both Chambers of the 114th Congress, my friends across the aisle have picked up the dysfunction right where they left off in trying to jam through another piece of legislation regardless of its merits and without giving the House a chance to review it through regular order. It must be understood that there are a significant number of new Members here who didn’t have an opportunity, as I did and as the chairman did, to vote on this measure in the previous Congress. 
don’t just take my word for it. Last week, my friend from Pennsylvania, Congressman DENT, offered a summary 
did not go as well as a lot of us would have liked. Week two, we got into a big fight over deporting children, something that a lot of us didn’t want to have a discussion about. Week three, we are now talking about rape and incest and reportable rapes and incest for minors . . . I just can’t wait for week four. 
Here we are in week four, in my view, 
wasting time and taxpayer money in debating a solution for a problem that does not exist. 
completed its economic impact study, export applications are receiving a decision within about 2 months. In fact, four LNG export projects have already won all of the necessary Federal permits from the Energy Department and from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, with the first project scheduled to come online this year. Therefore, despite H.R. 351’s clever name, the only uncertainty regarding the bill is why the House is considering it at all. 
This bill originated in the last Congress when we were told that it would help Ukraine shake its energy dependence from Russia. Let me repeat that. 
This bill originated in the last Congress when we were told that it would help Ukraine shake its energy dependence from Russia. I would like for some of my colleagues on the other side to tell me how Ukraine will be able to benefit from this legislation in light of what I believe the fact to be, and that is that they are not prepared to receive liquefied natural gas from us. In my view, since most of this takes place in the spot neverland of oil and gas sales, I don’t believe, when completed, that this gas will reach Ukraine. 
prices for all liquefied natural gas are both now and, apparently, in the near future? Asia. This gas is going to Asia, not to Ukraine and not to Eastern Europe. I heard some discussion yesterday evening about Hungary, and I dispute whether or not any of it will go there as well. 
Furthermore, what was true then remains true now: even when the United States finally becomes capable of exporting liquefied natural gas, Ukraine does not have, as I have pointed out, the capability to receive it. I hope you will understand my uncertainty as to why this bill is on the floor. 
cheaper here either. LNG is already cheap. In fact, this bill is more likely to increase our natural gas prices, since we are going to be sending more gas overseas, and it will be hardworking Americans paying the cost. 
It is not like there are a whole lot of 
projects waiting to be approved either. With natural gas futures and crude oil prices well below the levels where natural gas is competitive, companies are putting LNG export and development projects on hold, leaving only more uncertainty as to why we are considering this bill today. 
We cannot solve our energy problems with fossil fuels. It requires a certain kind of arrogance to deny an overwhelming scientific consensus regarding climate change. Importing or exporting more fossil fuels, more drilling, more fracking, more pipelines, it doesn’t matter; fossil fuels are a dead end, full stop. 
the only way to ensure energy independence. Clean energy is the only way we can be sure that we don’t leave a devastated planet for our children. 
the last one, Mr. Speaker. The American people deserve better. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
and natural gas perhaps comes naturally to Texans. I am from Dallas. I have been around the natural gas industry. I have seen the attributes of energy policy and how important it is. 
Let me tell you what: the Republicans have taken a keen interest in this. This is why the marketplace is 
producing gasoline at $1.72 a gallon. That is why gasoline prices have fallen, that is why natural gas is plentifully available at a great price—but, Mr. Speaker, it is also jobs behind this. 
I will tell you one other thing. It is 
also a bipartisan idea. Yesterday, this gentleman that I am going to introduce, the sponsor of the bill, BILL 
United States Air Force, came up to the Rules Committee and had one of the most delightful conversations on a bipartisan basis with other Democrats and Republicans and talked about the attributes of jobs and this natural resource. 
have these opportunities to where we can help other countries. 
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ), the original sponsor of 
of H. Res. 48, the rule for H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act. 
legislation to H.R. 351 passed the House of Representatives as H.R. 6, the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act. Long before its passage, the bill moved through the entire legislative process at the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. This process included a hearing as well as an eventual markup at the Subcommittee on Energy and Power. A subsequent full committee markup followed, and the bill was placed on the Union Calendar. 
established H. Res. 636, the rule for consideration of H.R. 6. After that rule was adopted, the legislation was debated, amended, and ultimately passed the House of Representatives with an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote. The President did not issue a veto threat. 
swept across America over the last years has transformed the United States from an increasingly energy dependent Nation—beholden to the whims of OPEC—to our current position as the largest producer of oil and natural gas in the world. 
with a historic and unprecedented opportunity not just to bolster our economy, but to also fully leverage our energy abundance on the international stage by selling a portion of our natural gas abroad. 
gas, America has an opportunity to significantly affect geopolitics if we enact smart policies. It could—and should— be a game changer. 
Allowing the export of liquefied natural gas, for instance, will create significant American jobs and wealth for the United States, enhance our energy security, and provide a reliable source of fuel to our allies, some of whom depend on the mood of Vladimir Putin to 
kept pace with the industry’s development. Producers seeking to export LNG face a constantly changing approval process which costs millions of dollars and takes years to navigate. 
Not only does this undermine regulatory certainty, but with dozens of projects seeking approval, Washington is making it difficult for businesses to make the investment decisions needed to take advantage of this abundant resource. This delays job creation here at home and reduces our ability to positively influence global politics abroad. 
My bill, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act, aims to address this growing problem by cutting through the bureaucratic red tape and implementing a deadline on the Department of Energy to issue a final decision on LNG applications. 
already passed since many of the LNG export applications have been filed and their dockets closed, there is no more information to consider and no reason for DOE not to adhere to a deadline. 
If Washington waits too long to move forward with export licenses, other countries with their own natural gas resources—Canada, Qatar, and Australia, to name three—will step in to meet the demand. Our competitive advantage, along with the opportunity to create more domestic energy jobs and serve as a check on Russia, will be lost. 
LNG exports will create hundreds of thousands of American jobs, many of them in manufacturing, including the refining, petrochemicals, and chemicals sectors. ICF International estimates that these jobs will occur across the entire value chain, translating into roughly $1 billion in new wages for 
millions of dollars in new tax revenue for Federal, State, and local governments, while increasing our GDP and lowering the trade deficit. 
come at the expense of domestic consumers. The U.S. Energy Information Administration stressed that it expects increased overseas demand for LNG will be met by the development of new resources. 
each of the different export scenarios considered ‘‘are welfare improving for U.S. consumers’’ and would result in ‘‘an increase in U.S. households’ real income.’’ 
The recent turbulence in Eastern Europe—and throughout the Middle East—has shown all too clearly that energy can be used as a geopolitical tool. Adding a new and reliable source of natural gas onto the world market will diversify our allies’ energy sources and greatly reduce their vulnerability to a single monopolistic supplier. 
It is a job creator. It helps America in 
the globe. We have seen enough delay. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. 
some of the speakers from the other side would answer the question as to whether or not this liquefied natural gas is going to reach Eastern Europe. I dispute that. 
Just sort of as an aside, I know no 
one will say anything regarding same, but the fact of the matter is that, for years, the discussion was the price of regular gasoline. Now that it is nearing $2 and we are the world’s biggest producer of natural gas and moving pretty well, I might add—and I am glad to see—along the clean energy line, I just am curious whether President Obama gets any credit at all for any of these changes because those who argued that gasoline would be at $6 and $7—I even saw one at $8 a gallon—I am just curious, since that didn’t occur, what the thought is. 
subject, but I would hope that we would get an answer regarding the LNG and Ukraine especially. 
your questions. I think they are both legitimate questions. 
Ambassador at Large for Energy Security, lifting restrictions on import ‘‘would send an extremely important message of strategic reassurance to the region which currently feels more threatened than any time since the cold war.’’ 
I will yield in a second to the author 
of the bill because he understands that piece of the pie. 
The Ukrainians had to renegotiate the amount of money that they were paying just to get their natural gas and stay warm because the Russians raised that price on them. We think that is gouging and taking advantage of people. 
50 percent of Russia’s revenue comes from taxes on oil and gas. About 80 percent of that resource goes through the Ukraine. The Ukrainian people are under tremendous pressure, as are other European allies, by the Russians. 
is shipped, increasing supply and competition in the global marketplace will help provide international consumers with greater choice. 
State Department made a similar statement on the benefits of U.S. natural gas exports at a January 8, 2015, 
Atlantic Council forum. This is from the State Department: 
The fact that we have approved exports of natural gas has already had an impact on Europe. 
into the game has put the Russians on notice that our friends and allies and people that they are currently putting under pressure—the Ukrainians and others—are going to have a choice, and it is going to make a different conversation happen at the table. 
of the question, which was: Can President Obama just get any bit of credit, just any bit, just a small measure? Well, I would respond to the gentleman: yes, but when he earns it. 
from the very beginning that he opposed energy policy that the free market tried to produce. Take this example: even though he was at the groundbreaking for the Keystone pipeline, he has been incapable of making a decision for 6 years on something that multiple people, including at least two former Presidents and lots of other people, said it makes a lot of sense to do. 
Congressional Research Service reported that domestic natural gas production has risen by 19 percent since 2009 but decreased by 28 percent on Federal lands. 
tried to help this while reducing it by almost a third from Federal lands, the evidence is just not there to give him credit. 
want to get credit for things even though they didn’t do things, even though they didn’t complete the task that was in front of them, making decisions, making wise decisions, showing the American people what you stand for. 
help him out, but the administration clearly has been on simply the other side of that issue and that ball. 
gentleman from Corpus Christi, Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ), who was with me on 
the border this last weekend as we looked at border security. He comes from an energyrich section of our Nation and represents some of the most vibrant companies that are trying to make this country energysufficient and to help make sure that what is at the pump is at a great price and is a great product for consumers. 
is important we get this rule done and move on to consideration of H.R. 351. 
of the first things that happened when I came to Congress is, I was visited by 
some folks from a company that was looking to put a LNG liquefaction plant in the district that I represent. In fact, we have got two pending in the district that I represent. 
billionplus dollar plant to liquefy natural gas and export it, has been waiting since I was elected to Congress, longer than I have been in Congress, over 4 years now, to get this plant approved and online to start selling energy. 
I want to address some of the questions that the gentleman from the other side has raised with respect to this. 
there. There is no point for Ukraine or any other country to build the facilities to receive this natural gas until there is a sure and steady supply of this natural gas. And it is a lot easier to get these facilities built in other countries where they don’t have to go through the exhausting and sometimes, I would go so far to say, insane permitting process that we have to go through here in the United States. 
at putting in another LNG facility in Port Lavaca that is going to build the facility to liquefy the natural gas on a barge, pull it up, hook up to the pipeline, and liquefy it. This same barge technology can be used for regasification. 
a seaport in the Ukraine, hook up the ship, hook it up to a pipeline, and they could be receiving LNG in a very short order. So it is there for any country. 
how it could possibly run up energy prices and natural gas prices here in the United States. The liquefaction process consumes some of the natural gas. The numbers I hear vary from around 20 percent or so, and so it will always be cheaper to deliver the gas by pipeline here in the United States, so we will always have a competitive advantage with the natural gas that we produce. 
But we have got to have a market for 
that natural gas. Right now, pretty much the only natural gas we are seeing produced out of the Eagle Ford shale in Texas is produced with oil. You drill a well, you get both oil and gas. 
We have seen a huge dropoff in drilling for natural gas because the demand is so low and the supply is so high, to the point where we are drilling wells and we have discovered gas, and we shut that well then and don’t produce it. 
is hot. We can help improve our balance of trade with the world. We can put people back to work, and it can all be done at no government expense. We have just got to get the regulators in Washington, D.C., out of our hair and let our country do this so we can improve the economy for everybody in America. 
economy. We can have people back to work. We can have a plentiful supply of energy for the foreseeable future. 
have got the Eagle Ford shale, you have got the Barnett shale, you have got Pennsylvania, you have got Texas, you have got North Dakota. There is plentiful natural gas. We need a market for it. 
By approving this rule and the underlying legislation, that will happen. Americans will go back to work, and America, as a whole, will prosper. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the gentleman very much, not only for taking time to discuss these important issues but really for his representation of an industry that can do so many great things, not only for the American people but, really, to help out our friends around the world. 
foreign affairs policy that the United States, instead of going overseas to get energy, we can be delivering that energy. Instead of having to have a blue water navy, a navy that is stretched to keep shipping lanes open, we can be handing these off to other countries to take them. 
vigorous opportunity, on a bipartisan basis, a discussion that not only did BILLJOHNSON take part in but also Mr. 
GARAMENDI , the gentleman, the Democrat from California, and E DWHITFIELD , the subcommittee chairman, 
about how the delivery of this LNG can be on American ships. 
ships to meet the specifications that would be necessary to put them in the water to deliver these around the world can be an Americanmade product also. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
point out that the President even understands that there is an ability there for the Ukraine. Speaking in Ukraine recently, he said: ‘‘We welcome the prospect of U.S. LNG efforts in the future since additional global supplies will benefit Europe and other strategic partners.’’ 
at the Rules Committee, for the first time in a long time, we did not receive a Statement of Administration Policy that the President is opposed to this. 
the Rules Committee yesterday. Not unprecedented but a really good feeling about us working together for the common interest, to make sure that the American worker comes out on top of this, that the taxpayer comes out on top of this, that we are producing good legislation that can go to the United States Senate, this time, to be heard and passed on, so that we can get this 
legislation so the President does earn that part of his check on the box that says: And thank you, Mr. President, for agreeing and working with us. Thank you for helping us out. 
House. I think it can get to the Senate, and I think the President will sign it. 
declaration about the President seeing great things, and me wanting and needing and expecting the President to do what I think is the right thing, then we are simply miscast today. 
This is a good thing for both parties. But this is a good thing for our friends around the world and diplomacy also. 
gentleman from Friendswood, Texas (Mr. WEBER ), my dear colleague. 
world is an inherently dangerous place. Watch the news. 
the world has a catastrophe—and it doesn’t matter whether it is a tsunami, an earthquake, whether it is fire, pestilence, whether it is war—when the world has a catastrophe and dials 911, who is it that answers? 
strongest, most stable, most reliable, affordable energy capacity and capability in the world. 
often say the things that make America great are the things that America makes, and our fossil fuel energy supply is what underwrites that. 
You don’t think that’s right? And I would argue that not only is it 
America’s security; when America is strong, the world is strong. You don’t think fossil fuel energy is important, try powering a tank or a jet plane with a solar panel, Mr. Speaker. You won’t get very far. 
the world to be safe, America has got to be strong. This rule and this bill, H.R. 351, are important not only to America’s economy but also our national security and, I would argue, by extension, with the world depending on us, international security. 
reliable source of energy here in America. We have the opportunity to export that to our friends around the globe and help them to be safe, help them to be productive. 
process. We will improve our balance of trade, as my friend from Corpus Christi said earlier. 
economy, Mr. Speaker, but with national and, by extension, international security. 
The permitting process needs to be expedited and move forward. That is why I rise today in support of the rule, in 
one more on the books. They mean jobs. They mean security. 
rule, to support this bill, put Americans to work, help America continue to be a leader, to be safe, and, indeed, help keep this world safe. 
like to have the gentleman stick around for a minute because, as a 
member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, he is most genuinely involved in trying to make sure that discussions about America and our allies and how the world sees us are well understood. 
Friendswood, Texas, which, like Mr. FARENTHOLD , is right in the center of 
this enterprise where we ship our natural resources around the world, I would really like to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman to talk about the impact of foreign affairs. 
asked a question about, well, why does this matter? 
have five ports in my district on the Gulf Coast of Texas, more than any other Member of Congress. Some have four. I have five LNG plants, LPG plants. 
is produced in my district, 60 percent of the Nation’s jet fuel. An extremely large amount, a classified amount of the military’s fuel. They won’t tell us how much, but a large amount of the military’s fuel. 
in my district. Again, we can’t find out how much, but it is a huge amount. 
I have been over to Japan, I have been over to the Philippines, I have been to Hong Kong, South Korea, Taiwan— they want our LNG. They would much rather buy it from us than from the Russian bear. 
Ukraine would much rather be dependent on us because we are not a dictatorship, at least not supposed to be, and we are not going to cut off their fuel because we have a disagreement with the way the Russian separatists activate or believe? 
So it is a foreign affairs, it is a foreign policy initiative. As I said earlier, it helps make the world safer. It helps create jobs over here. It helps with our balance of trade, or imbalance of trade. It is an important issue, and it is one that bears supporting. 
Support the rule, support this bill because it is not only important for America from an energy perspective, from a security perspective, but an international or world trade perspective, as well as world security. For foreign policy, it matters. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the gentleman from Friendswood, Texas, who, Mr. Speaker, has a keen understanding about not only what is in America’s best interest, by serving on the Foreign Affairs Committee, but who is also a proud man who understands that people who work hard have jobs—clean, natural gas, an opportunity for America to get the benefits of one of God’s greatest gifts to the United States that we can share with others. 
whole lot of ways for us to look at not only what lies ahead with opportunity, but I think we can also look at some models of success, and one of them might be my home State of Texas. 
My home State of Texas has incredible opportunities and benefits that have arisen from the ability to have energy abundance, the ability to have oil, natural gas, and other elements that can be used in this industry to make our country stronger, but what is happening is that we have also used it to Texas’ benefit and America’s benefit. That is right. 
Just to tell a story, if it weren’t for 
Texas, net job growth over the last 7 years in America would be flat. That means you take all 49 States, level it out—the minuses, the pluses, net it out—America would not have net positive job growth. But because of Texas, I can tell you that we now have created a net increase of 1.2 million jobs in America, net, and that has come because of Texas. So it is literally entirely a Texas product. 
not just lower taxes, not just better roads, great schools, better education, good people, but it comes from a philosophy of understanding that we need to utilize these natural resources for the benefit of our world. To make jobs, job creation important, instead of delaying things, Texas had to make sure that what we did is we used it to our advantage. 
like this Federal Government does by delaying major initiatives, we signed them into law. We got them done. We made things happen. So by doing that, when you do that, then you stand a chance to better everybody’s life. 
I would now like to give the gentleman from Florida a chance to finish his time, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
You know, I don’t want to in any way 
disparage the lovefest of my friends from Texas. I recognize that everything is big in Texas. 
songs of Texas, ‘‘The Yellow Rose of Texas,’’ ‘‘Deep in the Heart of Texas,’’ a whole of bunch of them which I hold dear from my childhood. 
who was called upon as a foreign affairs expert—because he serves on the Foreign Affairs Committee—to know, 
then, that I guess I too am a foreign affairs expert since I served on that committee for 8 years, served on the Intelligence Committee for 8 years. All of the countries that the gentleman mentioned, I have been to. 
the chairman or anyone else regarding whether or not Ukraine—and it is not ‘‘the Ukraine’’; it is ‘‘Ukraine’’—didn’t get an answer as to whether they were prepared to receive liquefied natural gas. 
the sanctions on Russia and how it is impacting them. 
their first election after the Orange Revolution, I was the lead election monitor for the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. 
having some understanding, and I would urge that I still didn’t get—although my friend, the chairman, seemed to suggest that the President is deserving of something that he earns, my belief is that the President has allowed for more gas leases than I would have had him do. 
embargoed until noon today, is a press release from the United States Department of the Interior, which receives a lot of negative comment from my colleagues regarding regulations. ‘‘Interior Department Announces Draft Strategy for Offshore Oil and Gas Leasing.’’ The draft proposal program includes 14 potential lease sales in eight planning areas—10 sales in the Gulf of Mexico, three off the coast of Alaska, and one in a portion of the mid and south Atlantic. 
might make a whole lot of people happy. It does not make me happy because they are discussing leases in the Gulf of Mexico where, I believe, there is substantial infrastructure from areas like Louisiana and Texas in the western portion of the gulf. I guess we just ignore things like the BP oil spill, and we ignore the potential for those kinds of disasters. 
the chairman regarding much of his statistics, but I want the administration and my friend from Texas, the chairman, to know that, as I have said repeatedly, I will be the last person standing in this House of Representatives opposed to offshore drilling in my State of Florida no matter the views that others have. I believe there is enough wind from our respective oceans to double the amount of energy that we have, and, yes, my friend, there are aircraft that are powered without fossil fuel. 
week to also consider a border security bill, but that bill was scuttled yesterday amidst a number of things. 
pretty lucky. As bad as the snowstorm is, particularly for the New England area of our country, many of our colleagues could not get back here yesterday and probably won’t be able to get back here today as well. The reason I say they are lucky is they can hide—by pulling the border bill—under the fact that there was a snowstorm and people couldn’t get in here, and that is legitimate, in my view. 
we will see about it next week and the week after—is that many conservatives in the Republican Party are jumping ship on the border bill, and that was out there as well. Just like last week, just like last Congress, there is a rift in the majority, leaving it unable to even pass legislation that all of its Members can agree on. 
in this country that my friends are going to have to address. So I look forward to my friends’ plan to repair our crumbling roads and bridges in this country, and I can’t wait to see how this body will combat the national security threat of climate change, in spite of all of your denials. 
I hope that my friends intend to ensure that women receive equal pay for equal work, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to make sure that many of the reforms in our tax structure allow for those persons who are ultrawealthy to pay their fair proportion of what they earn and to reform our Tax Code so that middleincome Americans can benefit and poor Americans can rise to the middle class. 
With America’s workers’ wages stagnant for so long, including our own here in the House of Representatives, we are entering the seventh year without any increase in wages. And those of us who are poorer Members of Congress have experienced the kinds of difficulties of just being here in Washington and the cost for being here. I am seeking no sympathies. It is just a fact. 
long, I look forward to hearing from my colleagues on how they plan to raise the minimum wage in this country. Because until my friends can address their dysfunction and inability to lead, I am afraid our country is in for 2 more years of uncertainty. 
most Presidents get a lot of credit on their watch and a lot of negative when things go wrong. For once, our gas prices are down, and my friends can’t even bring themselves to say that this President deserves some credit. I do. I see it. He deserves some credit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, as I explained earlier, Texas is the great American jobs machine. We talked about how we create jobs because we have effectively used the resources that, in many instances, Mother Nature and God have given us. So now it is time for Washington, I think, to learn from models that we do in Texas, where we learn to capitalize on all of 
today is brought a bill that is common sense to the floor to unleash our natural resources, to make sure that it helps out not only our foreign policy, but workers and jobs in this country, and that is important. So it is a policy issue. The Republican Party is deadon. There is going to be a bipartisan vote today. 
and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of House Resolution 48 will be followed by 5minute votes on the motions to suspend the rules on H.R. 469 and H.R. 246, each by the yeas and nays. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 241, nays 169, not voting 23, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 469) to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to improve the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 410, nays 0, not voting 23, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent 
DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham 
Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 246) to improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 22, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline 
Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Buchanan Capuano Crowley DeFazio Duckworth Engel Heck (NV) Jones 
Lee Lieu (CA) Marino Meeks Meng Neal Nunnelee Pelosi 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 46, 47 and 48. Had I been present, I would have voted no on Roll Call vote number 46, and aye on Roll Call vote number 47 and 48. 
27, 2015, I was unable to be present and missed the following votes: 
On Roll Call vote 46, on Agreeing to the 
Resolution H. Res. 48 providing for consideration for the bill H.R. 351 to provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes, I would have voted NO. 
On Roll Call vote 47, on Motion to Suspend 
the Rules and Pass H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, I would have voted AYE. 
On Roll Call Vote 48, on Motion to Suspend 
the rules and Pass H.R. 246, to Improve Response to Victims of Child Sex Trafficking, I would have voted AYE. 
OF H.R. 515, INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW TO PREVENT DEMAND FOR CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that in the engrossment of H.R. 515, the Clerk be directed to make the correction I have placed at the desk. 
On page 9, after line 25 insert the following: 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
TRAFFICKING AWARENESS TRAINING FOR HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2015 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 398) to provide for the development and dissemination of evidence based best practices for health care professionals to recognize victims of a severe form of trafficking and respond to such individuals appropriately, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and in consultation with the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant to an eligible school under which such school will— 
the award, develop best practices for health care professionals— 
more eligible sites within the respective region, which may include an eligible site that is a schoolbased health center; and 
evaluation of such pilot program within a period of 6 months; 
attitude of health care professionals resulting from the implementation of the programs; 
including reporting requirements, with respect to victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
the requirements of HIPAA privacy and security law as applied to victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
patients who are victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
sharing information on human trafficking with a patient and making referrals for legal and social service assistance related to human trafficking when indicated and appropriate; and 
center that is receiving assistance under section 330, 399Z–1, or 1001 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b, 300). 
accredited school of medicine or nursing with experience in the study or treatment of victims of a severe form of trafficking. 
means a person employed by a health care provider who provides to patients information (including information not related to medical treatment), scheduling, services, or referrals. 
law’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19). 
trafficking’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the ongoing domestic problem with human trafficking. H.R. 398, the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act, will create a program dedicated to training our Nation’s health care professionals in order to identify the early warning signs for the act of human trafficking. 
community encounter these individuals while they are still being trafficked. By training health care professionals and equipping them with the right knowledge, we are enabling them to identify hallmark signs of this despicable act for early intervention. 
This pilot program will test and examine the best practices needed for determining the protocol used for implementing human trafficking awareness within the medical community. 
medical professionals already play a significant role in caring for victims of human trafficking. This legislation will better prepare those on the front lines, so that they can identify and care for those being trafficked. 
how prevalent and pervasive human trafficking is within our own borders, but it is time we acknowledge this fact and stand up against this heinous crime. 
help these victims break free, and I am proud to push forth legislation further empowering them. This legislation trains health care workers to recognize the hallmark signs of human trafficking, thus allowing professionals to intervene on the patient’s behalf. 
agree that human trafficking is an important problem that deserves Congress’ attention, and that all of us support efforts to ensure that our health care workers are better prepared to identify and assist victims of human trafficking. 
Training for Health Care Act of 2015, would set up a grant, facilitated by the 
Department of Health and Human Services, to create and address best practices for health care providers to use in the field. The program would then test those practices in 10 pilot programs across the country. 
The goal of this legislation is laudable and would certainly take important steps to improve our ability to address the spread of human trafficking in our local communities. However, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support the process that brought this bill to the floor. 
a subcommittee or full committee markup in the Energy and Commerce Committee, neither in the 114th Congress nor the previous session. Going through the normal committee process would have allowed Members and staff to make substantive and technical changes to ensure that the Department of Health and Human Services is able to implement this legislation effectively. Members who serve on the Energy and Commerce Committee deserve the opportunity to deliberate on legislation within the committee’s jurisdiction and offer amendments to strengthen the bills that we consider. 
Additionally, while this bill authorizes a new grant program, it does not authorize any additional appropriations for the Department to carry out this initiative. HHS may not be able to do this work within their limited existing resources. Advancing legislation, Mr. Speaker, that puts new requirements on the Federal Government without authorizing the funds to implement them is not a good precedent to set. 
new legislation that has not gone through the regular order process, but I will not object to considering H.R. 398 on suspension today and advancing the bill by voice vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida, Ms. DEBBIE  
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , who is the Democratic sponsor of the bill. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey and my colleague Congresswoman ELLMERS from North Carolina 
and rise today in strong support of the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015, a bill on which I was honored to join as the Democratic lead with my colleague and good friend, the gentlewoman from North Carolina. 
her leadership on this bill and her willingness to shine a light on the scourge of human trafficking. 
Mr. Speaker, that it is a truly remarkable and sometimes too rare a thing in our Congress to find a Member who not only reaches across the aisle but who is also willing to work tirelessly to fight for what she believes in and has a staff 
willing to match that effort. It has been a pleasure working with you and your team on this legislation, as well as on my EARLY Act signed into law just a month ago, on which you served as the Republican lead on that legislation, and I look forward to what we may do together in the future. 
that made human and sex trafficking a State crime in my home State of Florida, I knew that, while that was an important tool to combat traffickers, we were just scratching the surface. 
this bill because, though there is still much that we need to learn about the way human trafficking works in the United States, we know enough to know that it is far too prevalent, it preys on the most vulnerable in our Nation, and addressing it requires a comprehensive approach that encompasses prevention, treatment, and going after criminals. 
there are 100,000 to 300,000 American youth currently at risk of being trafficked in the United States. We know that those most likely to be targeted are lowincome women, foster youth, younger girls, and girls and women with a history of abuse and estrangement from family. And we know that once a girl is sextrafficked, she has a life expectancy of just 7 years, during which she will be raped on average by 6,000 different buyers. 
not a problem that deserves a comprehensive response from all legal, social service, and medical sectors, then I don’t know what is. Health care providers are often the first line of defense in these situations, sometimes being the only interaction with an outsider that a victim’s trafficker may allow. 
for Health Care Act of 2015 develops evidencebased best practices for, and training of, health care providers to be able to identify and properly respond to victims of trafficking, training that means when a girl 12 to 14 years old, the age range that is most at risk of being trafficked, when she is brought into a health care provider for a routine checkup by an older man who is not related to her, that a red flag goes off in a nurse’s head or a health care provider’s head. 
woman comes into an ER for a broken arm but a doctor discovers bruises and scars indicating a pattern of abuse, that that doctor doesn’t just simply treat her broken arm and send her home. And resource knowledge means doctors and nurses cannot only identify potential victims but can respond appropriately to ensure that victim will one day become a survivor. 
This bill joins several other trafficking bills being heard today on the House floor, including Representative BASS’ bill to support youth most at 
These two bills, as well as Representative ELLMERS ’ and my bill, are all 
pieces of a larger puzzle, initiatives that, when put together, create a comprehensive and crosssector response to human trafficking. 
We all stand up together today, regardless of political party, to say we do not want to raise our children in a world or a nation where a person can be sold as if she is property to be used by anyone to whom the trafficker offers her. 
to eliminate human trafficking, for my daughters, who are 11 and 15, for my constituents in south Florida, and for the betterment of our world. I might add, as a member of the House Committee on Appropriations, I can assure the gentleman that while I share and understand his concerns on the process, as far as the appropriations, we are going to pursue unobligated funds so that we can make sure that there are the resources available to make sure that this program is funded. 
I would like to say again to my good 
friend and colleague from Florida, thank you for putting forward this effort to work with us. 
too, believe that we need to work together. So just know that my door is open, that we will continue to work on these issues together, and I am just so glad that in a bipartisan effort today we are all coming together to stand up for victims of human trafficking and again get them on a path to recovery. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), my good friend, 
who has been a tireless and passionate advocate for women and families and children who are affected by human trafficking really long before many of us were even aware that it was an issue here in this country. 
Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding and thank her for her leadership, especially on this extremely important bill, H.R. 398, the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015. 
grant money to the development of best practices for medical professionals so that they will know how to recognize trafficking victims and how to respond if a potential victim comes into their hospital or clinic. 
inspired to do this bill by a Global Centurion report, in collaboration with the Charlotte Lozier Institute, that showed some 88 percent of domestic trafficking victims sought health care at some point during the time that they were being trafficked. That is absolutely amazing. These victimized women have come in contact with health care professionals, and then they leave and go out the door and nothing is done because the health care professional did not recognize the signs of human trafficking. They were in a clinic, hospital, or doctor’s office when they were being trafficked, right back out the door to be trafficked again. 
reporting serious health consequences of being trafficked and pimps eager to get their victims healthy for continued exploitation for profit, medical professionals are on the front lines of trafficking interventions. We must make sure that the health care professionals are equipped to assist in effectuating freedom for trafficking victims whenever possible. We must think carefully about protocols for how to report suspected victims to authority. We don’t want to put her in further danger. We must strategize ways to ensure the victims receive the help that they need. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a very, very important bill, and I do hope my colleagues will support it. Again, I thank Mrs. ELLMERS for her leadership on it. 
no additional speakers at this time, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
how proud I am of our Congress and our colleagues on both sides of the aisle coming together to work on very, very important legislation dealing with those who have been trafficked. Human trafficking is a travesty, it is a heinous crime, and it is today’s modernday slavery. 
eradicate in this country. This is what the American people need for us to be a part of and work on. 
I am just so happy that we are dealing with an issue that is going to affect so many out there in this country who do not have a voice right now. We have the opportunity now to stand up for what is right. We have the opportunity to do what is right, and by us working together and having legislation that will be sponsored in the Senate, as many of us do, we feel very strongly that this will become law, and we will be able to enact it and help those victims so that they can be looking towards recovery and empowering their lives. 
day with 12 different bills that we are addressing. I am just so proud to be a part of it. 
support of H.R. 398, the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015, introduced by Energy and Commerce Committee member RENEE ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
I wish this bill and others related to trafficking today were not necessary. But the sad reality is that according to the U.S. Department of Justice, human trafficking is the second fastest growing criminal industry—just behind drug trafficking. Adding to the urgency is that approximately half of all victims are children. It makes you sick. 
grave violation of human rights. Too often, this is a crime that goes unnoticed and it is one that is not well understood. It is simply too hard to imagine that a crime this horrendous could be happening right here on American soil, let alone in your own backyard. But it is. Not only does human trafficking occur in the United States, it is a lucrative business with billions of dollars in profits. It continues because victims are not easily identified and they are afraid. It happens in our own communities, because we are unaware. Today, we stand up and say no more. 
free, they need help. Health care professionals are one of the few groups to interact with trafficked women and girls and can be one source of help as twentyeight percent of trafficked women sought treatment from a health care professional while being held captive. Recent studies show that health care professionals are well positioned to be first responders if they have the training and skills to identify and help victims. 
Health Care Act would provide for the development of evidencebased best practices to help health care providers to identify and assist victims of human trafficking. The bill requires HHS to award a grant to a medical or nursing school to develop best practices for medical personnel. These best practices will be tested in a pilot program conducted at Community Health Centers (CHCs) in each of the 10 administrative regions. The results of the pilot will be shared with the medical community for their consideration. This bill offers 
us an important opportunity to work with the medical community to improve awareness and ensure that human trafficking education and practice becomes a part of basic health care training. 
I thank Rep. ELLMERS for her hard work this 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
today to call for the immediate release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who remains illegally jailed in Russia. 
Ms. Savchenko was captured by Russiandirected forces in eastern Ukraine in June of 2014 and transferred to a prison in Voronezh, Russia. She is still imprisoned there today, now in her second month of a hunger strike that 
demonstrates to the world the inhumanity of her capture. 
interrogation in which she was handcuffed to a metal pipe, and yet we are assured by Russia she is ‘‘being treated well.’’ 
Ukraine, as we are so often assured by Russia, should they hold Ms. Savchenko at all? 
Savchenko Day, a global, digital effort to raise awareness to her ongoing fight. The campaign shines a light on the disrespect for international law the Kremlin continues to demonstrate. 
campaign and introduce, along with our colleagues from the Ukrainian Caucus, House Resolution 50, calling to mind her struggle and demanding her immediate release. 
The hunger strike began on December 13 and her health continues to deteriorate. 
been a beacon for liberty. I salute her bravery in the face of overt Russian aggregation. Her courage shines like a brilliant, brilliant beacon for liberty loving people everywhere. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Congress has reconvened, none of the important legislation that we have considered here has gone through the regular committee process. Yet, with each election, we send people to the Congress of the United States with a wide range of perspectives, with lots of goodwill, with lots of good intentions— Democrats and Republicans alike. The simple truth, however, is that the House leadership has prevented these voices from being heard in the regular committee process. In fact, Congress has, sadly, become one of the most undemocratic institutions in America. 
Mr. Speaker, stop denying the Members of Congress the opportunity and the public the opportunity to find common ground. The failure of the process is at the heart of gridlock. It is at the heart of congressional failure. Allow bills once again to come up through the regular committee process, where amendments are heard, considered, and voted upon. 
Mr. Speaker, give Congress the opportunity to work together once again in the spirit of bipartisanship that the American people are so desperately hungry for. HONORING WILHELMINA HENRY, A 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to honor a pioneer in education, Ms. Wilhelmina Henry, who will be 95 years old this month. Ms. Henry is Stockton, California’s, first Black teacher. 
Born in South Carolina, she graduated from high school at the age of 16 and went on to earn a degree from the Tuskegee Institute—one of our country’s oldest and most prestigious Historically Black Colleges. She began her teaching career after World War II in segregated schools in South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama before moving to Stockton in 1947. 
resistance, Ms. Henry persevered with courage and dignity, retiring after almost 50 years of educating our children. Her legacy is carried on by both her daughter, Rachelle Mimms, who is also a Stockton teacher, and at the Stockton elementary school that is named in her honor. 
recognizing Ms. Henry’s courage in breaking the color barrier for teachers and in paving the way for many others who have followed in her footsteps. 
week, as we consider measures aimed at combating human trafficking, I remind my colleagues of the estimated 1.6 million runaway or homeless youths under the age of 18 in the United States. 
Act was enacted in 1974 to help combat these growing numbers, and it is the sole Federal law targeting unaccompanied youths. Through this law, we are able to fund important local programs to serve our homeless youths. They provide shelter, counseling, family reunification, and aftercare, and they reduce the chance that young people will become victims of human trafficking. 
have helped pass the reauthorization of this important funding in 2008, but that 5year authorization expired in 2014, and now action must be taken. Congress has a responsibility to help ensure that homeless young people in America have a place to seek shelter and to find safety while laying a foundation for new opportunities. 
I call on my colleagues to join me in 
supporting a reauthorization of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act and help the hundreds of thousands of children who sleep on our streets every night. HOLOCAUST REMEMBRANCE 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
sign and about the psychological impact and the sadness that it must have had on millions of Holocaust survivors and on victims of the Holocaust as they walked into the concentration camps 70 years ago in Auschwitz and saw that sign, knowing they would never make it out free. 
10th anniversary of the International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz. 
to honor the memory of the millions who lost their lives and of those who survived but experienced unspeakable horrors. We must always remember the tragedy of the Holocaust in order to ensure that this dark time in human history is never repeated. Injustices and violence against any person because of one’s faith, race, or ethnic background should never be tolerated. Today and every day, we must honor the memory of the Holocaust victims and ensure we renew our commitment to ‘‘never again.’’ 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today as a voice for the thousands of human trafficking victims both abroad and in this country. 
often beaten, starved, and forced to work as prostitutes or to take grueling jobs as migrant and domestic workers. Time and time again, we hear terrible stories of violence, death, and trauma against innocent men, women, and children who have been trafficked through organized crime rings and even terrorist organizations. 
stand up for justice and human dignity. The bills we are considering today will improve collaboration between government agencies, will cut down on human trafficking, and will better protect victims. Ending human trafficking is a bipartisan issue that must remain a priority. 
notion of ‘‘equality and justice for all.’’ That is why I cosponsored a bipartisan bill with my North Carolina Republican colleague, MARK WALKER . H.R. 
460, the Human Trafficking Detection Act, prioritizes training for the prevention and the detection of trafficked victims, and it brings us one step closer to finding a solution to this terrible tragedy of human trafficking. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the Republican border bill, originally scheduled for this week, contains a provision buried on page 78 that would expand the Pentagon’s 1033 program. This program transfers billions of dollars of Defense Department equipment to law enforcement agencies without any congressional oversight or community input. The bill adds a border securities activities priority to the program that will quietly funnel militarygrade weapons to law enforcement for this new, fully defined priority. 
not learn the tragic lessons of Ferguson, Missouri, last summer as the Nation saw the devastating result of a militarized police force. If this bill is brought back up, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment in order to curb the expansion of this program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 
chart has been up, really, for the last 4 years, and I keep bringing it back because it is pretty important. This is about American jobs, about how we can rebuild the American economy, and about how we can, at the same time, provide employment opportunities— those middle class jobs that we all want to talk about—and do it in a way that actually improves our environment. 
Today, I want to focus on one part of 
this. I have asked some of my colleagues to join us, and Congresswoman HAHN will be joining us in a few moments to talk about a piece of this. 
we have these items: international trade, which is critically important that we do right; tax policies of all kinds; our energy policy. Oh. By the way, in the last 5 years, the energy policy of the administration’s has almost made the United States energy independent. We are actually producing 4 billion more barrels of oil a day now than we were 6 or 7 years ago, so we do have an energy policy—green energy, moving away from the greenhouse gasses; a labor policy; education, the training of our workers; research, which is critically important. We may come to that later today, but I really want to focus on this one which is at the bottom because it is foundational. The foundation of the economy of the United States is the infrastructure. Way, way back, the Founding Fathers—everybody around here wants to talk about the Founding Fathers and what the Founding Fathers would do and how they would act. I will tell you what George Washington did in his first weeks in office. 
the Treasury Secretary, and said: Hey, Alex. Develop an economic development plan for me. How are we going to grow our economy? 
back—he formed a committee of one, and he came back with a plan of, maybe, 30, 40 pages, and in that plan was fundamental infrastructure development. 
He said the role of the Federal Government is to make sure that we have postal roads, to make sure that we have ports and canals—the infrastructure of the day. 
to the Founding Fathers—they ought to also consider the mothers. In any case, infrastructure was fundamental. Today, I want to talk about infrastructure, and I want to do it in a way that will really, hopefully, excite this body into passing a very robust, complete surface transportation infrastructure bill. 
Now, President Obama and Department of Transportation Secretary Foxx have made a proposal called ‘‘Build America.’’ It is a good proposal that covers all of the elements that we need—the highways, the ports, the railroads, freight. All of those things are in that bill. Unfortunately, it didn’t have a hearing last year. Hopefully, it will be foundational this year as we consider in the next 3 months a surface transportation infrastructure bill for the United States because, in May, the world comes to an end as the programs of the Federal Government’s for transportation expire. We need a new law going forward, so what we want to talk about today is that issue. 
I am going to take just a few seconds. 
Every now and then, somebody sends brochures and studies to us. This one came from Duke University, the Center on Globalization, Governance & Competitiveness: ‘‘Infrastructure Investment Creates American Jobs,’’ and they have got this little executive summary which is really helpful to us: 
Old and broken transportation infrastructure makes the United States less competitive than 15 of our major trading partners and makes American manufacturers less efficient in getting goods to market. 
you want to come in and talk about ports. 
costs the United States over 900,000 jobs, including 97,000 American manufacturing jobs. 
when rebuilding infrastructure has the potential to create even more jobs. Relying on Americanmade inputs can also mitigate safety concerns related to largescale outsourcing. b1700 
bothers me about my home State of California is the way in which the State of California decided to build the San FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge. We are talking about a multibilliondollar project, $3.9 billion over budget, 12 years late, and the steel in that bridge came from China. How brilliant was that? 
delay was the steel was delayed, the steel was faulty, and the welds were faulty. There were 3,000 jobs in China 
and zero jobs in the United States. By the way, the Chinese demanded that they be the inspectors on the job—not good at all. This kind of tells us about why making it in America is important. 
like to brag about New York, since that is a long, long way from my district, but the Tappan Zee Bridge in New York was built with American steel, had a $3.9 billion total project cost, 7,728 American workers were hired, and it was designed to last 100 years without any major structural maintenance. 
here and probably carry on some bragging. We have got a lot to brag about in California, but we cannot brag about what happened with the San Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge because it was a financial disaster. It was a jobs disaster for the United States, for American workers. Even today, there are continuing reports coming out about the faulty bridge construction. 
American jobs, and if we require that those investments be made in America, we are going to be talking about Americans going back to work. All of us talk about the middle class. Well, let’s build the infrastructure, let’s use American made materials, and let’s really build American jobs for the middle class. 
Ms. HAHN, I believe you have something to say about ports. The fact is that you represent the two biggest ports in America, you will argue: Long Beach and the Port of Los Angeles. 
certainly, on Make It In America, but really reminding our colleagues and all Americans how important these projects are in terms of repairing our infrastructure, as well as creating good American jobs. 
many of our colleagues in really pressing Congress this year to take action to improve our Nation’s outdated, underfunded ports and to repair and replace crumbling roads and dangerous bridges. 
I serve on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. I founded and cochair our congressional bipartisan PORTS Caucus, so I work closely with not only Democrats, but I am working very closely with Republicans. 
and transportation. I am really hoping that we can work together across the aisle and understand that making these essential investments in America’s transportation and infrastructure will create goodpaying jobs, will help American businesses to compete globally, and it will improve the quality of life for families in every single congressional district. 
rights—I represent the Port of Los Angeles, and ALANLOWENTHAL represents 
the Port of Long Beach. Together, we consider them America’s ports. They are the largest port complex in the country. They account for about 40 percent of all trade that comes through this country, it comes through our ports. 
As the cochair of the PORTS Caucus, I am an advocate for all ports in this country because the entire port network, the entire network of highways, roads, bridges, and infrastructure that move freight across this country, needs some champions here in Congress. 
moving goods across our country. It is important for small businesses, and even if you live hundreds of miles from the nearest port, whether you realize it or not, everyone depends on our ports to get the goods to the stores, to the factories, and to the businesses that many of our colleagues represent. 
Maybe you live or work in an agricultural or industrial area. We know that they produce something that America exports to foreign markets. 
in making sure that our freight network—our Nation’s transportation system—is in good condition, is modern, efficient, and safe so that cargo can travel to the ports where it is loaded on the ships to get overseas. 
I loved that in the State of the Union 
last week, President Obama said that ‘‘21st century businesses need 21st century infrastructure.’’ The deteriorating infrastructure, crumbling roads, and collapsing bridges that are part of our current national freight network are a threat to America’s prosperity and our global competitiveness. 
to recognize the need to make repairs and upgrades, but we have been stuck on how to pay for them. 
I am going to reintroduce this Congress that will create a dedicated funding stream for these vital projects—and listen to this—without raising taxes or imposing any additional fees. 
I have come up with an idea how to 
fund our national freight network, and I am hoping I can get broad support in this Congress. Let me repeat: it does not raise taxes one penny, and it does not increase any fees to any businesses in America. 
What it does is divert 5 percent of the 
fees that we already collect on imports in this country—money that currently goes to the U.S. Treasury’s general 
fund—and we can create a new national freight trust fund. 
We collect $39 billion a year nationwide in these import fees. Setting aside just 5 percent of those would give this national freight trust fund about $2 billion a year that we could use to repair roads, highways, and bridges—the last mile to ease congestion into our ports across this country. Again, it is not going to raise taxes or fees. 
transportation bill. I am working with Chairman SHUSTER and some of the 
committee members on our Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to see if my legislation can be a part of that as a way just to fund our freight network. 
It is different than funding the highway trust fund, which is our normal roads and bridges. This is different. This is about the network that moves goods in this country. I hope you will support me. 
on this very Special Hour. This is an issue, Mr. GARAMENDI , I know that we 
agree on. I know that our Republican colleagues will agree with us on this. 
can do as a huge gift to the American people: find something in a bipartisan way, some common ground that we agree on, that will really repair infrastructure and create good jobs here in America. I think this is an issue that will, I believe, make the American people happy. 
put forward almost seems magical. If it was magic, you would have figured it out—and you did—but to use money that is already going into the general fund and divert it back to what it was really intended to—that is the enhancement of our ports—is entirely 
I suppose that I am a coauthor. Ms. HAHN. I am sure you are. If you 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I am sure I will be. The rest of the story that we have is 
that we need to take a look at our transportation infrastructure specifically in a very holistic, universal way. It does us no good to improve the interstate highway system when the link between the ports and the interstate highway system doesn’t work. 
For example, I–10 in southern California that you and I know so very well is the way you get out of those two ports onto the interstate highway system. It is rather inadequate. That is an example of that linkage that you are talking about. 
talk about here. I welcome you to stay. We will probably circle back on it. 
there are some ports in Ohio that quite possibly are in MARCY KAPTUR ’s district. 
Ms. K APTUR , if you would join us on 
this issue of infrastructure and jobs and making it in America. Ms. KAPTUR. What a pleasure it is 
to join you this evening, and thank you for your continuing leadership on jobs, infrastructure—jobs in America, not outsourcing our jobs elsewhere—and to also be joined by Congresswoman HAHN, such an incredible leader who 
has made such a difference not just in California, but in communities across this country. 
she has done legislatively over these last 5 years to help our ports develop, to connect rail to ports, highway to rail. It is really amazing what her leadership has done in forming the PORTS Caucus. Thank you very much, Congresswoman HAHN. 
you. Obviously, I am in a different part of the country, but we understand what it means to Make It In America. I think the last company in Washington, D.C., our Nation’s Capital, was the old Government Printing Office that used to print some of its goods here, but it doesn’t anymore. 
here, and what is interesting to look at, Congressman GARAMENDI talks 
about the transportation and infrastructure bill. No bill that this Congress could pass would create more jobs than that bill. We hope to have it cleared. 
I know Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO are working very 
hard on that. I know Members like Congressman GARAMENDI are helping 
create tens of thousands of jobs across this country. Look at every community you go to, and look at what is unfinished. Old bridges are falling down. There used to be a song, ‘‘London Bridge is Falling Down.’’ Well, I think they are falling down in America now. Highways are not complete. We have old airports. 
bridges falling down, this is the Interstate 5 bridge in northern Washington State that fell down 2 years ago. Interstate 5 is the main intercontinental highway from Mexico to Canada through California, Oregon, and Washington. It created a bit of a traffic jam when it went down. 
have so many unmet needs in my own community that spans a river called the Maumee River, the largest river that flows into the Great Lakes. 
We built a new bridge, but the challenge there today is with the weather. Ice is forming on the tensile spans, and they have had to close the bridge for 3 or 4 days at a time, for fear that these ice plates will fall on trucks and cars. We have to fix this problem. 
All these issues are all over the country, so the transportation and infrastructure bill is essential. I thought in discussing this tonight that I would put a couple of really important figures on the RECORD . 
Caucus here and how much gets imported into our country and what gets exported. Well, here is a chart that gives you a sense of how many more imports come in here than exports go out. 
Since the mid1970s and then the passage of NAFTA here, this represents the growing share of imports over exports into our country. Since about 1975, our country has amassed $9.5 trillion in red ink with the world. 
That is hard to imagine for most people, but that translates into 47.5 million lost jobs in our country just due to trade—not technology, but more imports coming in than exports going out. We have lost twothirds of our manufacturing jobs. 
development in America which yields jobs in America, these are just the figures relating to one country with which we have held a massive deficit since the passage of NAFTA. NAFTA passed back in 1993. Our country moved into a gigantic deficit with Mexico. 
this means lost American jobs, to other places, and our people struggling, wages not rising, more parttime work, fewer benefits. 
able to see what happened with the recent Department of Transportation ruling. They gave a green light to long haul, crossborder trucking by Mexicanbased carriers, despite lingering safety concerns. 
It is the jobs, but it is also the safety 
that you talk about. The Department of Transportation simply looked the other way when the inspector general found serious flaws in the pilot program meant to test this new authority. 
common denominator for the continent. Foreign corporate interests trump the safety of the American people. And we know that flawed trade deals cost us jobs. They harm our economy, and they put people at risk on both sides of the border. 
So it is time to start fixing the damage, not creating more. I thank the gentleman for allowing us the time to express our views this evening. 
agenda, they have trade up here at the top, and you very well pointed out the problems that occur with an unfair trade deal, NAFTA being but one. 
asked us, Members of Congress, to pass what is known as the Fast Track, which basically gives authority to the President to cut a deal and then bring it to Congress, and we don’t get to amend it. It is either an upordown vote. They say that is the only way they can negotiate. 
Well, if that is so, then that is no 
way to negotiate because we are the representatives—actually the Constitution very clearly leaves to Congress the 
about to find a situation in which we give to the administration unfettered authority to cut a deal on international trade when you consider what happened with NAFTA, when you consider some of the other trade deals that have hollowed out the American manufacturing sector. 
Associated with that chart are real lives, real middle class families. We had just over 19 million middle class families in manufacturing in 1990. It went down to just over 10 million as a result of these trade deals that you talked about. We are now beginning to come back up, principally because of cheap energy in the United States, natural gas specifically. So we have got a ways to go here. 
as Members of Congress, representatives of the American people, that we don’t give away even more American jobs. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Yes, I thank the gentleman so much for pointing that out. 
and others talk about this latest NAFTA deal, they are calling it the TPP now. They always give it initials or something—NAFTA, CAFTA, KORUS—it is always initials so the American people really can’t quite understand what all that is about. 
This one they are calling TPP. Mr. GARAMENDI. The TransPacific 
had was Korea. With Korea they promised, they said, we will be able to sell 50,000 American cars in Korea. 
sold, the Koreans have sold 500,000 here. We never got the 50,000 in there, didn’t get it—closed market, deal not kept. 
I have a bill that I have introduced in 
several Congresses called the Balancing Trade Act, which basically says to the executive branch, for any country with which the United States has amassed a $10 billion trade deficit, let’s go back and figure out what is the problem? Why do we have a deficit rather than a balance or a surplus? And before we pass any more trade deals, fix that first. 
problems—we spent a lot of time talking about this 2 years ago, and it has dropped off the discussion table, although it should come back—is the manipulation of the Chinese currency so that China is able to maintain a very, very significant trade advantage visa vis the United States by the pricing of the Chinese currency. Grossly unfair, something that we need, as representatives of the American people and the middle class and the manufacturing sector, to forcefully address in legislation such as you have just described, where the administration is required to look at the problem, and then make 
suggestions, or correct the problem if it does not take an act of Congress. 
talking about American jobs. We are talking about the middle class. 
days ago in his State of the Union and talked about the middle class. He called it a middle class economic policy—absolutely correct. 
issue intervenes in that program and, quite likely, will further harm the middle class by hollowing out the American manufacturing sector. So let’s be careful here about these trade deals. 
from Mexico. A few years back, I was the insurance commissioner in California, elected by the people of California, and we were discussing with Mexico the insurance on those trucks that, under NAFTA, were supposed to come into the United States. 
been solved—I am not the insurance commissioner now, but I remember very well—we were unable to develop with Mexico an insurance policy in Mexico that would transfer into the United States and cover these trucks that were in the United States. They said it wasn’t necessary. 
Well, my staff and I looked at the details of the insurance and we said, this isn’t worthy insurance. This isn’t going to protect somebody that is run over by a Mexican truck. So we demanded, and at that time, we actually stalled. 
But it appears now that the Department of Transportation is moving forward, and I surely hope that this insurance issue has been solved. 
Now, if I might go back to a little bit 
of infrastructure and the transportation issue, as we pointed out in our discussion thus far, we have to come to grips, within the next 3 months, with a new transportation, surface transportation program for the United States. 
billion dollars—again, this comes from Duke University, which produced this report, ‘‘Infrastructure Investment Creates American Jobs’’—the Duke Center on Globalization, Governance and Competitiveness, in their summary, they point out that for every billion dollars invested in transportation infrastructure, there are 21,671 jobs created. 
For every dollar invested in transportation infrastructure, $3.54 is returned to the economy. 
This is an older study. I used this 2 years ago. I am going to have to rewrite this because this one says, for every dollar invested in infrastructure investment, $1.57 is pumped into the American economy. That came from Mark Zandi. But this now is 3 years old. 
indicates that this number, $1.57, really ought to be $3.54. So, wait a minute, fellows. This is even better. 
done. Let’s pump it into the economy. And if we just met the minimum needs, as we see them today, it is about $111 billion a year for the next 5 years that we should spend on this infrastructure for transportation. 
That is a lot of money. But even $100 
billion, we would find that we would create 2,470,000 jobs. That is 58 percent more jobs than the current funding level would provide and over $400 billion in total economic impact. 
if we really want middle class jobs, we would pass a very robust surface transportation program so that the ports, as Ms. HAHN talked about, so that the 
highways and the trade programs that you talked about, so that all those things could come together, and we could really jumpstart the economy and provide that middle class economic impact that all of us are now talking about, including the President. So this could be done, and we fully intend to do it. 
you would like to join our—to come back into our discussion, Ms. KAPTUR , 
Ms. KAPTUR. Well, I wanted to divert just a moment, if I could, to tell the story of one valiant American who is a very hardworking American, and when we don’t make it in America, what happens to our people. 
may be listening to call their Member of Congress if they have a story like this from someone in their family, to please share it with us so that we can be a voice for these families across our country who have been harmed and are waiting for a transportation bill to be passed so they can go to work rebuilding America but, meanwhile, being hurt by international trade agreements that have outsourced their jobs. 
briefly, the story of Richard Hahn, a tradesman from northern Ohio whose job was outsourced to Mexico, one of the countries we talked about, and whose current job faces new trade threats as foreign steel floods our market. 
with York International as an electrician, 23 years to be exact. He rose through the ranks to the status of 100th in seniority from his dedication and commitment to York International. 
closed its Elyria, Ohio, facility and moved production to Monterrey, Mexico, leaving 900 workers without work, without a paycheck, without any assistance to move on. 
After uprooting production to Mexico, York reached status as the world’s largest independent manufacturer of airconditioning, heating, and refrigeration machinery, and this left it as a prime buy for Johnson Controls, which acquired the company in 2005. 
were given no training or retraining to find a replacement job, but York International continued to thrive. Its parent company, Johnson Controls, even continues to receive Department of Defense contracts to manufacture the same airconditioning, heating, and refrigeration machinery. 
forced to accept unemployment as he desperately sought work in Elyria, Ohio. Many of his 900 colleagues moved their families out of Ohio, not finding any hope for reemployment in their hometown where they wanted to stay. 
now, and Mr. Hahn is facing the trade theft of his job all over again. Although currently employed with U.S. Steel as an electrician, his and 614 colleagues’ positions are under threat of layoff. U.S. Steel will have to idle its plant in coming months because they cannot continue to secure contracts to keep it running. 
complaints about foreigndumped steel and, unfortunately, Mr. Hahn’s story is not unique. In fact, he said, his story is depicted best by quoting Billy Joel: ‘‘We’re all waiting here in Allentown, but it sure is getting hard to stay.’’ 
than your parents’ is dissolving, and free trade deals are to blame for the shuttered factories. 
this great land have lived their own tale, in their own Allentown, and I encourage them to write or call their Member of Congress, just as Richard Hahn has bravely shared his story with me. 
has impacted your life and your ability to provide for your families. The more stories we receive from the American people, the more tales we can tell here on this floor and work with Congressman GARAMENDI to free our Nation 
from these flawed deals and make goods in America again so that our people can lead a decent way of life and not have their futures taken from them. 
for holding this Special Order tonight. I used Mr. Hahn as an example of someone who has the finest work ethic, so highly trained, struggling out there to try to maintain work. It shouldn’t be this hard in the greatest nation in the world. 
very, very much for bringing to our attention one of your constituents who faced this situation. There were 8 million other American workers who found themselves unemployed as these trade deals went into effect and American jobs moved to Mexico, to China, and other places around the world. So we must focus on Mr. Hahn and on those who share that. 
came in, I talked about steel. Again, this article was from Duke University, and they have a chapter here, ‘‘A Tale 
Two of Bridges.’’ One is the San Francisco/Oakland Bay Bridge—they have the Chinese flag behind the bridge— built with Chinese steel, almost a $7 billion project, of which $3.9 billion was over budget. It was 12 years late. There were 3,000 Chinese workers hired. Very serious questions have been raised about the quality of the construction. 
Zee Bridge, built with U.S. steel. The total project cost $3.9 billion. 7,728 workers were hired, and it is designed to last for 100 years without major maintenance. There is Mr. Hahn’s job. It is that U.S. steel, made in America. 
I very quickly want to give two examples of where Make It In America really, really counts. This is one I have often used. This is near my district—in fact, about a mile or two from my district in Sacramento, California. 
was a provision for some $600 million, $700 million for Amtrak to buy new locomotives for the east coast here. This is an electric locomotive. There was a sentence added to that $600 million, $700 million law for it to be 100 percent American made. 
Now, nobody was making locomotives in the United States at the time, nobody. But Siemens, a German company, looked at it and goes, 70, 80 locomotives; a $600 million, $700 million contract; made in America—we could do that. So the German company, Siemens, used a plant that they had in Sacramento that was making light railcars and said: Okay. We are going to make light railcars, and we are going to make locomotives. 
They are now producing the locomotives 100 percent American made. Hundreds of jobs in the Sacramento area. And then all across America, there are manufacturers that are making the wheels, probably making the doorknobs or the system that attaches to the electrical line overhead. 
Made in America. Why? Because Congress wrote a law—by the way, no Republicans voted for it; this was the stimulus bill—made a law that said it must be 100 percent American made. 
I don’t have a picture. I wish I did. If 
I had thought about it earlier, I would have brought one. 
how much of our natural gas we are going to export. It is called liquefied natural gas, LNG, liquefied natural gas. There is an export plant, a $20 billion export plant built on the gulf coast in Texas, owned by a company called Cheniere. They are 3, 5 months away from the first export of that natural gas. There is a lot of discussion about how much we can export without driving up the price, and that would be very harmful to American consumers— home heating, manufacturing, and the like. But what they do export will take 100 ships to export from that single export terminal, 100 ships. 
And I am going: Let me see now. Natural gas is a strategic national asset 
cost of energy in the United States, extremely important. American mariners are absolutely essential to our national defense, as are the domestic ships. Thirdly, the shipyards are essential for the U.S. Navy. These are three strategic assets that the United States has. 
in the Rules Committee that almost was adopted that said, if we are going to export a strategic national asset, then let us also build two additional strategic assets. The mariners, the captains, the mates, the seamen, let them participate in this export of natural gas, and let’s build the ships in America. 
presently authorized for construction. Cheniere has completed a second terminal of about the same size. It is going in near Corpus Christi, Texas. And there are three others. So we may be talking somewhere between 300 to 400 ships needed to export a strategic national asset. 
then let us enhance our Nation’s security by building those ships in America. We are talking about hundreds of thousands of American jobs in our shipyards, in our manufacturing facilities in Ohio, building the pumps and the pipes and the valves and the compressors that are necessary. This is a big, big deal. And while we guarantee those jobs for the American shipyards, we also strengthen the U.S. Navy’s ability to build ships at a reasonable cost. 
this with one simple piece of legislation that isn’t more than 20 lines long. Now, that is exciting. 
Trains, planes, ships. It is in America’s future. It has been in our past. And it is the policies, the policies of the American Government, that set these in place and in motion. 
Ms. KAPTUR . We can do that. And we 
can move production to Ohio manufacturing, the shipyards on the gulf coast, the east coast, and the west coast. It is all there for us. 
you think about our strategic reserve in terms of the military, if America enters conflicts, often we don’t have those fleets within the Department of Defense. We have to lease them from the private sector. So we would modernize that capacity for our country in the event it would be needed. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Exactly so. Exactly so. It is absolutely critical to our national defense that we have a strong maritime industry. We used to have the biggest maritime industry in the world. We have just given it away for many, many different reasons. But it can be rebuilt. 
then I am going to wrap. And if you would like to participate in the wrap, then we can do that. At this moment, Amtrak is out with 
a request for a proposal to build 30, 33 new trains, highspeed rail trains for the northeast corridor, from Washington, D.C., to Boston, highspeed trains that can go 160, 200 miles an hour, reducing the commute time. That request for a proposal to manufacturers around the world is coupled with a waiver of the Buy America requirements. We are talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of American taxpayer money and a waiver of the Buy America requirements because Amtrak said they don’t build them in the United States. Well, that is true. We don’t build highspeed rail in the United States, and we never will if we give waivers. 
But if we set in place a solid requirement that American taxpayer money is going to be spent on Americanmade equipment, we will build in the United States facilities to manufacture high speed rail. The same thing applies in California with the California high speed rail system. 
rail. The question for us in our policy debates is: In our future, will those highspeed rail trains be built in America, or will they be built in China or Korea or Japan or Europe? 
I want America to succeed, too. And I know that if we stick to this Make It In America agenda, we will rebuild the American middle class. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I want to say, Congressman GARAMENDI , you are such a 
leader for jobs in America. I am sure your constituents are cheering not just tonight but every day for you and for your work here. You keep the Congress focused, both sides of the aisle, on Make It In America, on trade, taxes, energy, labor, education, research, infrastructure, and, over them all, jobs. 
this is what the trade deficit looks like today when we know we aren’t building, whether it is tubes or whether it is trains or whether it is enough trucks in this country, cars. Imagine if we were to turn it the other way and America started making it in America and exporting to the world rather than the reverse. We would have such an economic recovery, it would astound the American people. It is amazing what we have been able to retain, even with this hemorrhage that has occurred over the last three decades. 
to the importance of transportation and infrastructure as a key job creator in this country. If we could pass that bill early this year, what we would do for this economy, and add Buy America provisions to several of the bills that will be coming before us. I will join you in that effort. 
KAPTUR . It is very, very exciting that a 
policy statement, a law put forth by 435 of us here and 100 over in the Senate can really dramatically alter America’s economy and do it in a way that doesn’t really cost us more money 
but simply requires that our tax dollars be spent on Americanmade equipment so that American workers can prosper. 
and use their own tax dollars to buy goods from China, that is their business. Fine, go do it. But if it is your tax dollars and my tax dollars, then it ought to be made in America. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for the time. I yield back the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
today to take some time on the floor of the United States Congress—the House of Representatives, to be specific—to honor and recognize the service of our law enforcement agencies across this great country. 
the reactions from the tragic death of Michael Brown last August. Almost continually, every week, we hear of some tragic death, a shooting incident across this country. And we all understand and realize that all loss of life is a tragedy, but there has been an outbreak of violence across this great country that is equally disturbing, resulting in the brutal assassination of two law enforcement officers just before Christmas. 
officer for 33 years in King County, which is a county in Seattle, Washington. I started when I was 21 years old in 1972. I worked in a police car, and I was a detective. I worked the street undercover for a short time. I never knew when I left home if I would see my family, when would be the next time that I would see my wife, my children. When I told them goodbye for a day at the office, I didn’t know if I was coming back home and neither did they. But every law enforcement officer across this great country lives with that knowledge, and every family member lives with that fear. 
anniversaries. I would be called out in the middle of the day or the middle of the night or on the weekend. I remember one day missing my daughter’s birthday. On Christmas Eve, I remember driving around in the middle of the 
relatives parked in their driveways; and they were in, sharing Christmas dinner and presents with their family and friends. 
hours a day, 7 days a week. I have been in Congress for 10 years, but I was a cop for 33 years. 
A lot of people think ‘‘cop’’ is a derogatory remark, but it is actually a badge of honor. I was the sheriff for the last 8 years of my career. One thing I said when I left, if the members of the King County Sheriff’s Office, which are nearly 1,100—it is the 12th largest sheriff’s office in the country—said that DAVEREICHERT was a great cop, that is 
If they said I was a good sheriff, that 
was icing on the cake, but I just wanted to be known as a good cop working my district and my beat and doing the job that I was trained to do and serving the public. 
Police officers do what they do because they care. They go to work every day because they want to save lives, not to take lives. They put up with ridicule and harassment, assaults, and even the ultimate sacrifice—death—always facing dangerous situations, putting their lives between their communities—the public—and danger. 
sacrifice is made. During my career, I lost a partner and a good friend who was shot and killed in 1982. In 1984, I lost another partner and a good friend who was stabbed to death with a sword. 
These men died serving and protecting their community, but they left behind family. They left behind sons, daughters, spouses, orphaned children, and widowed. The men and women who keep us safe find themselves in life anddeath situations far too often. In many instances, Mr. Speaker, taking down a bad guy means losing a good guy too. 
easy. I remember one instance that I was working plainclothes and went in with a group of my team of officers on a drug search warrant. I was the sergeant leading that team. 
door, turn to the right, and make sure that the bathroom in that small apartment was secure. We went in the front door. I kicked in the bathroom door, and I found a person sitting on the toilet. 
a rubber band around his bicep and a heroin needle stuck in his arm. I could see that his eyes were glazed over. I told him to raise his hands; instead of doing that, he grabbed a gun. 
that man. In a split second, he grabbed a gun, and my life was in danger, but I had a feeling I could talk him out of that gun. I just had a feeling I could reason with this man, even though he was high on heroin. I didn’t shoot, and I was able to talk 
him out of his gun. In fact, he dropped it in the toilet. What would you do, Mr. Speaker, if you were standing there with that decision? In an instant, you had to make a decision: shoot or don’t shoot. 
Our men and women who wear uniforms every day have to make that splitsecond decision. Now, they don’t always make the right decision, but more often than not, they do. The men and women in uniform across this country are human beings, and they make mistakes, as we all do; we need to understand that. 
officers expect to have scrutiny applied. They expect oversight, they expect to have the action they took reviewed, reviewed, and reviewed, and they respect the rule of law, the process of the review, the investigation, and the judicial process that needs to take place. 
we need to recognize that process too. Reacting to bad situations by disregarding the rule of law only makes things worse in this Nation. It creates harm in our communities, rather than harmony. Everyone must come together. 
should be partners, protecting our families. Communities and law enforcement should be partners. Just as I was a partner with my partners that I spoke about earlier, communities should be our partner, law enforcement’s partner. 
each other. Communities must trust their police department. The police department and the sheriff’s office must trust the community, work with one another, and depend on one another. 
I think, Mr. Speaker, if we do that, if 
we can stop for a moment, listen to the facts, and respect the law that exists here in the United States of America— the greatest country in the world— yeah, we are not perfect, but we have the best system. 
we have the best system—and where it needs to be changed, let’s change it— but as the process goes through, let’s respect it. If we do that together, Mr. Speaker, we can continue to live in the greatest country in this world. 
I want to conclude my opening statements just by saying that I really think it is important for us across this Nation to pause and remember to thank our law enforcement officers. 
thank you. It is just one of ways that we can support them and show that support, but I think, even more importantly, let’s pray for them and pray for their families, but let’s also pray for the communities that they serve, that the communities see the tough job they have to do and the sacrifices they make. 
Pray for peace, understanding, cooperation, trust, and let’s pray, Mr. Speaker, that we have a partner in 
each other, a partner that we can trust that will back us up. Law enforcement backing up the community and the community backing up the police officers, that is where I would like to see this go, Mr. Speaker. 
tonight who want to share their comments about their community and their relationship with law enforcement. 
I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). 
the gentleman, and I thank you for the time, but I thank you most of all for your service to the people of your community and what you have done for them and your proxy for hundreds of thousands of law enforcement officers that do that day in and day out, and we take them for granted. 
of families because we sometimes forget that these law enforcement officers have families. They have husbands, wives, mothers, fathers, sons, daughters, and friends. 
day, those people and their family and their friends are not certain they will come back. How many of us, when we go off to work, our family and friends think, ‘‘Well, he may not come back’’? What a terrible thing that must be, how difficult that is for the family. 
My grandfather was a sheriff in Mobile County in Alabama in the twenties and thirties. I wasn’t alive during that point in time, but I remember my father telling stories about that. 
night and they had to do things on patrol or to go out and apprehend somebody who committed a crime and how upset it would leave him as a child thinking: Where is my dad going? Is he going to be okay? We take that for granted, but the families don’t take that for granted because they have to live with it day in and day out. 
officers in terms of how they relate to a criminal. Well, oftentimes, the most important person or persons they are relating with are victims. 
cases, the saviors—of victims, people who are getting ready to be hurt by a criminal, and—but for a law enforcement officer—they would be hurt and maybe even killed. 
into an inherently dangerous situation to keep those people from harm and maybe even save them from death. It may be a phone call that goes to 911 in the dead of night, a woman screaming into the phone: My husband has a gun, and he is going to use it against me. 
A law enforcement officer is dispensed to that environment, not knowing in that highly emotionally charged moment whether that gun is going to be used on him or the person he has come to save. 
the person that is about to commit a crime is apprehended and charged with a crime less than actually hurting somebody, but a person has been saved; a person has been saved from harm or perhaps death. 
and been someone who has been a victim, when a law enforcement officer comes up and saves you in that moment, you realize that but for those law enforcement officers who do that day in and day out, we could all be victims of a horrible crime, and we take that for granted. 
of a violent crime. We were stopped one night by three young men who tried to rob us. They had a knife and said they had a gun. My wife was pregnant. They took our jewelry and then threw her to the ground which could have not only hurt her, but hurt the baby. 
Fortunately, some of the people involved with the main perpetrator realized it was time to run, and as they did, we could scream out. As we screamed out, neighbors called the police. They came very quickly. 
I can tell you when you are in that 
moment and you feel that sense of fear because people have weapons that they want to use against you and they have already used physical violence against you, when that squad car comes up and the man or men or women in uniform step out, you feel safe. 
they are not safe because they have to go out. Their official duty is to try to apprehend that person and do whatever it takes to protect the rest of us. We take that for granted, and we should never, ever take that for granted. 
enforcement officers in the United States lost their lives in the line of duty. So far in this young year in the United States already, nine law enforcement officers have lost their lives in the line of duty. 
One of them was lost last night in my 
home county, Baldwin County, Alabama, a police officer—a fine police officer—with the city of Loxley, and we take that for granted. He got in his car at the beginning of the day, kissed his wife, went to work, and didn’t come home. 
can use times like this to remember what we gain from people who put on the uniform of law enforcement to serve us and to protect us. ‘‘Serve and protect,’’ that is the motto. 
Americans tonight will go to bed, will put our heads on that pillow, and will go to sleep safe, knowing that these men and women are patrolling the streets of our country to keep danger away from us. 
perhaps we should do one more thing: let’s say a little prayer for those men and women who patrol the streets of our country to protect all of us and maintain the quality of life that we all 
for this time tonight, your service to your community and to our country, and hope you will continue to remind us in the days to come of what we owe to the men and women that wear law enforcement uniforms throughout America. 
the gentleman for his kind comments and for being here tonight to share his support of our law enforcement officers across this great Nation. 
yielding me the time, but also for his service as a law enforcement officer because when he speaks on the floor of the House on behalf of our Nation’s law enforcement officers—the men and women who put their lives on the line every day—he speaks from personal experience. I have heard those experiences a number of times, and I thank you for that. 
There are others here in the Congress, Mr. Speaker, who have served in law enforcement, and we thank them as well. I am particularly pleased that Dave is hosting this Special Order tonight to show our respect and deep gratitude for the thousands of law enforcement officers across the country who serve our communities and the American people daily. 
on the rule of law, and every day, law enforcement officers carry out this legacy. They protect our neighborhoods from criminals, fight crime, ensure justice, and keep the peace. They patrol neighborhoods late at night and early in the morning while we sleep in the comforts of our homes. 
Since 9/11, our Nation’s law enforcement officers are now the first to respond to terrorist attacks. On that tragic day nearly 14 years ago, NYPD officers and other first responders were running into the crumbling towers to save people as everyone else was running out. 
one on the scene when a terrorist attempted to ignite a car bomb in Times Square. 
Marathon bombings in April 2013. The Boston police responded immediately to aid the wounded and implement emergency plans. 
made the ultimate sacrifice on our behalf. Last year alone, 120 law enforcement officers died in the line of duty, including three from the Commonwealth of Virginia. These are sober reminders that our Nation’s law enforcement professionals face danger every day as they carry out their duty to protect the American people. 
Committee, I have the privilege to work with Federal law enforcement 
agencies. All too often, we fail to recognize how the dedicated men and women of law enforcement make sacrifices—some sacrificing their lives—to preserve law and order and keep our communities, our States, and our Nation safe. These brave men and women are heroes and deserve to be recognized and honored for their service to our country. 
taking this time to have this law enforcement Special Order. 
your hard work as the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and I thank you for coming tonight and sharing your comments. 
Next, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ). I am sure she 
wants to talk about her great sheriff in Spokane. 
right, and the former great sheriff from King County, whom I have the privilege of serving with now in the United States House of Representatives. Thank you, Congressman REICHERT , for 
your leadership and your service both as sheriff and local law enforcement officer, and also for bringing us together tonight. 
for those who have served and those who currently serve. 
enforcement to keep us from harm’s way. It is easy to take those who serve for granted. Tonight, I am privileged to stand here and to say thank you. Thank you for your service, thank you for your commitment, thank you for the sacrifices and all of the acts of heroism. 
buckle up our seat belts and hit the roads or kiss our children good night, we know that our first responders will be there if we ever need them, and they will do everything they can to keep us safe. Sometimes it is nice to know they are out there on the roads in case something happens. Our police officers and firefighters get up every morning not knowing what their day will look like, not knowing with certainty if they will be home for dinner. 
threats facing America, growing unrest around the world, these men and women are ready to answer the call of duty at any moment. They do it out of a great sense of service and commitment, to serve and to protect. Men and women in uniform across eastern Washington and throughout this country put their lives on the line every day. 
Knezovich and Police Chief Frank Straub, we are so grateful for their 
leadership, effective leadership, bringing down overall crime rates. It is really a testament to them. I actually have the privilege of working with 10 sheriffs in eastern Washington who are having a tremendous impact on keeping our communities safe. 
Their families, too, take on tremendous sacrifices for it is their loved ones who go out into the streets to keep us safe. These are husbands, wives, moms, and dads whose sense of honor and whose commitment to our country is worthy of our profound gratitude. For in America, we are blessed to live in a nation whose law enforcement officers will do everything they can to keep us safe. 
Washington and all across the country for serving. These men and women deserve our respect, our thanks, and they deserve a lifetime of appreciation. 
CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS for her comments and her support of law enforcement officers and sheriffs that she works with. 
ago than that—I was the president of the Washington State Sheriffs Association, and so I had the opportunity to work with all of the sheriffs and police chiefs in Washington State. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT). 
gentleman from Washington State for yielding to me, and I thank him for his very distinguished career in law enforcement for all of those 30plus years. He had a great reputation, served honorably, and was involved in some very highprofile cases that are, I think, worthy of a lot of discussion. 
I wanted to take time today to express my strong support for the brave men and women who serve on our Nation’s Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies. Particularly, I would like to honor two New York City police officers, Officers Ramos and Liu, who were brutally slain in an ambush on December 20, targeted simply because they wore the New York Police Department uniform. 
and the father of two young children. He had just celebrated his 40th birthday. Officer Liu, who married just 3 months ago, leaves behind his devastated young wife and parents. All across the Nation, the thoughts and prayers of grateful citizens go out to their families, friends, and officers who served with them. 
not terribly far from New York City. I have to tell you, I believe the New York City Police Department is among the finest big city police departments anywhere in the world. I remember September 11, 2001, we saw firefighters and police officers and others rush down to the Twin Towers. 
heroism because many of them gave that last full measure of devotion on that day. There was no profession more 
noble than being a police officer at that time, and particularly a New York City police officer. How times have changed in a fairly short period of time. 
has come under fire because they have implemented very effective police practices which have been a model for the rest of the Nation, have kept crime rates low, and is something we should be celebrating, that department and the men and women who work there. It is a very diverse police department, among the most diverse anywhere. 
other sad tragedy that we dealt with this year in my own State. It was the beautiful fall foliage of Pennsylvania’s Pocono Mountains that was the backdrop of a horror that many northeastern Pennsylvanians had to deal with for several weeks. 
our own loss on September 12, 2014, when State Police Corporal Bryon Dickson was murdered under what appear to be similar circumstances to those in New York. He was shot to death because of the badge that he wore. 
wounded in that same incident. We are pleased to hear that Trooper Douglass is recovering steadily, and we wish him the best in his long road to a full recovery. But what followed that horrific attack and assassination was a truly impressive 7week manhunt for Eric Frein, the shooter and selftrained, selfdescribed survivalist. 
local law enforcement agencies from Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York teamed with the FBI, U.S. Marshals Service, and ATF, and it was amazing. What we witnessed was an amazing testament to police work, which ended successfully with the surrender of Frein, and there were no shots fired. Frein, I should note, is currently standing trial. 
Police work is certainly, as Congressman REICHERT knows better than anyone in this room, and Congressman NUGENT , too, they know that police 
work is inherently dangerous. Officers must enforce the law in any number of difficult situations under pressures few outside the military could possibly understand, from routine traffic stops to domestic violence situations to hostage cases to murder scenes. America’s finest must deal with it all. They deserve our support, and they most assuredly have mine. 
While we have recently seen a handful of high profile cases of citizens clashing with police, anyone who has ever attended a local crime watch meeting knows that police officers care deeply about the communities they serve. I have attended so many of these meetings over the years, both as a State legislator and even as a Congressman, numerous crime watch meetings in some pretty tough areas, and I was always so impressed with the 
way the officers immersed themselves in the daily life of the neighborhoods for which they were responsible. No problem was too small. They would deal with it. 
Now is the time for all of us to roll 
up our sleeves and work to address the underlying issues that have animated enormous emotions in communities across our country. 
member of the bipartisan House Law Enforcement Caucus, I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance Federal policy that supports all of the brave men and women who have sworn to protect and serve. 
I thank the gentleman from Washington State for putting on this hour tonight. We need to spend more time celebrating the fine men and women who serve us. 
the words that you shared, I could make a lot of followup statements, but our time is limited. But I do want to focus on one of the points that you made, just briefly. 
did in my career was in 1982 when my partner, as I mentioned earlier, was shot and killed. It was a 3day manhunt for the person responsible in the Cascade foothills. Finally, he was captured, and I was the only homicide detective at the scene, and they put me in the backseat with the killer of my good friend and partner. He was handcuffed. 
him his rights. He had three things to say to me. Number one, of course, he wasn’t sorry; number two, I’m thirsty; and number three, I’m hungry. I think he wanted his handcuffs loosened, too; they were too tight. So I loosened his handcuffs. We stopped at a Burger King and bought him food and got him something to drink, and then, of course, he went to jail. 
man who just took my partner’s life— my good friend, my best friend—3 days before was tough. And those are the kinds of things that cops deal with 
every day. And thank you for recognizing the emotional difficulty, not only for the officers, but for the community. It was a heavy day, a heavy week, a heavy month for the entire community. And, of course, the family still lives on with the loss of their father and husband. 
for your leadership on this critical evening to express the will of so many Members of Congress that hopefully is the will of the American people. I thank you for your service not only here in Congress, but also for serving the people of King County as sheriff. 
some of our dear friends who are sheriffs or police chiefs, many times we 
don’t even refer to them by name. It is 
‘‘sheriff’’ or ‘‘chief.’’ But tonight, I want to talk a little bit about what I call most of my law enforcement colleagues in western North Carolina. I call them friends. I want to tell a few personal stories. 
Before I do that, I want to share a 
little bit about the gentleman from Washington who is leading this tonight, because it is real easy to see the professional side of a Member who serves with distinction here in this body, but sometimes the people back home miss the personal side. 
of bills on human trafficking and the unbelievable blight that is on our Nation and on our world where we have more people today in modernday slavery than at the height of the slave trade. But it is personal for this gentleman to my left because time and time again, in meetings, he has brought up the plight of those young girls, their being trafficked at the hands of so many that are out there. It is that personal side that we can applaud tonight, not only for my colleague, but for many of the sheriffs and chiefs that I have the honor of knowing because of being in this position. 
story, but there is one police chief in my area who shared a story about one of his officers who was working for him who puts his life on the line every single day, and he does it for a little over $12 an hour. When I heard that, I could hardly believe it, because as we start to see the dedication with which our law enforcement officers truly put themselves out each and every day, not only them, but their families—and we expect them to come home. 
Mr. Speaker, as has been shared previously, sometimes, they don’t come home; so we must do a better job of standing by our law enforcement officers each and every day to thank them, to go out of our way, to make sure that we thank them for their service, thank their families for their sacrifice. 
missed, anniversaries that are missed, dinner engagements that are missed because when the phone rings or when the call goes off or when the beeper is alert, they are always there. Not answering that call is not an option for them. They are always available. 
Carolina, we have sheriffs who are getting involved to make sure that the homeless have a place, a warm bed, and a hot meal; a sheriff that has actually gone out in his community in one of my counties that makes sure that those that are in need have a place on Halloween night to come and celebrate in a safe environment; dedicated volunteers over and over; a sheriff back home who really works tirelessly to make sure that the needs of those that are most needy in his community are taken care of—story upon story, Mr. Speaker, of people who put politics 
aside and put the interests of their community first. 
Whether it is a Democrat or Republican, they all work together to make sure that what happens is that their community is safe. 
I think it is time that the American people stand up and have their back. We need to make sure that we stand with them. 
for his leadership on this issue, and for his service. 
the gentleman for his comments and also appreciate in the meetings and the hearings that we have been in your commitment to end—not just sort of have an impact on human trafficking, but ending, eliminating human trafficking in this country and across the globe. Thank you for your hard work. 
paying tribute to law enforcement, recognizing their service each and every day. 
on this floor to thank and to recognize my local law enforcement community, law enforcement officers, law enforcement leadership from Pinellas County, Florida—the cities of St. Petersburg, Clearwater, Tarpon Springs, and others—and, with Tarpon Springs, remember an officer who our community lost just 4 days before Christmas, Officer Charles Kondek, whose end of watch was December 21, leaving behind a family and children. 
and which the vast majority of Americans do every day—but we also are a Congress who must offer solutions and who must act. One of the ways in which we can act is to ensure, just as we do for our men and women of the military, that our law enforcement have the tools and technology necessary to do their job. 
is, indeed, funded locally, there is a program—the 1033 program that has been debated so much during this past year—that provides equipment, protective equipment, tools, and technology for our law enforcement officers to do their job. That is a Federal program that should not be controversial. 
I have introduced legislation—because we are a solutionsoriented Congress—to continue the 1033 program, but to simply require one thing to address the concerns of so many, and that requirement is that local law enforcement leadership certify before receiving equipment that they have officers trained and capable of using the equipment. 
that our local law enforcement officers need, and, frankly, if it is not available to them through the 1033 program, they 
will purchase it as required by their local force, and it will cost local taxpayers the money to do so. 
Here is the importance of this legislation. It says two things. First, it says that this Congress, your Representatives, want to do our part to provide for the safety of our law enforcement officers, but, secondly, subscribe to this radical notion that should not be controversial: we trust our local law enforcement leadership to set the right policing tone and to provide for the safety of their communities while they also provide for the safety of law enforcement officers that risk their lives every day, officers like Charles Kondek. 
we continue to look for ways not just to pay tribute to law enforcement officers, but to support the work they do every day, to consider this legislation that ensures this program will continue to provide tools and technology to law enforcement officers and says: You know what, we, as a Congress, trust our law enforcement leadership back home because they know best how to provide for the safety of our communities, how to set the tone of policing in our communities, and how to protect our law enforcement officers. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from Washington having this Special Order and allowing me time this evening. 
the gentleman for his comments and his staunch support of law enforcement and his support of 1033. We will work together on that, and I am sure other Members of Congress have an interest in working to make sure that that legislation gets passed. 
you to my colleague from Washington, Mr. REICHERT , for this opportunity and, 
really, privilege to be able to speak about those in law enforcement that are really on duty for us every day and being able to support and show my gratitude for them across our country because we know that they are there daily to keep us safe and secure in our communities. 
role and a vital responsibility to uphold our rule of law, which is the core of our Constitution and ensures everyone is accountable under the law. Everyone needs to be accountable under the law. That is a huge responsibility. 
It is up to us, whether it is in Congress or at the State legislative level or local government, to make sure that they have the tools that they need to do their job. In the time of budget cuts and other constraints put on them, their job gets that much harder; indeed, sometimes, they feel handcuffed in their ability to do their work. 
When you speak to the officers sometimes—they always have an air of professionalism about them, but when you 
don’t feel very appreciated and that they don’t have the tools to do what they need because of things sometimes the government does or frivolous lawsuits, for example. 
officials participating in vilifying our people in law enforcement. That is really, really irresponsible because we are all in this together, us as lawmakers and those in the executive branch down to our beat officer that has that responsibility. We are supposed to work together in upholding the law and making sure they have the tools, as well as providing oversight. 
behaving the way they should, but as we see so hyped lately with a tiny, tiny minority of incidents out there compared to the contacts—I heard a statistic the other day, much less than 1 percent of contacts that officers have with the public results in any kind of physical action needed, much less than 1 percent; yet you would think, from all the hype, from all the media, it was a much higher number than that. 
helping you out. You have brushes with the law here and there, but they are very professional in what they do. What you really need to do is step into their shoes for a minute, think about where they have come from to get where they are. 
to get through background to be accepted into academy and be accepted into whatever force that they are working in. It is a high bar. You can’t have a bad record in your background. They have chosen to come forward and put themselves at risk. 
in their jobs if they have made it through academy and were brought on to a force. If they are called into a situation, they don’t really have the option of saying: No, I am not going to go. 
they have a domestic problem, what have you, they have got to get to a solution because someone’s lives may be at stake inside that home, even though there might be something outside that would make you or I uncomfortable, a mean dog in the yard or some characters hanging around outside that you wouldn’t normally want to deal with. They have to get to a solution on that because somebody called them, somebody dialed 911, and we expect that they are going to get to a solution. 
Officers have to go into every situation prepared for the worst because it could mean their life, maybe their partner’s life, or someone else in a vulnerable situation that has called upon them. 
shoes, we all have a responsibility to make their jobs simpler. It could even help us in not being in a mistaken situation because they have to plan for the worst and hope for the best. 
they might be a little stressed on every call, every car they might pull over for 
speeding or a broken taillight or having to answer to someone’s household or even a bigger deal like a bank robbery. 
They have to be prepared every moment because it is their life or the other lives around them. They have to have the protocol and the training to know how to handle that situation just right. 
look at the amount of stress that they are going through to do that, they do an amazing, remarkable job of getting it right; so we need to give them a little grace, a little room to do their job as best they can. 
Then we have a responsibility as regular citizens to make their job easier. If they ask for your driver’s license and ID, just give it to them. If they ask you to stay in the car so that they can see where your hands are and stuff—they don’t know who else is in that car— make it where they can do their job, and you are going to have a heck of a lot better interaction with them. 
instructions out there how to get along with that. I have even seen comedians out there saying how not to get in trouble with the police. 
on that because we need them more so than ever in a country that is becoming less and less safe, it seems, from outside threats, as well as people within that don’t seem to understand the rule of law and sometimes governing officials that don’t seem to care about upholding it. We all have the responsibility as citizens. 
in the previous year, well over 100 officers have been lost in the line of duty— and that is tragic—trying to defend us. 
I am glad to be able to stand here 
today with my colleague from Washington to recognize their bravery, their 
devotion, and for all of us to remember how to make their job a little bit easier. 
mentioned. One, some of those acts that police officers do each and every day to help families—people don’t hear about those officers that buy groceries for families that are less fortunate. 
River task force and working with families that had missing daughters or had lost their daughter to—I am not even going to mention his name—the monster serial killer from Seattle, delivering Christmas presents to those families, money out of their own pocket or time out of their own time in building a new bicycle for some young brother of one of the victims. 
in a neighborhood might hear about, but you never see on the news, you never see publicized, and you never really hear about it, so I appreciate that. The second thing the gentleman mentioned was training, and I really believe that that is one of the things that we can do to help law enforcement officers across this country. 
The National Blue Alert Act is another piece of legislation that we, I think, can work together to pass. It should be a bipartisan effort. The COPS Improvement and Reauthorization Act is another tool that we can provide and another bill to try to expedite the claims process for public safety officer benefits program. 
Justice has taken 3 to 4 years to decide whether or not a family should receive that benefit, that death benefit, when their spouse has been killed in the line 
Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for his comments. 
honor that I introduce the next Member of Congress and yield time to him, my good friend and partner who is also a career law enforcement officer for a couple of different departments, his last tour of duty was as a sheriff in Florida. 
There are two career law enforcement officers in Congress, as far as the two of us know, and we are standing right here. 
as my backup here in Congress, and I know he considers me his backup and partners here in supporting our law enforcement officers across this great country, and I thank Mr. NUGENT for 
his service in law enforcement and to his communities. 
situations throughout his career. Sometimes, we sit on the floor and share those stories with each other. The only really two that can understand some of these stories are really cops. 
thank the gentleman from Washington, Sheriff REICHERT . That is a term of endearment. It is won, a title that you earn. It is an opportunity to lead a great body of men and women. So when Sheriff REICHERT wanted to do this 
hour, it was, like he said, we have each other’s back. We have been through issues that we can relate to. 
When I first became a law enforcement officer, my mom said: You know, I could picture one of your brothers doing this, but not you. You just don’t have that temperament to be that bold, I guess is what she was saying, compared to my brothers. 
But at the end of the day, after 39 
years, and the last 10 as sheriff before I got elected to this office, those were 39 of the best years, and I guarantee it that DAVEREICHERT feels the same way 
with his tenure in law enforcement. I started out as a cop outside the city of Chicago and saw issues that I would rather not even mention. 
break, it was different. But at the same time, that changed over time too. From a small, sleepy sheriff’s office of about 40 individuals to, when I left, we had over 500 folks that served this great Nation in that community. 
You hear a lot on the news about law 
enforcement in that they want to make it sound like we are not human. In reality, I have been to those scenes where a law enforcement officer has been involved in a shooting where he has had to take somebody’s life. And that officer was so emotionally distraught, because that is not why they got into the business. It is not why I ever got into the business. You got into the business because you wanted to help people, you wanted to be there to protect people. That is what law enforcement is about. 
things happen to good people. Sheriff REICHERT mentioned the fact that 
sometimes police officers and deputies can make a mistake. We are only human. But when things are moving fast as the speed of light, you have got to think back as to what and why that officer did or didn’t do what he did at the time. 
And I worry about when elected officials see it as a political expedience to condemn police officers for something that occurred before they ever get the facts. DAVEREICHERT and I sit on the 
floor and we talk about that, about maybe, just maybe people should wait until the investigation is complete before you condemn somebody, until you walk in their shoes. The sheriff talked about the fact that I can remember back as a rookie having to work, and I took the shifts of guys that had families because I wasn’t married when it came down to holidays. I didn’t have a family, so I would take the shifts so they could be with their families. But it didn’t always work out that way. There was many a time that I missed Christmas, missed birthdays, missed wedding anniversaries because of service, and that is just not me. That is all the men and women that serve this country in local law enforcement and other law enforcement agencies throughout the United States. 
served with, I guarantee you could go out and make more money doing something else. They were bright, bright people. But their calling was to be a law enforcement officer. To go out there in the dead of night, climb up in an attic—remember that—you climb up in an attic and you don’t know what is up there, except you know there is a bad guy who is up there, and somebody has to go there and do it. At the end of the day, these men and women do it because they love the community they serve. 
what police officers do with their own money in regards to buying turkeys for Thanksgiving for families, buying Christmas presents for children that would not have a Christmas, doing summer camps for free for children because these children don’t have or didn’t have the ability to go to one of those paid summer camps—that is pretty neat. And we would, in our sheriff’s office, without using taxpayer money, with donations from clubs like Kiwanis and Rotary and others, pay for that so that these young men and these girls and boys could have the opportunity to interact with law enforcement, to actually see that, do you know what? We are human. That when we do these little games out there in the field and we have the things, water balloons or whatever it may be, that we are real people, because a lot of times, the only time they see a law enforcement officer is possibly during a domestic situation where they are arresting their mom or their dad. And that can jade anybody. 
because the things that they see no one here would want to see. There were times when I went home, getting off the midnight shift, and walked in my house at 6 o’clock in the morning. And what I had just seen the night before, you would have a hard time going to sleep, where you would grab your child—I can remember my youngest child at the time, my only child at the time—grabbing him and hugging him because of what I just saw some other parent do to their child that was unspeakable. 
military. Our middle son is a Black Hawk pilot in the Florida Army National Guard. He is also a deputy sheriff in one of the major counties in Florida. He wasn’t sure if that was the right job because, when they went through the class on child abuse, it struck a chord as a new dad: How could anyone do that to them? But do you know what? He has turned out to be a pretty good cop. And we say that with reverence; it is not a derogatory term. 
the uniform and that badge do it because they love people, not because they hate them. They do it because they really want to make a difference in their community. Their families are the ones that suffer the most. 
where I have had an officer killed in the line of duty, it breaks your heart. When I was a rookie officer outside of Chicago, right out of the academy, one of my academy mates was killed, shot and killed by a 12yearold in our first year on the job. You never know when it is going to hit. 
Springs went to work on the 21st of December, he kissed his wife and his kids goodbye, expecting to be there for Christmas. Little did he know that that was the last day of his life. The person who killed him shot him and then ran him over with a car. This is not what we want. 
that I love is, the same respect that we give our soldiers returning from war, that we give that to our police officers. 
That when you see them in a restaurant or you see them on the street or you see them on a call, thank them for what they do. They will be absolutely surprised and amazed, but grateful. 
people come up to them in the military and thank them for their service, there is no reason we can’t do the same for our law enforcement officers. 
the most humble guy I know in the stories, and he would never brag about himself, but he is a consummate professional. His bravery is unmatched, and his leadership, I am sure, at that sheriff’s office in Washington State is better for him being sheriff than not. 
There might be some people back in Washington State that might disagree with you. 
Mr. REICHERT. Absolutely. But I think that what you and I, and 
everyone who has spoken here tonight, have tried to do is to bring the personality, the humanness in the human heart, of a police officer to America tonight. And I think with two sheriffs here, it is a powerful way from the floor of the House of Representatives to share with people across this Nation through this media our thanks and gratitude to each and every man and woman who wears the uniform, who puts their life on the line, who knows that some day when they leave they know there is a possibility that they may not come home, and the families live with that too. 
or ’74. I had my throat slit with a butcher knife at a domestic violence call that we talked about a little earlier. My wife actually found out that I had my throat slit. She was sitting home watching the news, and they showed me being wheeled into the hospital out of the ambulance. She finally got a phone call, but she didn’t know if I was going to live or die. 
That happens every day in this country, ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Speaker, that happens every day here. An officer is injured, hurt, or killed somewhere across this Nation. And we need to be there, Mr. Speaker, to support them, we need to be there to pray for them and their families, and we need to be there to pray for our communities that they come together and be true partners in protecting our children and our families. 
KATKO ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Speaker recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) for 30 minutes. 
Order opportunity to discuss our Nation’s recent free trade agreements. And I will note that nomenclature: free trade. There are concerns about fair trade being the outcome, and we will be talking about that here in this format. 
ever before as our United States Trade Representative Ambassador Michael Froman testified before the House and Senate today. The TransPacific Partnership negotiations are being held as we speak this week in New York City. And some Members of Congress have suggested a trade promotion authority bill, better referenced as a ‘‘fast track,’’ that may be introduced in the near future, a fast track that would deny the checks and balances of Congress, one that would not allow us to actively overview the impact of these negotiated settlements, these contracts, and would require a simple thumbs upthumbs down vote without, again, that interactive quality that serves that responsibility to the Members of Congress. 
ability to conduct proper oversight and review these trade agreements that are currently being negotiated, including the TransPacific Partnership, we need to discuss how free trade agreements from the past two decades have not delivered on their promises. 
These trade deals will have farreaching impacts on American life. They could include impacts on food safety or perhaps affordable medicine or perhaps regulations with the banking industry, the financial industry. 
deals to move forward without thorough and proper consideration by Congress. Frankly, these deals have not lived up to the hype. President Obama indicated as much in his recent State of the Union message: ‘‘I’m the first one to admit that past trade deals haven’t always lived up to the hype.’’ 
North America Free Trade Agreement—or the Korean Free Trade Agreement, supporters of our past FTAs have promised these deals would create a good outcome, create United States jobs, create a lesser trade deficit, and improve global labor and global environmental standards. 
will be different. The TransPacific Partnership, which could cover a great majority of the international economy, has its supporters saying that this will be a 21st century agreement, far different from those that have preceded it. 
negotiators shows that it is being modeled by the negotiations, themselves, not by the negotiators, showing that it has been modeled on trade policies that have proven to offshore goodpaying 
jobs in our economy and to force wages down for America’s working families. That is why respected economists, including many who have previously supported free trade, such as Jeffrey Sachs, as well as Nobel Prize winners Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman, have expressed skepticism about the TransPacific Partnership negotiation. They are coming to realize what many of our constituents have long known: these trade agreements do not respond favorably to the American middle class. 
I don’t think TPP and TTIP rise close to 
the standard of being 21st century trade and investment agreements, not even close. They are very much 20th century agreements which were already out of date by the time they were negotiated. This is a NAFTA treaty writ large or these are the same negotiations that we have had in many other cases. 
I am, in general, a free trader, but I will be 
undismayed and even a bit relieved if the TPP just fades away. The first thing you need to know about trade deals in general is that they aren’t what they used to be. The glory days of trade negotiations and the days of deals like the Kennedy Round of the 1960s, which sharply reduced tariffs around the world, are long behind us. 
Based on the leaks—and the history of arrangements in past trade pacts—it is easy to infer the shape of the whole TPP, and it doesn’t look good. There is a real risk that it will benefit the wealthiest sliver of the American and global elite at the expense of everyone else. 
thoughtful discussion about jobs, about wages, about environmental standards that could be impacted, about child labor laws that could, perhaps, be thrust upon us that have been promised for every FTA in the past two decades. Sadly, our constituents are looking for that sort of progressive outcome that has not been realized, and, certainly, our workers have been impacted. I represent a district that is tremendously impacted by these trade negotiations. 
with my colleagues in order to get out the message about the broken promises of our trade agreements. 
who has been a very passionate voice on speaking out about these issues. He is TIMRYAN, our Representative from 
Ohio’s 13th District. Let me yield to Mr. RYAN so he can share some 
much. I want to thank the gentleman from New York. It is always fun to be here with you in the later evening hours. 
fair trade versus free trade and about some of these agreements, you have just got to go to the communities. I 
mean, this is not rocket science. Go to the communities that have been impacted over the last 20 or 30 years, going back to NAFTA and CAFTA and all of these other agreements, and look at them. Look at what has happened in places like Youngstown, Ohio, or in upstate New York or in Connecticut or up and down the east coast. 
Mr. Speaker, we have, in Ohio, several companies that, after the NAFTA 
agreement, started moving, wholesale, their manufacturing facilities from Warren, Ohio, or Youngstown, Ohio, to just over the border in Mexico—to just over the border with cheaper labor and no environmental or labor standards to be seen—and shipping the products right back over, decimating communities across Ohio, like the ones that we represent. 
Route 7. It goes from the lake all the way down the Ohio River. If you want to see what these trade agreements have done in the heartland, go take a ride down Route 7, especially the southern part. Go through Steubenville and East Liverpool, Ohio; go down to Portsmouth; go through Athens County, and you will see the erosion of what used to be the industrial might of the United States of America. They have eroded communities. 
it—is of unemployed people. Now there is no one to support the schools. Now there is no one to support the mental health levy. Now there is no one to support the libraries. Now there is no one to throw $20 in the basket at church on Sunday. The ripple effect throughout these communities has decimated the middle class, our communities, and has reduced opportunity for our young people, whom we want to thrive in manufacturing in the United States. 
I don’t want to see the GDP. I don’t 
want to see numbers. I want to see what it is doing for average Americans and middle class people—period, end of story. How does it help them? Drive through the communities, and you are going to see the evidence that we have not negotiated these agreements. If there is growth and if there are increased profits and if the stock market is going up, where is that money going? It is not going to the middle class people. There used to be middle class people in our congressional districts, and I have told this story before. 
We have a $1 billion steel mill that is 
located in Youngstown now. Why? The company asked us to fight to put tariffs on the dumped Chinese steel tubing that was coming in, and the President, to his credit, put the tariffs on. They built the steel mill. 
if you are dumping or if you are manipulating your currency, which is something that we have got to get in this agreement: real teeth into the currency manipulation issue—or the environment or labor, then people and companies will reinvest back in the United 
Route 7, going north and south in Ohio. To me, that is the most important part. What are we going to do? How are we going to write agreements? How are we going to structure our trade to operate in a way that draws investment into the United States? 
One last piece. The small and mediumsized manufacturers get hammered in this. Do you want to be pro business? Do you want to be pro middle class, small business, mediumsized businesses, tool and dye makers, momandpop manufacturers that operate in communities like ours—the people who treat their employees like they are family and are 
the ones who sponsor the Little League team or the soccer team? They are getting wiped out in these agreements, and we are not factoring them in. 
class, business community in the smaller and midsized cities in America, these are the kinds of things we need to factor in when we are operating. Yes, we have got to invest in roads and bridges. Yes, we have got to invest in infrastructure. We have got 
to do research. We have got to make sure that we have an educated, skilled workforce, and we should invest in manufacturing and all the rest; but the trade agreements are key. If you look at what Korea has done to our auto industry and to our trade deficit with Korea—just those two things—we have lost tens of thousands of jobs because of the Korea trade agreement, and our trade deficit with them has skyrocketed. 
want to bring back the State Route 7s in the Ohios of America, then we need to do exactly what you are saying, Mr. TONKO , and what R OSA DELAURO is 
going to say and what others are going to say tonight. We need to reframe the way we talk about this. 
here, and I appreciate your passion and how you believe and understand we have got to do real economic development in upstate New York and in places like my communities. Thank you for being a leader on this issue. 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representative RYAN, for bringing it right down to 
the basic, core ingredient, and that is the dignity of work for American families. You speak it so well for those you represent in Ohio. 
about promises for jobs, promises for worker opportunity, promises for environmental standards, promises for labor standards. We need to let the American public know exactly what is happening. If you are a believer in fair trade—not necessarily in free trade. If you believe in fair trade and if you don’t think of fast track, which is when we circumvent the authorities and responsibilities of Congress, then let your voice in Congress know that. Let everyone know what you are thinking, because these are critical moments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to a good friend 
and colleague who is a very outspoken voice for social and economic justice, who has spoken to the unfairness of 
these negotiated arrangements for trade, and who has led us as a Democratic Caucus in this House to speak out forcefully about the fasttrack process and about fair trade versus free trade. She is none other than my good friend and colleague from the Third District of the State of Connecticut, ROSADELAURO . 
to my colleague from New York and to my colleague from Ohio, TIMRYAN, 
who is just leaving the floor, and we have got Wisconsin in the House with Mr. POCAN . 
Mr. T ONKO , thank you for taking the 
lead on this effort. I can’t tell you how proud I am to join with men and women in this body who understand what is going on in the lives of working families today. 
need to walk in their shoes. That is what our job is—to represent their interests in this body. What do we know? We know that, in fact, they are in jobs today that don’t pay them enough money to survive. That is why we are organized and are taking on a process which can do nothing but harm them in the future. 
All of us who are engaged in this effort have been long supporters of the President’s and the administration’s, and we believe genuinely that he wants to improve the lives of working Americans; but on the issue of trade, I and all of us will oppose the administration because they are following the exact same trade policy that has failed in the past. 
TransPacific Partnership will bring jobs back to the United States, will raise our wages, but experience tells us that far too many trade agreements have done the exact opposite. The TPP is based on the same model as the Korea free trade agreement, negotiated just 2 years ago. Since that time, the United States’ trade deficit with South Korea has exploded by 50 percent. That translates into 60,000 lost jobs. This is a familiar picture: Korean products flood in, and American jobs flood out. When adjusted for inflation, our wages continue to slide. 
Princeton economist Alan Blinder estimates that as many as a quarter of American jobs will be offshored in the foreseeable future, and we know from past experience that the people who are laid off will see a significant drop in their wages—that is, if they are able to find another job. 
over the last 25 years have done nothing to ensure fair competition. Let’s take one example. The deals have failed to address the problem, which our colleague Congressman RYANmentioned, of currency manipulation. It is an unfair, artificial practice that has been devastating our automotive industry for a generation. Morgan Stanley estimates that currency manipulation gives each imported Japanese car an effective subsidy of between $1,500 and $5,700. That is neither free nor fair. 
the Peterson Institute wrote in Foreign Affairs just within the last several days: 
The United States has paid a major economic price for never having established an effective currency manipulation policy. 
both Republicans and Democrats— wrote to the United States Trade Representative to demand the inclusion of a strong and an enforceable currency manipulation chapter in the TransPacific Partnership agreement. So far, we have been ignored and dismissed. Put simply, if the agreement does not address currency manipulation, it will not be worth the paper that it is written on. It will be a green light to those who seek to compete unfairly with American manufacturing, and it will take away American jobs. 
about jobs have failed. They know that experience and the numbers are against them. So, instead, as with past trade agreements, we hear the fallback arguments based on foreign policy. 
If you listened to the Trade Representative today in the Senate Finance Committee, Mr. Froman, he talked about the danger of China, the specter of China. In the State of the Union, the President said that the TPP would help us counter China’s growing 
As the economist and Reagan appointee Clyde Prestowitz pointed out in the Los Angeles Times last week, ‘‘The everclosing linking of the U.S. economy to those of the TPP countries over the last 35 years has not prevented the rise of Chinese power.’’ 
U.S. trade partners and allies from developing ever closer ties with China.’’ 
They will not stop doing so just because we sign a trade agreement. In reality, the argument about China is nothing more than an attempt to distract the American public with scare tactics and that we are going to take on China. The administration should be above this kind of fearmongering. 
Throughout this process, the administration has chosen not to consult the Congress fully. Members of Congress have been denied access to the full text of the agreement. The American people have been cut out of the negotiation; yet in the State of the Union, the President asked the Congress for fast track promotion authority. 
has always been the negotiating guidelines that Congress gives to the administration. That is our job—to provide the negotiating guidelines—but the TransPacific Partnership has already been under negotiations for years, first under President Bush and now under President Obama. 
Earlier today, the U.S. Trade Representative told our colleagues in the Senate that he expected a deal ‘‘in the next small number of months.’’ How can the Congress give guidance on a deal that we have never seen, a deal that is, for all intents and purposes, already done? 
what it really is. It is an attempt to cut the Congress out of the process altogether. We should not stand for this, and when we get that fasttrack bill, we should vote it down. Bitter experience tells us that bad trade deals devastate jobs, devastate wages. That is why we should say ‘‘no’’ to this deeply flawed TransPacific Partnership. 
on this job of being here at 7 at night, all of us together, to say ‘‘no.’’ I think what we want to convey to the American public is that we are committed to work on their behalf and to make sure that they have a decent shot at a decent job with good wages. 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representative D ELAURO . You strike a very encouraging cord at the end of your comments. 
The American public needs to be engaged, if you believe that Congress should have overview responsibility, a checks and balances agenda, because these agreements need to be front and center about the wellbeing of American workers, and so call into this process, reach into this process, and share your opinion with those who speak for you in the House. 
Is a fast track a thing you want to 
see—without the information exchange—or do you want Congress to review these contracts and understand what impact there will be on the American economy, on American jobs, on standards for the environment, for public safety, for child labor laws, a number of things? 
We appreciate your comments. Ms. DELAURO. I would just make 
one other point. So many years ago, when we were discussing the Affordable Care Act, the American public said: Read the bill. 
very simply, to read the bill before we vote on it. 
bit of American style is about tethering the American Dream. The people come here to have the right to the dignity of work and to pursue that American Dream. 
in his second term, I believe, has been an outspoken voice for the American Dream. I yield to the Representative from Wisconsin’s Second District to share his thoughts about the process here for fast track and free versus fair trade. 
Mr. POCAN. Thank you, Representative TONKO , for your leadership. I really enjoyed working with you over the last several years. We are actually getting to the point that it looks like this 
round of negotiations upon us. I am so glad we are on the floor tonight talking about this and trying to channel the energy from the gentlewoman from Connecticut. I love her passion. 
This is an issue that goes far back for 
me. When I was 23, I started a small business in Madison, Wisconsin, a specialty printing business. One of the things we did is source Americanmade and unionmade products. We screen printed Tshirts and did promotional items like pens and lapel pins we wear as Members of Congress, all things that were done in the United States. 
deal after trade deal, I have watched the number of products made in the United States diminish. Tshirts, it is almost impossible to find a mill that still makes Tshirts and apparel in the United States. Almost everything is done in other countries or overseas, things like pens and our emblem pins. It is almost impossible to find Americanmade pens. 
from Madison, is the city of Janesville, where Representative PAUL RYAN is 
from and represents. That town used to have a thousand good, familysupporting wages at a company called Parker Pen which made quality, Americanmade pens. At one point, that was a thousand jobs in that region. 
With trade deal after trade deal, finally, a few years ago, we watched the last 150 of those jobs go to Mexico, those familysupporting wages that no longer exist in the company. They were then hit by GM closing down, which allowed even further job loss in that community. 
is those people that used to make $25 an hour in a manufacturing job who lost their job and, now, the best that might be available to them is a $10an hour job. You can’t pay your mortgage when you go from $25 an hour to $10 an hour. You can’t send your kids to college when you used to make $25 an hour and, now, you are making $10 an hour. 
too often leave because of bad trade deals; whether it be New York, Connecticut, Ohio, or Wisconsin, we have all seen the same thing happen across our communities. 
As much as I do agree with the President when he said in the State of the Union, Look, I’m the first one to admit that past trade deals haven’t always lived up to the hype—I think we all agree on that. We have seen that. We have seen that the jobs promised don’t happen, and that is why we have concern. 
about fasttrack authority. That is where we give up our right as Members of Congress, which means we give up our constituents’ right—a say—in these trade deals. This isn’t a Democratic issue. It isn’t a Republican issue. It 
isn’t an Independent issue. It is in the Constitution. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution says the Congress has the sole power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations.’’ 
For 200 years, that is the way it was, 
but President Nixon changed that when he seized those powers through a mechanism called fast track. It is a legislative technique used to kind of skid the way through for these trade deals. 
fasttrack authority, we give up our rights as Members of Congress and, therefore, the public’s right to question what is in one of these trade deals, the next trade deal that can have even more jobs leave the United States. 
to amend these agreements, and that is what fasttrack authority is. That is very likely the first vote we would see on the floor of Congress, which the President asked for in the State of the Union, but that gives our sole authority to the President. 
Now, I have a lot of respect and I 
agree with so much of what President Obama has done, but this isn’t about President Obama, and it is not about President George W. Bush and not about President Nixon or any other President who has tried to get these powers. It is about our ability as Members of Congress and the public to have a say through these trade deals. 
about the history of the fasttrack process, the last time we authorized fast track was in 2002, at 3:30 in the morning, right before a congressional recess, to bring this antiquated mechanism into place, and it was approved by only three votes. 
extreme procedure, even after it was getting renamed to try to make it sound a little more palatable. 
shouldn’t give up our authority. If you think about it, people say: If we don’t give the President authority, we won’t get trade expansion. 
In fact, President Bill Clinton was denied fasttrack authority for 6 of his 8 years in his office, but he completed more than 100 trade investment pacts without fast track. 
We are giving away our ability to actually see this document which, as you know, we haven’t seen. There are 29 chapters, only of which about five affect trade, and everything else from currency manipulation to medicines to food safety, all those things now are thrown into these deals that go way beyond what it was originally in place for, and we would have no say in that. 
the history of this country, and usually, it is to enact more controversial trade pacts. 
Trade Representative right now is redoing their Web site to make it more transparent. Here is transparency to 
Congress the text, show our staff the text, show the public the text. 
If this deal is as good as they have 
promised, then show us how great it is; but if this is nothing more than warmed over fast track or something else that is going to cost us jobs and depress our wages, then that is usually when this procedure is put in place. No offense to this President or to any President, but Congress has to have its say on fast track. 
for doing this. I just wanted to come by for a very few minutes to talk about that, but as this procedure could be coming before us in the coming month or months, we have to be ready. 
have been, to make sure we do everything possible to make sure the public knows what is in this deal, and that means Congress has to have our say, and that is why we have to oppose fast track. 
time. I continue to look forward to working with you on this issue. 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representative POCAN . I again urge the general 
public out there to engage in this process. Let your Representative know if you believe we should have overview authority and that we should have the chance to know what is in these negotiated agreements. 
the American Dream. It is about jobs. It is about wages. It is about critical labor standards. It is about critical environmental standards. We can make it happen. We can work on trade issues and have fair trade out there that will grow our economy and grow the American Dream for America’s working families. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 28, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
179. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s report on Foreign PolicyBased Export Controls for 2015, pursuant to the Export Administration Act of 1979, section 6, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
182. A letter from the Chief Operating Officer, Armed Forces Retirement Home, transmitting a report on a real estate lease transaction for a Charter School within the Sherman Building, pursuant to 24 U.S.C. 411; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20517, ‘‘Lawrence Guyot Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20518, ‘‘Percy Battle Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20551, ‘‘N Street 
Village, Inc. Tax and TOPA Exemption Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20514, ‘‘Promoting Economic Growth and Job Creation Through Technology Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20535, ‘‘Dedication of a Public Alley in Square 752, S.O. 1415491, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20512, ‘‘SeVerna, LLC, Real Property Tax Exemption and Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20538, ‘‘Trash Compactor Tax Incentive Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20539, ‘‘Behavioral Health System of Care Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20515, ‘‘Winter Sidewalk Safety Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20519, ‘‘Uniform Certificate of Title for Vessels Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 193. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20521, ‘‘Cashell Alley Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20549, ‘‘Youth Tanning Safety Regulation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20520, ‘‘Department of Parks and Recreation Feebased Use Permit Authority Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20501, ‘‘Paint Stewardship Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20530, ‘‘Conversion Therapy for Minors Prohibition Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20503, ‘‘Public Space Enforcement Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20559, ‘‘Insurance Holding Company and Credit for Reinsurance Modernization Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20502, ‘‘Plan for Comprehensive Services for Homeless Individuals at 425 2nd Street, N.W., Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20558, ‘‘Small and Certified Business Enterprise Waiver and Recertification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20562, ‘‘Inspector General Qualifications Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20556, ‘‘Soccer Stadium Development Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20554, ‘‘Turkey Bowl Revenue Generation and Sponsorship Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20561, ‘‘Firefighter Retirement While Under Disciplinary Investigation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20553, ‘‘Closing of a Portion of Manchester Lane, N.W., adjacent to Square 2742, S.O. 083083, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20560, ‘‘Sex Trafficking of Children Prevention Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20552, ‘‘Guardianship Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20534, ‘‘Criminalization of NonConsensual Pornography Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20533, ‘‘D.C. No Taxation Without Representation Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20532, ‘‘D.C. Rocks, So We Need One Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20531, ‘‘Wage Transparency Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20540, ‘‘Copper Intrauterine Device Access Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20516, ‘‘Dignity for Homeless Families Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20548, ‘‘Community Development Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20550, ‘‘PublicPrivate Partnership Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20511, ‘‘Housing Production Trust Fund Baseline Funding Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
218. A letter from the Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary for Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s FY 2014 Agency Financial Report, as required by the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act (FMFIA) of 1982; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
223. A letter from the Chief Financial Officer, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting the FY 2014 annual report, as required by the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act (FMFIA) of 1982; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Peace Corps, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 159. A bill to stop exploitation through trafficking (Rept. 114–6, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 181. A bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking (Rept. 114–7). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 285. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for knowingly selling advertising that offers certain commercial sex acts (Rept. 114–8). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 350. A bill to direct the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts, to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–9, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 399. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to gain and maintain operational control of the international borders of the United States, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–10, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 159 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs discharged from further consideration. H.R. 350 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committees on Armed Services, Natural Resources, and Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 399 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 539. A bill to amend part B of title III 
of the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for lower income individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK ): 
H.R. 540. A bill to restore the integrity of 
the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for himself, Ms. BROWN of Florida, Mr. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to eligible entities to establish, expand, or support schoolbased mentoring programs to assist atrisk middle school students with the transition from middle school to high school; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 542. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for the participation of doctors of chiropractic in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
GIBSON , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. L ONG, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee): 
H.R. 543. A bill to repeal title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for cooperative governing of individual health insurance coverage offered in interstate commerce; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
tax benefits for charitable cash contributions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 545. A bill to add engaging in or supporting hostilities against the United States to the list of acts for which United States nationals would lose their nationality; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BARTON (for himself, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. H ERRERA  
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. C HABOT , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 546. A bill to amend titles XIX and 
XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services 
to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and lowering costs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 547. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude major professional sports leagues from qualifying as tax exempt organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 548. A bill to amend title VII of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 to exclude the application of such title to employment practices that are in compliance with Federal regulations, and State laws, in certain areas; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 549. A bill to amend title VII of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 to require the EEOC to approve commencing or intervening in certain litigation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 550. A bill to direct the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to maintain uptodate information on its website regarding charges and actions brought by the Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. G IBSON , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. R EICHERT ): 
H.R. 551. A bill to amend part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act to provide full Federal funding of such part; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 552. A bill to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to eliminate all Federallyimposed mandates over the local budget process and financial management of the District of Columbia and the borrowing of money by the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 553. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage the use of 529 plans and Coverdell education savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 554. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage the use of 529 plans and Coverdell education savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 555. A bill to require an Exchange established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to notify individuals in the case that personal information of such individuals is known to have been acquired or accessed as a result of a breach of the security of any system maintained by the Exchange, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. TONKO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and 
H.R. 556. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers allowed to utilize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 557. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify safe harbor requirements applicable to automatic contribution arrangements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Ohio, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
TIBERI , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
JORDAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. L ATTA , Mr. T URNER , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. J OYCE ): 
H.R. 558. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ’Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. LANCE , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to designate New Jersey Task Force 1 as part of the National Urban Search and Rescue System; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
AMASH , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
FOXX, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N UGENT , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. R EED, Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. S HIMKUS, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. A USTIN  
WELCH , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
H.R. 560. A bill to amend the War Powers 
Resolution to limit the use of funds for introduction of the Armed Forces into hostilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 561. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Education to assess the impact of school start times on student health, wellbeing, and performance; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
earned school credits for foster youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. HAHN (for herself and Mr. DUNCANof Tennessee): 
H.R. 563. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish the Merchant Mariner Equity Compensation Fund to provide benefits to certain individuals who served in the United States merchant marine (including the Army Transport Service and the Naval Transport Service) during World War II; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself and Mr. SCHRADER ): 
H.R. 564. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
LEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
with respect to, and provide for coordination and coherence of, the Nation’s science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education initiatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 566. A bill to award grants to improve 
equality of access to technologyenabled education innovations and understanding of how partnerships of educational agencies and research institutions design and implement such innovations in ways that improve student outcomes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 567. A bill to provide that a former 
Member of Congress receiving compensation as a highlypaid lobbyist shall be ineligible to receive certain Federal retirement benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 568. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to prepare a report on the impact of thermal insulation on both energy and water use for potable hot water; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 569. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
the Interior from issuing oil and gas leases on portions of the Outer Continental Shelf located off the coast of New Jersey; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 570. A bill to discontinue Radio Martı ´ 
H.R. 571. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the treatment of whistleblower complaints by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 572. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who 
live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
awards to national estuary programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B ARR, 
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the Housing Trust Fund and the Capital Market Fund while such enterprises are in conservatorship or receivership, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
authority to award bonuses to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 576. A bill to amend the definition of 
Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. B ARR, Mr. L AMALFA , 
WESTERMAN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): 
H.R. 577. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H. Con. Res. 10. Concurrent resolution recognizing the challenges and burdens associated with the rising costs of a college education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the democratic Constitution of the Republic of India and United StatesIndia relations on India’s Republic Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
cowardly attack on innocent men, women, and children in the northeastern Nigerian town of Baga; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself, Mr. 
KAPTUR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. J OYCE , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Postal Service should take all appropriate measures to restore service standards in effect as of July 1, 2012; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
for the expenses of the Committee on Ethics in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for herself, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. T HOMPSON  
H. Res. 56. A resolution affirming the support of the United States for Macedonia’s accession to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. COHEN , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. K APTUR , 
H. Res. 57. A resolution urging the Secretary of State that in 2015, a year of significant anniversaries for the Jewish people, United States embassies in appropriate countries should commemorate this anniversary year with significant public events including the message that the opportunities for remembrance and reflection contained in these anniversaries are applicable to all peoples; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
for the expenses of the Committee on Armed Services in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
the Senate of the State of Illinois, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 42, requesting the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 539. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States[.]’’). The Action for Dental Health Act would use federal tax dollars to provide grants for elibigle oral health professionals to purchase mobile dental units to provide free dental services to underserved 
communcities. Furhtermore, increasing access to no or lowcost dental and oral health services improves the nation’s public health, or ‘‘general welfare[.]’’ Therefore, the Action for Dental Health Act is a valid exercise of the Taxing Clause. 
H.R. 540. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 of the Constitution of the United States; the power to constitute Tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court. 
The purpose of the bill is to amend the 
civil asset forfeiture procedures and Section 8, Clause 9 extends to Congress the power to create inferior courts and to make rules of procedure and evidence for such courts. 
H.R. 541. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution, Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, and clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 542. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 543. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 544. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and the 
H.R. 545. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 547. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 548. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 549. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 550. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 551. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of 
Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 552. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 553. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 554. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 555. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 556. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
H.R. 557. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 558. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 559. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clauses 11, 12, 13, 14, 
H.R. 561. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 562. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
H.R. 563. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitutional Authority of the United States Congress. 
Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 564. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 566. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 567. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 568. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution states that; a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 569. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 570. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ 
H.R. 571. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 572. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 573. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 574. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and power for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). 
H.R. 575. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 576. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the general welfare of the United States) and clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
H.R. 577. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 21: Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. P ERRY and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
HUDSON , Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 159: Ms. B ASSand Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 174: Mr. B OSTand Mr. H URT of Virginia. 
H.R. 198: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 199: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 217: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
MILLER of Florida, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. J ODYB. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 242: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Ms. R OYBAL  
H.R. 246: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. H ERRERA  
H.R. 264: Mr. M CNERNEY and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H.R. 285: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. Russell and Ms. 
H.R. 333: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
H.R. 359: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 398: Mr. K ILMER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Ms. M CSALLY , and Ms. 
H.R. 400: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. 
H.R. 401: Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. 
H.R. 419: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G OSAR and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 420: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W ILSON of South 
H.R. 427: Mr. R EEDand Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 431: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. E STY, Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. K USTER , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. 
Florida, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
FATTAH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. S EAN 
LARSEN of Washington, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. H OYER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
HURD of Texas, Mr. R USH, Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. F OSTER, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. K IND, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 460: Ms. M CSALLY and Ms. H ERRERA  
H.R. 461: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 478: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
H.R. 509: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 519: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. B URGESS. 
H.R. 525: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 529: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
H. Res. 11: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H. Res. 26: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. R USSELL. 
H. Res. 32: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. W ALZ, and 
H. Res. 45: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. Y ODER , 
H. Res. 49: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 351 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
the Committee on Agricultural in H.R. 399 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S495 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2015 No. 13 