last month Congress dealt with a trade package that centered on trade promotion authority; and those actions, while important, were really just the beginning of a very long process. 
TransPacific Partnership, the TPP, are still unresolved. There is a meeting at the end of this month in Hawaii where the finance ministers of 12 countries come together in an attempt to resolve these final questions. 
with the President, while I think trade promotion authority is important and worthy of support, that support does not imply support for the TransPacific Partnership. 
built into the trade promotion authority, it sets an appropriately high standard for approval. Everybody in America will have several months to examine the proposal if an agreement is reached to see if it measures up before the treaty can even be voted on by Congress. 
time to clarify and refine areas, for example, the investor state dispute process. While the United States’ investor state protections for public health and consumers are stronger than for most countries and are separate from the foreign investor state models that are being used by the United States Chamber of Commerce to promote the interests of Big Tobacco to undercut efforts to discourage smoking, there is still room for us to improve and clarify the American model, and we should do so. 
trade enforcement. Agreements that look good on paper, if they are not enforceable or enforced, are essentially meaningless. It is extremely important for the administration to demonstrate its commitment to enforcement. 
that I have introduced in the House that we have been able to get in part of the Senate package that would create a trade enforcement fund dedicated to help make sure agreements are enforced. 
could take immediately is to deal with disturbing actions in Peru that seem to undercut commitments that were made in the existing Peru free trade agreement dealing with illegal logging. It appears that Peru has backtracked on its commitments and that illegally harvested timber is finding its way into international markets and, indeed, into the United States. It would be a simple act for the administration to take that would demonstrate its commitment to strong enforcement by starting with Peru right now. 
deals with access to medicines. It appears that the TPP draft falls short on incentives for affordability and consumer protections and the trade promotion authority objective to ‘‘ensure that trade agreements foster innovation and promote access to medicines.’’ We need some work here. 
struck in 2007, which I was pleased to participate in, struck the right balance, creating incentives for innovation in pharmaceutical research and access to timely and affordable medicine for developing countries. This was achieved in part by requiring changes to provisions dealing with patent linkage where it looks like TPP is moving in the wrong direction. 
which, while not addressed in the May 10 agreement, are inconsistent with its spirit and its intent of ensuring timely access to affordable medicines in developing countries. For example, with biologic medicines, it appears the United States is seeking both patent linkage and 12 years of data exclusivity for all countries. The former would require a change in U.S. law, and the latter would prevent America from changing our laws to lower the exclusivity period, as has been proposed in the President’s own budget proposal. The combination of these two would have enormous cost implications both at home and abroad. 
These are examples where I am working to make sure the final agreement measures up to the criteria we have established in the trade promotion authority. 
colleagues to be clear about our intent and our expectations in order for any final agreement to be worthy of broad support. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, last week I had the pleasure of meeting with Doug Erwin. Doug is an extraordinary member of our West 
Virginia community who started the charitable organization called Backpack Buddies. 
gives meal supplements to children in elementary, middle, and high schools who received free or reduced lunches during the school year. Oftentimes, the meal that they receive at school is the only food that they eat all day. 
these children did for food during the summer. That is when Doug started Backpack Buddies. 
my district in the great State of West Virginia have come together to raise money to provide food to these children so they can get the extra help they need during the summer. Backpack Buddies is serving, now, over 1,600 children in Putnam, Boone, Cabell, and Kanawha Counties this summer. I would like to thank Doug, the business leaders in our community, and the volunteers who help make Backpack Buddies possible. 
separate issue, Mr. Speaker, several weeks ago, President Obama sent two of his top cronies in his war on coal, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell and Office of Surface Mining Director Joseph Pizarchik, to my home State of West Virginia. 
was to seek input for a new Obama regulation that is estimated to kill 80,000 coal jobs, but their rule had already been submitted for final review. They are not interested in hearing from West Virginians about the impact of their policies. Instead, they are checking a box. 
President from trying to implement his radical environmental agenda, and I will continue to do everything in my power to fight back on behalf of all West Virginians. That is why, this year, I introduced H.R. 1644, the STREAM Act, which will stop the President’s antimining regulations. I also included a provision in the House budget resolution that calls for defunding that regulation, and I will work with the appropriators to make sure it is not funded. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) for 5 minutes. 
Supreme Court decision in Citizens United, we have seen a massive wave of secret spending in our political system. There was over $100 million in dark, unregulated, and anonymous money spent in the 2014 midterm election cycle; and with the Presidential race right around the corner, that number is expected to balloon to over $600 million. 
the solution is far more difficult to achieve. Reluctantly, I have concluded that it is necessary to amend our Constitution to address a long line of case law that began before Citizens United and prevents the Congress from meaningfully regulating campaign expenditures. The constitutional amendment must not only overturn Citizens United, but the Arizona Free Enterprise Club’s Freedom Club PAC v. Bennett decision, which struck down an Arizona law that allowed public financing of a candidate if their opponent exceeded certain spending limits. 
allow Congress to set reasonable limits on expenditures and allow States to set up public financing for candidates if they choose to do so. 
I first ran for Congress in 2000, in a 
helped propel new campaign finance reform. It was this firsthand experience which convinced me that our elections have increasingly come to be polluted by everincreasing amounts of unregulated outside spending. 
spending that avoided limits because of misguided legal distinctions between contributions to a candidate and independent expenditures in support of a candidate, plagued that 2000 race and almost every major Federal race since. 
cosponsored the McCainFeingold Bipartisan Campaign Finance Reform Act, which attempted to ban soft money expenditures and allowed for public financing of campaigns. The bill passed, and for a brief window, the campaign finance system became more transparent and limited. That was, sadly, short lived. 
Court struck down decades of restrictions on corporate campaign spending and freed corporations to spend unlimited funds to run campaign advertisements. 
individuals and groups to spend with impunity, with only a theoretical restriction that they do not coordinate with campaigns, but the reality is that the FEC has dismissed 29 cases in which superPACs were suspected of illegally coordinating with candidates without even investigating the claims. 
contend with attacks by superPACs or soft money, as I was, disclosure laws at least allow us to alert voters to the special interest which is behind those expenditures. Candidates being drowned out in attacks paid for by dark money, however, don’t have that luxury. 
by exploiting IRS regulations, designating them ‘‘social welfare nonprofits,’’ which allow them to operate tax exempt and raise unlimited money completely anonymously. 
secret dollars to support campaigns could be construed to be in the interest of social welfare—nothing. Social welfare nonprofits are supposed to limit their political activity, but IRS audits, even of groups that spend vast amounts of their time and budget in support of candidates, are extremely rare. 
abuse can take years, at which point an election will long be over, the damage done. 
decades of legal precedent, the regulatory process is at a standstill, and still, we watch billions pour into campaigns and in increasingly anonymous fashion. 
constitutional amendment that allows Congress to set reasonable limits on both donations and expenditures and shines the light of day on both. IRAN 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. 
to join my colleagues to express a deep concern about the ongoing negotiations with Iran over the country’s nuclear capabilities. 
on the floor of this House, preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon is critical to securing peace in the region and protecting U.S. interests, including our close ally Israel. 
recent commitment not ‘‘to shave anywhere at the margins in order to just get an agreement’’ and to work for an agreement that will pass scrutiny. However, media reports from the negotiations in Vienna indicate that Iran has tried to renegotiate the previously released framework and continues to demand further concessions from international negotiators. 
Tehran is that all United Nations sanctions against the country, including the ban on the import or export of conventional arms, be lifted as part of any deal. 
Well, I have a response to that demand: unacceptable. Lifting the arms embargo would serve only to further destabilize the Middle East and accelerate Iran’s arming of Shiite militias. 
keep hidden Iran’s current and previous efforts to gain nuclear weapons capability. How can the international community know with certainty that Iran is complying with an agreement to reduce significantly its enrichment activities if the full extent of these activities is kept secret? 
should be made and makes far less sense for such a request to be given any serious consideration. 
Likewise, demands to limit IAEA inspectors to select sites, to install absurd bureaucratic processes to access additional sites, and to prohibit altogether inspections of socalled military sites should be fully rejected. 
deal prevents Iran from gaining nuclear weapons capabilities and ensures that international inspectors can validate their adherence to an agreement’s negotiated terms. If Iran cannot negotiate in good faith, then perhaps it is time to leave the negotiating table altogether. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) for 5 minutes. 
few short hours, we are going to be voting in this Chamber on a rewrite of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which is long overdue. It has been 13 years since the No 
Child Left Behind Act was passed, and many educators and probably all Members have heard a lot of the clumsy and unworkable provisions that need a rewrite. More importantly, there are other reasons why it is time for a new law for our K–12 system. 
process, and everything from technology in the classroom, as well as the workforce needs of our national economy, have drastically changed in the last 13 years. 
this rewrite of Federal education law as an opportunity to equip our Nation, and particularly our children and grandchildren, with the tools they need to succeed. 
One area which we all know needs updating and strengthening is the area of STEM education—science, technology, engineering, and math. Employers all across the country are desperate to try and find incoming young people into our workforce who have these skills to succeed. 
The good news is, in the last 13 years, 
STEM occupations have grown three times faster than nonSTEM occupations. In addition, the average income is two times higher in terms of the wages of STEMeducated workers compared to nonSTEM. That is the good news. 
of graduating high school seniors are interested in STEM. If you drill down deeper, young girls and young minorities are woefully underrepresented in the single digits. 
a nation in the area of STEM. If you look globally, China is producing 23 percent of the world’s STEM degree graduates—the U.S., only 10 percent. 
ago, our 34th President, Dwight Eisenhower, confronted a similar moment of 
launched the Sputnik satellite, which shocked our Nation. We realized we were falling behind and that we needed to step up our game in terms of our educational and research system. This Republican President led the charge to pass the National Defense Education Act in 1958, which boosted and set a national goal, a national priority, for science and research across our country. 
At the time that he signed the bill in 
1958, he said that, in both education and research, we needed to redouble our exertions, which will be necessary on the part of all Americans if we are to rise to the demands of our times. 
He also noted that this bill, the National Defense Education Act, back in 1958, would ‘‘do much to strengthen our American system of education so it can meet the broad and increasing demands imposed upon it by considerations of basic national security.’’ 
the National Association of Manufacturers, and the American Farm Bureau, who have come together with a core set of principles on how we can today, in 2015, boost teachers with these hard science degrees in our elementary and high schools, how we can drill down and encourage, again, underrepresented groups such as young girls and minorities to get involved and engaged in education. 
and the Workforce Committee with an amendment supported by the STEM coalition, and it was rejected on a party line vote by the Republican majority, who said that the national government had no business being involved in local and State education policy. That is totally unacceptable in terms of the challenges that our Nation faces today. 
rejected our amendment from even being voted on today as part of the update of the No Child Left Behind bill. 
stick of the failure of this bill to address the needs our Nation faces in terms of K–12 education policy. We should follow the example of this gentleman. He understood that at times, we have to rise up as a full nation. 
school district to invest in science and technology and engineering and math and leave behind other populations in this country because, as a nation, we need to come together to address and succeed and face this challenge. It will bring good things in terms of higher income and more growth for our country if we embrace these types of policies. 
chairman of the Senate Education Committee did embrace the STEM education coalition provisions, and they have put it in their bill. 
to go do this exercise, this theater of passing a bill which woefully fails the test in terms of what our Nation faces today, but hopefully, later in the process, a conference committee will come together, and we will follow the example of Dwight Eisenhower and our bipartisan coalition of the 1950s to allow this Nation to have the tools to succeed. 
We need to pass strong STEM education policy for our young children. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ) for 5 minutes. 
rise to salute more than 40 citizen airmen of the 513th Air Control Group deploying to Southwest Asia this month in support of Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq and Syria and also continuing operations in Afghanistan. 
The 513th is the Nation’s only Reserve unit flying the E–3 AWACS aircraft. I am proud that the 513th is 
based at Tinker Air Force Base in my home State of Oklahoma, and it is commanded by Colonel David W. Robertson. 
AWACS, the E–2 Hawkeye, both on Active Duty and as a reservist. The AWACS is the Air Force’s ‘‘quarterback in the sky,’’ calling the plays and managing the fight from an airborne platform. 
absolutely essential to projecting air power. Without it, our forces would be like an orchestra with no conductor. 
another year of independence. We should remember that our war of independence was fought almost exclusively by citizen warriors, ordinary citizens who put their lives on hold and at risk, many of them giving the ultimate sacrifice for our independence. 
warrior tradition. Among the citizen airmen deploying are Realtors, IT specialists, and even a pastor. We should recognize that this is a voluntary assignment. These reservists have raised their hands and answered the call voluntarily, when less than 1 percent of our fellow citizens serve in the military. 
the value of our military’s Reserve component and National Guardsmen. Looking across the 513th, you will find skill standards, capabilities, and operational readiness rates equal to or better than the Active component. 
E–2 Hawkeye, I can tell you that the amount of talent that we held in the Reserve component was amazing. It was very clear that these folks had the confidence, the capability, and the institutional knowledge to carry on the tradition of excellence that was in the Navy when they moved to the Reserves. 
also true with the Air Force. We saw it when you think about the fighter squadrons that fought in the opening days of the war in Afghanistan. The Reserve fighter squadron was the one that had the highest percentage of bombs on target. 
Guard are critical to our Nation’s military readiness. It is important to retain and even expand the reserve component size, missions, and capabilities. 
give a special thanks to the 513th reservists deploying to Southwest Asia, let me also mention this unit’s other recent accomplishments. 
To say that the 513th is in high demand would be a huge understatement. In the past 6 months, the 513th has controlled training missions for over 200 fighters and bombers, supported critical flight tests, managed air operation center support in Germany, and controlled eight largeforce exercises, including Felix Virgo in Louisiana, Northern Edge in Alaska, and 
again recognizing the citizen airmen of the 513th Air Control Group from Tinker Air Force Base. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) for 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the current version of H.R. 5, the House Republican bill which seeks to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and encourage my colleagues to adopt the Democratic substitute offered by Ranking Member BOBBY SCOTT. 
that truly strikes me as telling of where we have come from and where we find ourselves today. On May 22, 1964, at the University of Michigan, President Lyndon Baines Johnson remarked: 
In many places, classrooms are overcrowded and curricula are outdated. Most of our qualified teachers are underpaid, and many of our paid teachers are underqualified. So we must give every child a place to sit and a teacher to learn from. Poverty is not a bar for learning, and learning must often escape from poverty. 
are just not enough. We must seek an educational system which grows in excellence as it grows in size. This means better training for our teachers. It means preparing our youth to enjoy their hours of leisure as well as their hours of labor. It means exploring new techniques of teaching, to find new ways to stimulate the love of learning and the capacity for creation. 
President Johnson’s Great Society Speech. Almost every single point in President Johnson’s remarks has direct import of the perils our education system faces today. 
so many areas, underqualified. Classroom sizes are increasing, and the quality of education is continuing to deteriorate. 
Hunger and poverty continue to afflict our innercity students in an alarmingly disproportionate rate, and disparity of resources and access to a quality education seems, at times, to continue expanding. The achievement gap between our most impoverished students remains inextricably tied to the wealth gap, and the numbers are discouraging. 
Instead of moving forward by improving on and implementing lessons learned from the failed policies of No Child Left Behind, H.R. 5 guts the core intent of the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
H.R. 5 is like a blast from the past 
and fails our students and their families in a myriad of ways. Among some of the most egregious provisions in this proposed iteration of ESEA, H.R. 5 includes the concept of portability for title I funds. 
choice, portability instead adversely affects students who are in schools and districts with the highest concentration of poverty and need. In short, portability is a ruse, one that takes resources from, rather than gives to our most underserved and needy children. 
of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and a longtime advocate of STEM—science, technology, mathematics, and engineering—education, I was alarmed by the utter and complete exclusion of any reference to STEM education within this base text. 
system to fit the needs of our ever evolving globalized economy, not running back to the factorystyle education that doesn’t provide our children with the skills they need to compete. 
Education is the ladder to opportunity and central to keeping alive the American Dream. We must fight to ensure that every single child, regardless of their background, is given the opportunity to reach their Godgiven potential. 
Hispanic, Asian, or Native American— rich, poor, immigrant or not, we must remain steadfast in our dedication to equality and the equity of opportunity. 
this bill back to the drawing board and make sure that education in America is reflective of our principles as a nation. I urge my colleagues to make sure that we protect the American Dream and keep America the land of equal opportunity. 
rules, everyone deserves a fair shot and a fair shake at a fulfilling life. The ZIP Code you grow up in should not determine the life you live. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, although we have recently entered into July, I rise today in recognition of National Dairy Month, which has taken place every June since 1937. 
throughout the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District, I am always inspired by our farmers and our farm families. They work hard. They work 7 days a week. Their work is arduous, and the challenges of running a farm are never ending. 
business to these hardworking folks; it is the fabric of rural America. The 
Commonwealth’s history is rooted in agriculture, and the dairy industry continues to be the largest sector of this industry. 
farms in Pennsylvania, are family owned and operated, and our average herd size is about 72 head. 
industry produces 10 billion pounds of milk annually, and that number continues to surge. In fact, Pennsylvania ranks fifth in the Nation when it comes to dairy production. 
of National Dairy Month, in support of our dairy farmers and farm families, and to also say thank you to all of these folks for providing us with food and fiber. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ) for 5 minutes. 
find ourselves on the House floor yet again debating H.R. 5. After several months of delay, the majority party has yet to realize that this bill is not in the best interest of America’s children. 
We all agree that Congress must reauthorize a strong Elementary and Secondary Education Act. H.R. 5 does not meet the test. 
that education is properly funded at the State and Federal level for all of America’s children; that all students have access to a wellrounded education, which includes subjects like physical education, music, and the arts; and that students are annually assessed, which allows for parents and teachers to measure students’ progress. 
H.R. 5 does none of these things. Instead, it fails our students, our teachers, and our families. The bill drastically reduces education funding, eliminates and weakens protections for disabled students, fails to provide a wellrounded education for all students, and generally makes it more difficult to educate those for whom the act was designed to protect. 
block grant. The program would disproportionately harm disadvantaged and lowincome students. Schools across the country, including some in my own congressional district, rely on these funds to help ensure children are given a fair chance to meet State academic standards. 
become portable, which would divert muchneeded funds from the highest need poverty schools and districts. 
States ensure students graduate from high school college and career ready. The bill focuses primarily on math and reading assessments, without providing any programmatic support for literacy, 
for STEM, and for other subjects that provide a wellrounded curriculum. It eliminates wraparound support services, which are very important to needy students. It eliminates afterschool, family engagement, physical, dental, and mental health programs. 
anniversary of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The bill, essentially a civil rights law, reaffirmed that every child has the right to an equal opportunity for a quality education. 
original intent, turning back the clock on equity and accountability in American public education and ignores the needs of America’s most vulnerable students. H.R. 5 is a step backward in our country’s education system. This legislation fails our students and their families. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, this week the House will be considering the appropriations bill for the Department of the Interior for the upcoming fiscal year. 
a robust and continued funding for and the permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
weekend, I was particularly reminded of how so many of us enjoy the natural wonders of our hometowns and communities, from picnics at playgrounds, baseball games on municipal recreational fields, honoring our heritage and celebrating our independence with fireworks, music and parades at local historic sites and parks. 
Water Conservation Fund is so important. It helps our communities protect critical lands by providing State and local governments with necessary funding and flexibility to develop and improve lands for public access and recreational enjoyment. It is part of highlighting the heritage and character in my district in southeastern Pennsylvania. 
received approximately $295 million in the past five decades from the Land and Conservation Water Fund. It has protected places with national significance, such as Gettysburg National Military Park, Valley Forge National Historical Park, and John Heinz Wildlife Refuge. 
In addition, in my congressional district, we can thank the Land and Water Conservation Fund for helping fund the building of the Birdsboro Waters Forest Legacy project, protecting critical woodlands at the East 
Shaw’s Bridge in East Bradford Township, and enhancing Pottstown Borough Memorial Park with a new dog park, pavilions, restrooms, ball fields, 
Mr. Speaker, one thing that was apparent this past weekend was just how integral our public lands and outdoor recreation areas are to our heritage, civic identity, and local community. 
I believe the Land and Water Conservation Fund is one of our most important conservation programs and an excellent example of a bipartisan commitment to safeguarding natural resources, promoting our cultural heritage, and expanding recreational opportunities not just for a moment in time, but for future generations as well. 
I also believe it is a program that allows our local communities to dream big about how to best go about enhancing their communities for their residents. 
which would permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund, I am looking forward to working with my colleagues in an effort to help communities across this country create lasting legacies of public access to the cultural and recreational opportunities identified by officials in their local communities as being worthy of funding for future projects. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 5, the socalled Student Success Act. I am deeply disappointed in the majority for bringing such an economically careless and socially egregious bill to the floor today. 
than $7 million from the highest need schools in my home State of Alabama. It is really an abomination that this body would do this to our constituents and do this to our students. 
H.R. 5 abandons the Federal Government’s historic role in elementary and secondary education. Furthermore, this bill neglects our sacred responsibility to ensure that all children, irrespective of race, class, disability, or socioeconomic class, are given the opportunity to attain a high quality education. 
Each of us in this body has the opportunity to send our own children to the finest K–12 institutions in this country, but our privilege isn’t universal, and we shouldn’t legislate as if it is. 
In the Seventh Congressional District of Alabama, that privilege, the ability to send our children to the private schools or public schools of choice, is nearly nonexistent. 
school students in my district receive free or reduced lunch, and they live in 
families that live below the poverty line. And of the 26 school districts that serve my constituents, only two of them have a poverty rate that is less than 56 percent. 
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act was first written in recognition of the impact that concentrated poverty has on a school system’s ability to adequately support the educational programs needed to serve vulnerable communities. 
the protections for these students by diverting title I funds. This approach is backwards, and our children deserve better. If I were grading this bill, I would definitely give it an F. 
School, this is deeply personal to me. Today more than 90 percent of the Selma High School students in my district, from my old high school, receive free and reduced lunch. Under H.R. 5, this school would lose nearly 20 percent of its Federal funding. 
give any child is a quality education. This is why I cannot support this bill, which diverts title I funds from 92 percent of the schools in my district. This would further tilt the playing field against poor kids. 
Unfortunately, this bill is proof that somewhere along the line we have abandoned the most sacred American principle, that all children—I mean all children—are our children. 
lifts all boats. The economic and social costs of refusing to accept these facts are steep. 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act in 1964, he stated, ‘‘As President of the United States, I believe deeply no law I have signed or will ever sign means more to the future of America than this bill.’’ President Johnson was right then, and he is right now. 
we must replace No Child Left Behind with a strong bipartisan bill, one that advances what works and improves upon what does not. Unfortunately, this bill does neither. 
I urge this body to oppose this reckless bill, H.R. 5. Our children deserve better. Our constituents deserve better. This Nation deserves better. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED) for 5 minutes. 
morning to highlight an issue that I believe we must pay closer attention to in this Chamber and in this Congress. You see, on June 23, Mr. Speaker, we marked the tenth anniversary of an important Supreme Court case. That case was Kelo v. New London. 
means nothing. But I point to Susette Kelo, who I have here depicted in this 
picture. She was the plaintiff in that case. And what happened in that case was this, Mr. Speaker, a real tragedy: 
they were going to take her home and give it to another private owner for development. You heard me right, Mr. Speaker. She was told that her home was going to be taken by our government because they were picking the winners and losers because they felt they knew best how to utilize her property and give it to another private owner to develop it the way that private owner wanted to do. 
stood up. She fought this fight. She was told by her friends, she was told by her real estate agents, she was told by her lawyers: Just roll over. The government always wins, and they are going to win this battle. 
But she fought it all the way to the 
Supreme Court. And what happened, however, is that that advice from her friends and from her real estate agent and her lawyers came true. The government won. 
citizens. Because here is what happened after that case. She lost her home. And this is a picture of her property—well, no longer her property—but that property, as it exists today. They demolished her home. They took her property. She lost her piece of the American Dream. And the result of it is a vacant lot that sits in New London. 
today because it reminds us of an issue that we must fight for, and that is a fundamental freedom that we all enjoy as American citizens, to own and to use our property. 
to our U.S. Constitution. It is something fundamental to us as American citizens. And it is time for us to unite, as Republicans and Democrats, and say enough is enough. We must push back on Big Government. We must stand with individuals. 
government. And that is something that I am afraid that started 10 years ago and continues to this day with actions of Big Government day in and day out, where government regulations, government overreach—local, Federal, State level—act in a way that takes away these fundamental property rights that so many have fought for. 
So in Congress I have led the fight. I 
formed the Private Property Rights Caucus, with Members from Maine to Alabama to California. I have sponsored and authored the Defense of Property Rights Act to say enough is enough. We are going to stand with individuals, and we are going to fight this Big Government overreach. 
rights have come at the expense of so many, the blood of those who fought to preserve our freedoms, the blood of our Founding Fathers and the vision they 
Kelo case was a moment in time at a drop of a gavel when those fundamental rights were threatened and lost. 
So I stand today and ask my colleagues and all of the people across America to stand with us, to stand with me, to make sure we coordinate our efforts to make sure that our fundamental property rights are protected and individuals like Susette Kelo are rewarded for her bravery in taking the fight. 
Though she may have lost that battle, I stand with her to win this war to protect our fundamental property rights that so many have fought for over the years. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) for 5 minutes. 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act was passed in 1965, its purpose was to ensure access to a quality education for our neediest students that are often low income and minority. 
We can all agree that ESEA reauthorization is long overdue. However, the proposal put forth by Republicans falls short and makes a bad situation worse. 
is law is one more day that we are, in fact, leaving children behind. 
this bill means voting against our students, our teachers, and our schools. A vote for H.R. 5 is a vote to take money from our poorest and most atrisk students. It is a vote to erase the educational gains we have made over the past 50 years. It is a vote to deny many of our students a chance at real success. 
It is time to wake up. It is time to 
with the intent of protecting our students by providing quality and equal education. Today, instead of putting forth a bipartisan bill that moves us closer to equal and quality education for every child, Republicans have introduced a bill to roll back the hands of time and undo our progress. 
H.R. 5 turns its back on some of our 
most vulnerable student populations. It lacks the accountability measures to ensure student success. 
A report from the Southern Education Foundation found that more than 50 percent of our public school students live in poverty. Title I has always been the main source of Federal funding for our country’s poorest students. 
H.R. 5 would reverse this longstanding practice and, instead, remove money from our school districts with 
the greatest need, diluting their ability to meaningfully fund programs that serve lowincome students. 
students take remedial courses and employers continue to complain of inadequate preparation for high school graduates, we must ensure that all students are college ready and are career ready. H.R. 5 allows States to lower standards that lead to students graduating unprepared. 
compete in a global economy when they aren’t prepared? We need to invest in the future of our children, support our teachers and our principals, ensure the success of our neediest students. 
And that is why I am proud to support the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), and I thank 
This amendment reaffirms the Federal Government’s proper role in education, addressing many of the problems that surround No Child Left Behind. 
Students in lowincome families already have obvious disadvantages. This amendment prioritizes early education to help our students start out strong. It puts protections in place against bullying, and it supports the physical, mental, and emotional stability of students. It gets rid of AYP and also makes important investments in STEM education. 
unites us, not divides us. The Scott amendment is exactly what our schools and our students and our teachers need. 
Scott amendment and not for H.R. 5 because H.R. 5 fails on all accounts. It fails our neediest students. It fails to invest in our teachers and principals. And it fails to prepare students for college and careers and to address the core principles of Federal education policies. 
H.R. 5 deserves an F. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing it. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Sunday, the day after our Independence Day, the U.S. women’s World Cup team gave us the best fireworks show ever. They lit up the team that beat them 4 years ago in the World Cup, Japan. 
fifth minute, the 14th minute, and the 16th minute. 4–0 in 16 minutes. We had gone over 5
they left their egos in the locker room. When they jogged onto that field, they were a team full of love, love of soccer, love of America, and love of each other, 
small blue arm band. It is worn by our team captain. If you missed this band’s journey through our victory on Sunday, I will recount it for you. 
arm as her gold medal was placed around her neck. It was her second gold medal in a World Cup match. She is closer to my age than all of her teammates. Sunday was her last World Cup game. 
Wombach, the greatest woman soccer player in American history. That is her picture beside me. Abby has scored 23 goals in World Cup matches, but she had only had a silver medal from World Cup matches, never a gold. She knew that was changing when she jogged onto that field in the 79th minute of play. 
this was her last World Cup match. A teammate stopped Abby before she entered the game. Team Captain Carli Lloyd stopped her idol, Abby, to make sure Abby’s uniform was complete. There was a problem that Carli had to fix up, so she helped Abby by putting that blue armband on her left sleeve as our team captain. 
Carli plays pro soccer in my hometown of Houston, Texas, and we Texans believe bigger is always better. While Carli has been a Texan for a few months, she knows how to go big, real big. She scored a hat trick—three goals—in the first 16 minutes. 
Cup gold medalists gave us a priceless gift: the joy of being alive, feeling American pride surge through your veins, having that breath—that short breath of excitement—or having that extra heartbeat, knowing that you are alive. 
America thanks our gold medal winners, our America’s World Cup champions of 2015. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. 
U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, home to 3.5 million American citizens, stands at a crossroads. The Governor recently announced that Puerto Rico cannot pay all of its debts. The Governor’s comments were not constructive because they lacked precision. 
billion, and the structure of this debt is complex. About 17 entities in Puerto Rico have bonds outstanding, from the central government to public corporations. The terms, source of repayment, and the level of legal protection for each bond varies. 
central government received priority payment under the Puerto Rico Constitution, which was authorized and approved by Congress. Accordingly, when the Governor asserted that Puerto Rico cannot pay its debts, the sweeping nature of his comments raised many practical and legal questions and generated considerable anxiety. 
Rico is real, and it must be confronted with composure, competence, and candor. To this end, I want to articulate a simple truth, but one that is often overlooked: namely, the challenges we face are structural in nature and, therefore, require structural solutions, at both the Puerto Rico and the Federal level. 
by the territory government is imperative. We must learn to live within our means. Puerto Rico’s political leaders have shown the capacity to develop sound strategies, but have not always demonstrated the same ability to effectively execute those strategies. Performance, not planning, is the problem. We can do better, and for the sake of our constituents, we must do better. 
and selfcriticism are essential, but cannot be limited to Puerto Rico. If the American public is under the impression that Puerto Rico is solely to blame for this crisis, it is profoundly mistaken. 
Rico is not its people, who are talented and hardworking, nor is it our political leaders, who are no better or worse than their counterparts in other U.S. jurisdictions who at times also overpromise and underdeliver; instead, the root cause of the problem is our political status, which has given rise to a system of severe and entrenched inequality that makes it exceptionally difficult to succeed and exceptionally easy to fail. 
Rico’s political status and its economic problems was explored at a recent congressional hearing. The hearing served to underscore that there are more American citizens in Puerto Rico than in 21 States, that they serve in the U.S. military in large numbers, but that they cannot vote for President or Senators and have only one nonvoting Delegate in this House. 
territory, Puerto Rico can be and often is treated worse than the States under Federal laws, from Medicaid to the earned income tax credit to chapter 9 of the Bankruptcy Code. To compensate for the deficiency in Federal economic support, the Puerto Rico Government has borrowed heavily, which explains the excessive debt. 
In recent years, 250,000 island residents have moved to the States, and these numbers are only growing. Once in the States, they are entitled to full voting rights and equal treatment under the law, rights they were denied in Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, this is an intolerable 
situation. My constituents have tolerated it for too long, and they will tolerate it no longer. They voted for statehood in a local referendum in 2012, and they will vote for statehood again in even greater numbers in a Federal referendum in 2017. 
My message to my colleagues is simple. If you give us the same rights and responsibilities as our fellow American citizens and let us rise or fall on our merits, we will rise; but, if you continue to treat us like secondclass citizens, don’t profess to be surprised when we fall. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Baptist Church, Del City, Oklahoma, offered the following prayer: 
Holy and awesome God, We give You thanks today for every 
good gift, for we know that every good gift comes from You. 
United States of America and the freedoms found within her borders. 
men and women of this Congress whom You have placed in positions of leadership in our Nation 
can only come from You, to legislate in such a way that the laws of this Nation might conform to Your will. 
seek You in all things pertaining to life and eternal life. May we love You, our God, with all of our heart, soul, strength, and mind; and may we love our neighbor as ourselves. 
For it is in the name of Jesus we 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
from Minnesota (Mr. E MMER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
honor and privilege today to have with us to provide the opening prayer my pastor and good friend, Shane Hall, from Del City, Oklahoma. 
Indiana, he actually grew up in Burns Flat, Oklahoma. He is a graduate of Oklahoma Baptist University, with a secondary in education. He also got a master’s of divinity with biblical languages from the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary. 
He has pastored a halfdozen churches in Oklahoma and Louisiana, and he is currently the pastor of my home church, First Southern Baptist Church of Del City, Oklahoma. 
He also serves on the executive committee of the entire Southern Baptist Convention, and he is a member of the Baptist General Convention of Oklahoma board of directors. 
His wife, Misty, and his two daughters, Macy and Mallory, are wonderful people that, if you are ever in Oklahoma, I encourage you to attend services and get to know them. 
today to honor the members of Forum Lodge 391 of the Order Sons of Italy, which later this month is celebrating its centennial anniversary as a civic organization in Newport, Rhode Island. 
name La Loggia Progresso e Civilta, Forum Lodge 391 has worked to promote and celebrate Italian heritage and culture on Aquidneck Island since it was founded on July 4, 1915. Over the years, it has established itself as a Rhode Island institution by hosting numerous community and cultural events for all to enjoy. 
Ripa Memorial Scholarship opens doorways to opportunity each year for Italian American high school seniors in Rhode Island who demonstrate success in the classroom and prepare a written essay on their cultural heritage. 
Ripa and the men and women of Forum Lodge 391 of the Order Sons of Italy on this important milestone, and I extend my best wishes on their centennial celebration on July 23. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
past few years, we have seen small brewers in Minnesota and around the country continue to meet the needs of a public that is growing in its appreciation for craft beverages. 
burdened by outofdate regulations and high taxes that make it difficult 
for them to grow their businesses and play an increasingly greater role in their local economy. 
Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform Act with my colleague, RON 
Tax Code and streamline regulations for these small businesses. 
These small breweries are a true example of the American dream. Many start out as hobbyists in the basement or in the garage, and they grow to be successful while, at the same time, creating jobs and creating a quality product. 
we embrace the potential this industry has, and that means modernizing our tax rules and our Tax Code to ensure that these small employers continue to grow. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
many of us have not spoken on the floor of the House on the horrific tragedy that occurred in Mother Emanuel Baptist church, our respect for our colleague from South Carolina; our respect for our assistant leader, JIMCLYBURN ; and our respect for the families 
that have buried their dead over the last week. Many of us joined the President in Charleston, South Carolina, for the funeral of Reverend Dr. Pinckney. 
Today, I rise to ask this body, reflecting on two amendments that were offered last night regarding the Confederate flag that were voted on by voice vote in the Interior bill, but I ask today the leadership to allow this House to look at three legislative initiatives that have been offered by Members based upon the Walker III v. Texas Division, Sons of Confederate Veterans case. 
the Supreme Court, including Justice Clarence Thomas, ruled that government speech did not warrant the utilization of the rebel flag. 
about senator Pinckney. This is warranted. The President said: 
History must be a manual for how to avoid repeating the mistakes of the past, how to break the cycle, a roadway toward a better world. He knew that the path of grace involves an open mind but, more importantly, an open heart. 
We need to debate on the floor of the 
House the symbols of hate in this Nation, and we need to do it now. I ask my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to join us in the legislative initiatives we have for this to be placed on the floor of the House for all of us to stand and debate what is positive about America. FAMILY, CAREER AND COMMUNITY LEADERS OF AMERICA 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduced a bipartisan resolution with my friend and colleague from Rhode Island, Mr. JIM 
LANGEVIN , to recognize the Family, Career and Community Leaders of America on their 70th anniversary. 
Leaders of America is a national career and technical student organization that promotes personal growth, leadership development, and career preparation opportunities for students in family and consumer science education. 
years ago to this day, more than 10 million students have participated and gained the knowledge, skills, and credentials needed to secure careers in growing, highdemand fields. I was pleased to welcome FCCL students from Forest County, Pennsylvania, today. 
Mr. Speaker, as cochair of the bipartisan Congressional Career and Technical Education Caucus, I ask my friends to get behind this bipartisan resolution to support the goals and ideals of Family, Career and Community Leaders of America. 
Now, more than ever, our young people need assurances that the skills they attain will lead to goodpaying, family sustaining jobs, and career and technical education programming can make those assurances. 
(Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, Republicans in Congress have kept our Nation stuck in neutral, while our highways, bridges, and transit systems crumble around us. They keep riding the clutch with these shortterm patches to keep the highway trust fund solvent for another couple of months. 
You could say that we are in a big 
race and the road ahead is long. We can’t keep stopping for gas every 5 minutes, and we have got to stop scrounging under the seats and the floormats for enough change to buy a gallon here and a gallon there. 
we are just inching along. If we don’t get back on track soon, we are going to be left in the dust by our foreign competitors. In the next few months alone, more than 600,000 American jobs are at risk. 
Mr. Speaker, congressional Republicans are in the driver’s seat, so they need to start driving like pros. It is time for Congress to do their job and pass a longterm plan to pay for much 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, President Obama’s nuclear negotiations with Iran pose significant threats to American families. Already, the President has conceded too much. An agreement that does not clearly prohibit the development of nuclear weapons threatens American families and our closest allies, such as Israel. 
been further extended, it is clear that President Obama is willing to grant more concessions to this murderous regime whose program of developing intercontinental ballistic missiles puts America as a target. 
the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, giving Congress a voice in the final deal. I urge the President to change course with this oppressive regime that promotes death to America, death to Israel. 
It is not too late to prevent a legacy 
of appeasement and avoid being remembered as a new Neville Chamberlain, establishing nuclear weapons across the Middle East. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
in strong opposition to H.R. 5, a misguided bill which denies America’s children access to highquality education. 
Today, greater numbers of economically disadvantaged children are entering our public schools. For example, in my State of Texas, of the 5 million students enrolled in public schools in 2014 statewide, more than 3 million would be adversely impacted if we vote to pass H.R. 5. 
Federal Government’s historic commitment to educating disadvantaged populations. H.R. 5 block grants vital Federal programs, such as title I of the education code targeted for English language learners, migrant children, neglected and delinquent youth, and Native American education. 
to siphon away these Federal funds and use them for other purposes because of the proposed changes in the intent of the many education programs passed many years ago—50 years ago to be exact—under the leadership of President Lyndon Baines Johnson. 
funding and move backward on equity and accountability, harming the education of our Nation’s children. 
I respectfully urge Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘no’’ on final passage today. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to celebrate one of my own. As of today, my son, Joe, is officially a member of the United States Navy. 
parents of seven children. Last month, Joe, our fifth child, graduated high school and now is off to serve his country. 
knows that hard days lie ahead. He understands that he will have to listen and learn and, when the time comes, lead. 
Americans before him, Joe has taken an oath to serve his Nation and to protect the freedoms we hold dear. 
My wife and I are so proud of Joe, 
honor and thank you for your service, and we wish you fair winds and safe seas. 
look forward to seeing your transformation from citizen to sailor. We love you. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today we wear red to bring back our girls. 
increased violence and a socalled Month of Disaster in a rapid string of egregious acts of violence. A brutal spate of bombings and shootings has ripped through the country, killing at least 300 people in the past week alone. 
unyielding thirst for violence and unflinching disregard for human life cannot go unchecked. 
President Buhari visits the White House to discuss the fight against Boko Haram with President Barack Obama, he must know that we here in Congress are committed to giving the Government of Nigeria the support it needs to defeat Boko Haram. 
join me in cosponsoring H. Res. 147, as amended, to help the Nigerian Government bring back our girls and defeat Boko Haram for good. Mr. Speaker, don’t forget to tweet, 
tweet, tweet bring back our girls, #bringbackourgirls, #joinrepwilson, #bringbackourgirls. Tweet, tweet, tweet. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express concern about continued acquisition of private lands by the Federal Government. 
owns about 30 percent of the land in our country but is unable to properly maintain this land, as evidenced by the Park Service’s staggering $11.5 billion backlog of maintenance projects, yet the Federal Government continues to spend limited taxpayer dollars and resources on more land. For example, 
many of my constituents are facing a push by the government to take over historically private land. 
entitled, ‘‘Let’s Fix Our Parks, Not Add More,’’ further illustrates the scope of this problem, criticizing the administration’s decision to add seven new parks to the system. 
land purchases and instead focus the Interior Department’s attention on properly maintaining existing Federal lands to ensure access for generations to come. 
today to highlight an issue that deserves our immediate attention: the Republican leadership’s failure to bring the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank to the House floor for a vote. 
in our economy, opening international markets to U.S. businesses by facilitating the sale of American goods and services overseas. The Bank evens the playing field for American companies, enabling them to compete based on the quality of their products, not on the financing term they can offer. 
expire will have realworld consequences, Mr. Speaker. If we don’t act, American businesses that employ tens of thousands of our workers will struggle to survive in this competitive global marketplace. 
enough votes in both the House and the Senate to pass the ExIm Bank reauthorization at this point on a bipartisan basis. 
Mr. Speaker, for the sake of American businesses and workers, the Republican leadership needs to stop playing to their outoftouch base and start 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to highlight the vital role Fort Polk, Louisiana, plays in our Nation’s strategic defense and to urge the U.S. Army to spare it from any cuts. 
Joint Readiness Training Center, the Nation’s premier combat training center. 
Battalion, 10th Mountain Division, Fort Polk’s lone brigade combat team, a highly mobile, lethal, and flexible combat unit. This team was recognized as a superior brigade combat team, awarding it the Meritorious Unit Citation for its efforts in Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
would deal a devastating blow to the post, its surrounding communities, and Louisiana as a whole. The local community and State have invested money and donated land, demonstrating their commitment to this imperative post. 
As the Army announces its troop realignment, Louisiana stands together to support the 3rd Battalion, 10th Mountain Division brigade combat team, the Fort Polk community, and the military excellence they represent. 
31, the highway and transit trust fund will expire. 
600,000 jobs. It means the cancelation of major infrastructure projects. In fact, I heard this morning that five States have already canceled or delayed major projects because of Congress’ lack of ability to do its work. 
more than anyplace that if we invest in our roads and bridges and rails, we grow our economy. 
months ahead, are planning years ahead and building infrastructure. China, for example, is spending 10 times what we are as a percentage of their GDP on infrastructure. 
thinking about the decades to come and hundreds of thousands of jobs, this Congress passed a 2month extension, a selfimposed, manmade crisis, governing crisis to crisis on every big issue that we deal with. We can’t let this happen. This Congress needs to do its job. We need to come together in a bipartisan way—we can do it—and pass an extension of the highway trust fund that invests in America and puts American workers back to work rebuilding this country. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, in the Ninth District of Georgia, there is something we like, and that is barbecue. Especially our office, our staff, and our interns know this well, and especially my ag intern, Casey, from Georgia, because we now can ascribe to Trip Advisory’s latest pick of the Nation’s best barbecue. And I am proud to announce Joe’s BBQ was named number one barbecue in the country. 
Joe’s is located 90 miles north of Atlanta in Blue Ridge and was founded just 3 years ago by a former mortgage salesman, Joe Ray. Mr. Ray moved to Blue Ridge, Georgia, 10 years ago to pursue his career in mortgage banking, but he ended up doing barbecue. He calls it beginner’s luck, but I think it is turning into a legacy and a tradition in north Georgia. You see, customers travel from hundreds of miles to experience the secret recipe at Joe’s BBQ, and it has been named number one as 
northeast Georgia to experience what we in the Ninth District always knew: the best barbecue is in north Georgia, the greatest place in world. And I just want to invite everybody to Joe’s BBQ in Blue Ridge. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
bring to the attention of my colleagues a humanitarian crisis in Yemen. My district is home to many Yemenis who are deeply concerned, and many families have been in my office in total desperation and tears. This week, 45 civilians were killed after an airstrike hit a marketplace north of Aden. 
Of real concern is the current outbreak of dengue fever. The World Health Organization estimates there are at least 3,000 cases of dengue fever in Yemen right now, and other groups are estimating it is twice that. 
My constituents have family members who are suffering and have no access to medications, doctors, hospitals or, in many cases, even clean water. We must show U.S. leadership to help contain this outbreak. Today I sent a letter to Secretary 
Kerry asking about plans the State Department is undertaking to combat this problem. I hope my colleagues will join me in a bipartisan manner to support real concrete action that is needed to help the Yemenis who are sick, desperate, and in critical need of assistance and leadership. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor a selfless Granite Stater who is paving the way for our mental health community and was recently awarded the Portsmouth Rotary Club’s Humanitarian Award. 
Pathways in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, with the goals of providing those 
with mental illness resources to find a stable place to live, find a job, and opportunities for members to develop talents and interests to stay engaged in our community. 
health has been regarded as taboo and carries with it an undeserved stigma. People like Don Moore are changing this negative perception and bringing about positive change for our communities. 
In fact, the successes of the clubhouse model used by Seacoast Pathways are borrowed from another successful clubhouse in Manchester, New Hampshire, called Granite Pathways. This spring, I had the privilege of visiting both, meeting with their staffs and clubhouse members. 
creating a community where members can reach their goals of work, education, and stable housing are absolutely commendable, and it is because of the selfless and dedicated folks like Don that our State remains a shining example of best practices in this area. 
congratulations to Don on receiving a welldeserved honor, and for working tirelessly on behalf of the mental health community. 
(Mr. HIMES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
on July 4, a young man was murdered just a mile from here in broad daylight on a crowded subway. That young man was Kevin Joseph Sutherland, 24 years old. He was my campaign volunteer, my intern, and my friend. 
Maybe that is unremarkable. Violence seems to be a part of who we are and all too present with us. 
believed in the best of us, each one of 
us. He believed that we could come together. He believed that we could set aside our petty prejudices. He believed that we could bring our voices together in this Chamber and make a better world. 
years from now Kevin might have served in this Chamber. Now, that is not going to happen. But Kevin’s spirit of openness, of optimism, of possibility, that spirit must live on in this Chamber and in our hearts. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to pay tribute to two courageous young men, Army Private William ‘‘Andy’’ Long and Private Quinton ‘‘EZ’’ Ezeagwula. 
the target of a terrorist attack at a military recruiting station in my hometown of Little Rock, Arkansas, which, tragically, Andy Long did not survive. 
ceremony at the Arkansas State Capitol and after a wait of 6 years, these two soldiers were finally awarded the Purple Heart Medals they deserved. 
and the family of Andy Long received the recognition they deserve for their sacrifice to our Nation. 
at the ceremony when he stated that this was never just about Purple Hearts. ‘‘It was about accurately identifying what really happened in Little Rock and at Fort Hood. These acts were not simply a driveby shooting or workplace violence. They were terrorist attacks on our servicemembers in our own land.’’ 
of our entire congressional delegation, both past and present, whose tireless efforts over the past 6 years ensured the sacrifice of these young men has been fully recognized and honored. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise to honor one of New Hampshire’s best and brightest educators upon her retirement. 
Christine Rath has served as superintendent of the Concord School District for 15 years, helping to maintain the high standards of public education in Concord, New Hampshire. I am a 
proud product of Concord’s public schools; so, they hold a special place in my heart. 
right here in Washington, D.C., in the 1960s as a member of President Johnson’s Teacher Corps, designed to help educate lowincome students in cities all across this country. That is where she met her husband Tom Rath, another community leader who has made many positive contributions to the Granite State over the years. 
she taught in Goffstown, worked in Concord’s Second Start alternative education program, and eventually became the principal of Rundlett Middle School in Concord. Chris has spent decades working to provide excellent education and support to students of all ages across the Granite State. 
greatest resource, and it is absolutely essential that they have the tools they need to follow their dreams and meet the challenges of the 21st century. 
for young educators who hope to change the lives of their students through commitment and creativity. I applaud her impressive service to the students, the city of Concord, and to the Granite State. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
last week an American woman was shot and killed by an illegal immigrant while walking through a touristfriendly area of San Francisco with her father. 
She was killed for no reason by an illegal immigrant convicted of seven felonies who had been previously deported five times and was released by the San Francisco Police Department again over the objections of Federal immigration authorities. 
has happened. Several years ago a father and his two sons were killed by an illegal immigrant felon who, again, San Francisco refused to detain for Federal immigration authorities. 
laws make our cities less safe and endanger Americans. Despite liberal claims to the contrary, this refusal to enforce immigration laws means that dangerous criminals with no regard for our laws are walking our streets. 
In California alone, over 10,000 immigration detainer requests were declined; 10,000 known criminals were released in violation of Federal law. 
to act to ensure that the Federal Government does not aid cities who refuse to enforce our Nation’s laws. That would be comprehensive immigration reform we can all understand. SAFE CLIMATE CAUCUS 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
though many in Congress still refuse to admit that climate change is a very real problem, the administration has been leading action on what has become one of the most important issues of our generation. 
This week the White House announced a new initiative to increase access to solar energy, especially in low and moderateincome communities. This is a critical step to reducing our carbon footprint and showing the world that we are, indeed, ready to lead by example when it comes to clean energy innovation. 
education for jobs in the solar industry and is a partnership with the private sector to increase diversity in a new ‘‘green collar’’ workforce. Access to clean, reliable energy results in good paying jobs, cleaner air, and an opportunity for our innovators and entrepreneurs to grow our economy. 
Caucus and a cochair of the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition, I applaud and support the administration’s announcement this week and will continue to press for broader climate action in this Congress. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to honor the life of Dr. Raphael ‘‘Rafe’’ Sagarin, a worldrenowned scientist and University of Arizona professor who died tragically a few weeks ago. 
world’s oceans and applying the lessons of our natural world to solving modern challenges. He earned widespread recognition for theorizing that governments could learn national defense techniques by studying how animals adapt to threats they face in the wild. 
three books and nearly two dozen scholarly articles and book chapters. At the time of his death, he was leading a University of Arizona project called Biosphere 2 that involved creating a functional model of the Gulf of California in the Sonoran Desert. 
earlier this year and hear him describe with trademark enthusiasm his work studying adaptable security systems in southern Arizona. I am also currently reading his insightful book on the subject. 
spirit and groundbreaking contributions over many years will have lasting impacts. 
CLEAN WATER AND SAFE DRINKING WATER STATE REVOLVING FUNDS 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
a severe drought crisis, such as the one now in California, we must focus on solutions that create water and maintain a clean water supply. That is why I am stressing how crucial the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Funds are. 
our homes, farms, and businesses. These funds help finance projects that treat domestic sewage, capture stormwater runoff, and deliver drinking water to homes and businesses. SFR programs are the only lowcost loans available for many small and mediumsized communities to finance clean water infrastructure. 
infrastructure comes back to our economy six times over. Cutting the SFR programs will have a crippling effect on our communities’ abilities to meet water needs. 
drought relief. But, in reality, they have cut desperately needed funds for both these programs, a 23 percent cut in the House Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill being debated today. 
funding to maintain our Nation’s aging water infrastructure. Our communities depend upon it. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to oppose H.R. 5, also known as the Student Success Act. The Federal Government has played a key role in funding our education for 40 years; 40 years, Mr. Speaker. 
it is properly funded. We know lowincome children and English language learners are negatively impacted when education funding is blockgranted or made portable. 
in cuts to title I funding, blockgrants many of the funding streams dedicated to specific atrisk populations, and it allows these funds to be diverted away from the districts and schools that need them most. 
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act is meant to promote opportunity, Mr. Speaker, not take it away. I urge all my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5. 
substitute amendment is an improvement over the current law and I will be 
supporting it, I still have serious concerns about our Nation’s emphasis on standardized testing. We cannot continue to use standardized test scores to punish teachers and schools. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today as well in strong opposition to H.R. 5, the socalled Student Success Act. 
education in this country is a right, not a privilege. Every student deserves the opportunity to succeed, and that opportunity begins with equal access to highquality education. 
public schools. It slashes funding and takes away critical resources from students with the greatest needs. It eliminates key protections for students with disabilities. It guts support for vital afterschool programs. 
And on the Central Coast of California, where I am from, our high school graduation rates have continuously improved over the past 5 years, exceeding statewide averages. 
not turn the clock backwards by dismantling equity and accountability standards. We must instead continue to move forward, deliver the promise of a great education and the opportunity for a bright future. Sadly, this bill only takes away that promise. 
rise to honor the late Bernyce Clausel, who passed away at the age of 98 last week. She was a civil rights leader in Tallahassee who participated in the bus boycotts of 1956. She was a devout Christian who, with her husband, founded Calvary Baptist Church in 1958. And later she became the church’s pastor, one of the first women to do so in Tallahassee. 
She was a fixture at town hall meetings and charity drives, and she was always there to help those in need. We lost a true north Florida hero, but I am so thankful that we had her for so long. 
Clausel, and may He bless each of us with the strength and dedication to serve our communities as well as she did. PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2647, RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 347 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, pursuant to House Resolution 125, it shall be in order to consider the further amendments printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution as though they were the last further amendments printed in part B of House Report 11429. 
separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to my good friend, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a House rule, House Resolution 347, providing for consideration of two important pieces of legislation for which I am honored to be able to bring forward for consideration by this legislative body: H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, and H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
H.R. 2647 under a structured rule with four amendments made in order, a majority of which were offered by our Democratic colleague Members of the House. The rule also provides for further consideration of H.R. 5 under a structured rule with four additional amendments that were made in order. 
consideration of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, a bill that is critically important to my district in central Washington State which is, unfortunately, once again facing another devastating wildfire season. 
This bipartisan, comprehensive legislation is aimed at expediting and improving forest management activities in Federal forests. It builds upon many legislative concepts introduced in this and in previous Congresses to address disastrous consequences of catastrophic wildfire, insect and disease infestations, and other threats to our Nation’s forests. 
the overgrown, fireprone forests that encompass a great deal of land in the Western United States. It would dramatically improve the health and resiliency of our Federal forests and rangelands by simplifying environmental process requirements, curtailing project planning times, and reducing the cost of implementing forest management projects, all while still ensuring robust protection of the environment. 
Mr. Speaker, just last year, my district in central Washington endured the Carlton Complex fire, the largest wildfire in our State’s history, which was responsible for the destruction of over 300 homes and businesses. This devastating, catastrophic wildfire crippled many parts of my district, and many of my constituents are still trying to recover; yet it seems, as soon as we start to move past one major wildfire, another is immediately on our doorstep, literally. 
out in Washington State in cities like Wenatchee and Quincy and counties, including Benton, Chelan, Grant, Adams and Douglas, immediately spreading and some requiring Washington State fire mobilization resources to keep them from escalating. As the West continues to face severe drought conditions, the threat of wildfire will only continue to worsen. 
In order to begin to prevent and address these fires, we need to reform the way we prepare for, respond to, and fund wildfire response and mitigation efforts. We cannot continue to limp from one devastating fire season to the next, leaving little to no time, and even less funding, available for reforestation, rehabilitation, and overall forest management. 
This bill addresses those shortcomings by providing new methods of funding, which will tackle the problem of fire borrowing. It also includes tools the Forest Service can implement immediately to treat thousands of acres of forest land at a lower cost. 
Resources Committee’s Subcommittee on Federal Lands, of which I am a member, held a hearing on this bill. One of the witnesses testifying was U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell. 
In his opening comments, Chief Tidwell remarked that ‘‘the Forest Service is encouraged by many of the goals outlined within’’ the bill and ‘‘welcomes legislation that incentivizes collaboration and expands the toolset that we can use to complete critical work on our Nation’s forests without overriding environmental laws.’’ 
bipartisan nature in which the legislation was drafted and highlights the necessity of the reforms we are considering here today. 
that, because of the reforms and streamlined authorities in this bill, there will be an increase in acres of treated land, all at no additional costs to taxpayers. This legislation is essential and desperately needed to change the current path of forest management on public lands, which is outdated, unsustainable, and dangerous. 
consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, an education reform bill that reduces the Federal Government’s footprint and restores local control 
over education by eliminating wasteful and duplicative Federal programs and replacing them with guidelines that maintain both highperformance expectations and appropriate levels of funding. 
This legislation provides local governments with the flexibility necessary to develop appropriate strategies with which to serve their students, parents, and communities. 
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act, known as No Child Left Behind, has been due for reauthorization since 2007. Because it has not been reauthorized, the administration has been free to circumvent Congress and impose its own vision of education reform on the country, resulting in unprecedented intervention in local education issues. 
this overreach by streamlining and eliminating more than 70 elementary and secondary education programs that have been deemed ineffective and instead promotes a more focused, efficient, and appropriate Federal law in the Nation’s education system. 
sizefitsall Federal accountability requirement and replace it with State determined accountability systems designed to maintain high expectation for our Nation’s schools. Additionally, the bill supports and encourages parental engagement in their children’s education by helping parents to enroll their children in charter schools and allowing title I funds to follow lowincome children to the school of their parents’ choice. 
Mr. Speaker, a welleducated workforce is imperative to the health and vitality of both our Nation’s children and our economy. The Student Success Act will benefit students, parents, teachers, and school administrators by returning responsibility for student achievement to the States and local communities while maintaining high standards and expectations for our Nation’s students, teachers, and schools. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straightforward rule, allowing for consideration of two critical pieces of legislation that will help protect our rural communities, provide muchneeded reforms to our education system, and ensure that we are prepared to respond to devastating and catastrophic wildfires that have plagued many areas of our country. 
adoption; I urge my colleagues to support both the rule and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Washington for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. 
meet with one of the superintendents from my district, Bruce Messinger, superintendent of the Boulder Valley 
many others have over the previous years, how the outdated policies under No Child Left Behind stifle innovation and burden teachers and principals with a culture of overtesting. 
well because I served on our State Board of Education in Colorado from 2000 to 2006, when we were originally implementing No Child Left Behind; and just as we are now frustrated, we were then frustrated with the lack of flexibility, the fact that solutions were coming out of Washington rather than honoring our local accountability system in how we were able to make things work locally, and a formula, adequate yearly progress, that we knew wouldn’t work. 
percent proficiency in all subgroups within a decade. We knew we needed reasonable goals to look at student achievement growth rather than the 1 year picture. Since that time, there has been additional discretion given through a policy of waivers that have been given in many States, including my home State of Colorado, but I think we can all agree that it is past time to reauthorize and replace No Child Left Behind with a Federal education policy that makes sense. 
before us today is not that policy that makes sense. One need go no further than the very beginning of the bill in the sense of Congress section on page 7, just to see some of the Tea Party paranoia that underpins a lot of this bill. 
It starts out on page 7 as a finding of 
Congress saying that the Secretary of Education, through three separate initiatives, has created a system of waivers and grants that influence, incentivize, and coerce State educational agencies into implementing common national curriculum programs of instruction and assessments for elementary and secondary education, which is just patently false. 
First of all, I believe this is a reference—incorrect of course—to the Common Core standards. Now, first of all, standards are different from curriculum. Standards are certainly different from programs of instruction which stem from curriculum, and standards are different from assessments. 
States to create college and career ready standards. What the Federal Government and Secretary Duncan have attempted to do is say States need to have college and careerready standards. 
and say that kids are passing the test because it is a low test, it is an insufficient test. Whether States want to do it through Common Core or other mechanisms and other types of standards, they are welcome to do it. 
Now, none of that—and the most factually erroneous part—none of that has to do with curriculum or program of instruction. Those are entirely developed at the local level. Standards and the grade level expectations are one thing, as anybody involved with education knows; curriculum is another. 
It starts with a premise that somehow Washington is trying to run local school districts. That has never been the case, nor should it be the case. If that is the beginning of the essence of our cooperation, I think we can work together on a bill that empowers teachers, empowers local school districts, and empowers States with an accountability system that makes sense and the resources they need to meet the learning needs of all students. 
since Congress has authorized No Child Left Behind. While again, there are some good intentions in this bill, and there is some good language—which is also reflected in our Democratic substitute—it is far outweighed by some of the unintended consequences of the harmful language which will hurt students that is in this bill. 
refresher on how we got here. In early February, Chairman KLINE introduced 
this bill. The bill was introduced without input or buyin from Democrats, and it was drafted with zero committee hearings on ESEA. 
The bill immediately went to markup and was passed along partisan lines. The bill resembles a bill last session that passed this Chamber with zero Democratic votes. This bill is actually worse from my perspective and the perspective of Democrats, for a number of reasons that I will get into, than the bill that attracted zero Democratic support last session. 
House in February. It was then pulled. Look, everybody can agree that this is a bad bill. Teachers say it is a bad bill; principals say it is a bad bill; parents say it is a bad bill; the civil rights community says it is a bad bill; disabilities advocates say it is a bad bill, and the business community and the chamber do not support this bill. 
I think—and I am sure they will mention it—the only group that we can even find that supports this bill are superintendents. I am sure they will find a few more. We will have an enormous record of disability groups, civil rights groups, teachers groups, and many others that oppose this bill for a number of reasons, and those reasons are correct. 
If it looks bad, if it looks like a duck, 
it walks like a duck, and it quacks like a duck, it really is a duck. It is hard to bring together the business community, the civil rights community, and teachers unions around anything; and to bring them around saying that this bill will result in less educational opportunities for American kids really is a crowning achievement. 
generation of our workforce with the skills they need to succeed. b1300 
that helps improve American competitiveness in the global economy. We need a bill that expects the best of teachers and gives teachers the respect that they deserve as a profession. We need a bill that cares about students with special needs and gives them the support they need. We need a bill that allows for innovation in our schools. We need a bill that protects lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender students from discrimination and bullying; and yet both times that I offered an amendment to include the Student NonDiscrimination Act, it was not allowed in the Rules Committee. And we need a bill that ensures that every child in America has access to a worldclass education, regardless of their ZIP Code, their race, their background, their socioeconomic class, or their sexual orientation. 
and voted on is a strong step forward and reflects many of these priorities. It would have been wise for Chairman KLINE and the sponsors of the bill to 
Democratic substitute and to have considered many of those provisions in the underlying bill. 
Now, I do want to point out a few of 
the good provisions in the bill, all of which are also reflected in the Democratic substitute and are generally reflected in some of the language being debated in the Senate as well. 
school network called the New America School, I understand how the freedom to innovate and flexibility to pursue a unique mission can help public charter schools achieve the highest levels of success. 
The New America School has campuses in two States—Colorado and New Mexico—serving over 2,000 students from 40 countries. Just a few years ago, I was honored to speak at its Colorado graduation, and it was moving to hear the tales of some of the immigrant students who were served by this school. 
the charter school title V programs in both the Democratic substitute and nearly identical language in the underlying bill that ups the bar on charter schools and makes sure that the districts and States have best policies surrounding accountability for charter schools and makes sure that successful charter school models can replicate and expand to serve more students. 
amendments to H.R. 5 were made in order and have already passed the House in the previous debate in February. One of my amendments encouraged collaboration among charter schools and traditional public schools, and another amendment allowed funds to be used for open educational resources to help save districts and students money on textbooks and other programs. These resources that are 
free to use, can reduce the burden of overtesting and can help reduce costs in education. 
Now, there is not a lot more to say 
with regard to the positive provisions of this bill, but I want to talk about one of its biggest shortcomings and, namely, getting accountability right. 
Behind did not get accountability right, but the answer is to move forward and improve upon and make accountability work, not to take a step backward, which is what this bill does, by having a misguided set of principles defining performance targets and accountability. 
law, States would not be required to set performance targets based on student growth, proficiency, or graduation rates. The bill doesn’t define lowperforming schools, nor does it establish any parameters for intervention when we know a school isn’t working. 
that we can do here in Washington is equip local superintendents with the toolbox they need to help turn around persistently failing schools, and this bill fails to do that. 
schools with more flexibility to design school improvement programs that No Child Left Behind does, but we should not provide schools with the option to do nothing and allow dropout factories to continue to exist, elementary schools where we know that kids are falling further and further behind every year. 
No child should be trapped in a failing school with no recourse. We need to fix accountability, not step away from it. This bill constitutes the Federal Government throwing up its arms and letting States define success downward to make themselves look good while leaving more students behind. 
This problem is compounded by another amendment that was not even previously discussed that has now been allowed under this rule, namely, the Salmon amendment, 129, which is universally opposed by civil rights groups from the NAACP to La Raza to the Urban League to LULAC to the Education Trust. 
that disadvantaged students aren’t capable of high achievement, perpetuating low expectations that are projected on students of color, poor students, immigrant students, students with disabilities, and others. 
to those political pressures which we all feel that work against disadvantaged students, that work against them at the district level because often their parents are not enfranchised members of the community or voting in school board races or serving on the board that work against them at the State level because they are up against the special interests and, yes, work against them here even in Washington. This body needs to stand up for disadvantaged communities, needs to stand up for African Americans, Latinos, immigrant communities, those students with disabilities and ensure that any deficiency in the quality of instruction for disadvantaged communities is not swept under the rug as the Salmon amendment would do. 
on both sides of the aisle to reject the Salmon amendment. 
had its flaws, it did move us forward in continuing to serve lowincome and minority students, English language learners and students with disabilities. 
without the Salmon amendment, it excludes students with disabilities from school accountability systems. The bill eliminates the 1 percent cap on alternate assessments based on alternative achievement standards. 
problem to be solved. There are some kids with learning disabilities so severe that they can’t be given a test for accountability purposes. And that 1 percent number is an arbitrary number. You can argue it should be half a percent, you can argue it should be 1
percent. That is a very legitimate discussion to have. And I would be fully open, as many of my colleagues were, to figuring out what that number is. 
number and effectively allow a State that might serve 12 percent of a population with students with disabilities to say none of those students will be tested; none of those students with individual education plans, none of those students who might be dyslexic will be looked at in terms of how they are learning. 
dyslexic, and it took him until fifth grade to learn to read. But under provisions of this bill, he might never have learned to read because he and millions of other Americans with disabilities would be completely swept under the rug with the elimination of the cap. 
Nation’s teachers. In February, I introduced the Great Teaching and Leading for Great Schools Act, which would advance a new definition of professional development based on research and best practices. 
have to simply be hiring someone to lecture teachers for a few hours while they are all bored. In fact, there is better proven, dataproven ways that can help advance teaching and learning in schools, including collaborative peer networks, feedback from teachers and principals, tying data in to ensure that our professional development opportunities work. Unfortunately, H.R. 5 eliminates any requirement that ensures quality professional development for teachers. 
most concerning provisions in this bill to Democrats, including myself, and it has an innocuous name. It is called 
title I portability. It sounds like a good concept. It says that Federal aid for students of poverty would follow the student. 
that finding that somehow the Federal Government should never do these programs of destruction in national curriculum sounds good. But again, it is devoid of facts. 
this provision would do. What this provision would do is it would shift millions of dollars from schools that serve our most atrisk kids to schools that serve wealthier children. 
The Center for American Progress recently released a report that broke down exactly what the language would mean for highneed schools in each State. In Colorado alone, schools that serve students of poverty would lose over $8 million of funding. 
district for schools that receive title I free and reduced lunch services. They are focused on the schools that serve the largest pockets of poverty. 
In a school district like Boulder Valley School District whose superintendent was in to meet with me earlier today, they offer title I services in their schools that have about 40 percent or more free and reduced lunch kids. That allows them to focus on the eight or nine schools that have the highest need in what is overall a fairly prosperous school district. 
If this provision were passed, resources would be diverted out of those schools that are in our neediest communities to the schools that are in our wealthiest communities. 
probably will say again, what problem is it you are trying to solve by shifting resources from poor schools to wealthy schools? While, again, it is a noble concept, and if there were a way to hold harmless or provide additional support for schools that serve atrisk kids, there might be some basis of discussion with myself and Members on my side of the aisle; but to simply say that we are going to shift tens or hundreds of millions of dollars from schools that serve kids in communities of poverty to wealthier schools, under any possible accountability metric, I guarantee you, will only increase the already persistent learning gap that exists between communities of poverty and prosperous communities, and is exactly the wrong way to go with regard to how we target our Federal resources to make the biggest difference in the lives of Americans who deserve access to quality public education. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
other side of the aisle’s enthusiasm on this issue. This is an important topic, something that we have been discussing and debating for many, many 
of us want to do right by the children in our school districts. They are our future. We have an equal amount of enthusiasm on our side of the aisle. 
yield 2 minutes to the good gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), our majority whip. 
I rise in support not only of the rule, 
but of the underlying legislation with reforms that are included not only in the bill, but in the amendments that are coming forward in this rule. 
the last few months with many members of our Conference that had some real issues they wanted to see addressed in the bill. I want to talk about a few of those, specifically, the Salmon amendment that this rule makes in order that brings forward the ability for parents to opt out of testing in a way that doesn’t impact the local school system. 
whether or not you trust parents to make the right decisions for their children in making real reforms that give parents more control, getting Washington out of those decisions and allowing local innovation to move forward, and allowing parents to make those decisions about what is best for their children. So the Salmon amendment does that. I strongly support it, and I know Chairman KLINE supports it 
Grothman amendment. This is an amendment, again, that Chairman KLINE worked very closely with a number of our members on to bring forward to reduce the timeframe of the authorization. Instead of a 6year authorization, it would be a 4year authorization to give an opportunity to let the next administration put their own prints on what they want to see in terms of education reform while allowing these other reforms to move forward. That is an amendment that Chairman KLINE 
supports, as I do, and, hopefully, gets added to the bill. 
about is the Zeldin amendment. This is an amendment that gets the Federal Government out of Common Core, not only financially, but also taking the ability away from the Secretary of the Department to use things like Common Core as a bludgeon when they are determining whether or not to approve waivers. So I think it is very important to get the Federal Government out of those decisions of Common Core, and that is what the Zeldin amendment does. 
And then, finally, the Walker amendment, allowing a vote on APLUS, is something that I support, and I am glad that that is in the rule as well. 
the amendments, but with the underlying bill, to give parents more control and get the Federal Government out of 
those decisions, really good legislation to advance conservative causes in letting innovation happen at the local level. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ), the ranking 
member of the Education and the Workforce Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. 
as a former teacher, elementary school principal, and school board member, I know firsthand that No Child Left Behind is in need of serious improvement. Improvements must take substantial steps towards fulfilling the promises made by ESEA, those simple, yet powerful, promises that are at the heart of this civil rights law, promises made to all American children. 
H.R. 5 ignores these promises and endangers the educational gains made in the 50 years since ESEA was passed. H.R. 5 threatens to thrust us back to a time when the right to quality education was merely an intangible promise for disadvantaged children. It ignores the promises at the heart of this civil rights law. 
We must take substantial steps towards fulfilling the promises made by ESEA. H.R. 5 ignores the promise to value every child by allowing States and school districts to redirect funds away from the schools and the children most in need. They call it portability. H.R. 5 ignores the promise that every child counts by using vague and undefined accountability measures and failing to provide Federal guardrails for student achievement. 
child deserves a quality education, and it does so by failing to address our excessive dependence on deeply problematic standardized tests. We need to move toward more balanced forms of assessment that effectively measure diverse kinds of success in teaching and learning. 
working to understand how children learn, and I can tell you this—that this bill fails to meet the very promises that are essential for educating our children and that are at the heart of the ESEA. I strongly urge all of my colleagues to vote against this bill of unfulfilled promises. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), someone 
who really embodies something that I have seen in this Congress on both sides of the aisle since my becoming a Member, people who dedicate their lives to different fields. Congresswoman FOXXis a colleague and a member of the Rules Committee who has dedicated her life to education. 
from Washington for yielding and for his kind comments. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s debate on education and the Student Success Act is a crucial one for our future. Over the last five decades, the Federal Government’s role in education has increased dramatically. The Department of Education currently runs more than 80 K–12 education programs, many of which are duplicative or ineffective. 
Carolina, I saw how the vast reporting requirements for these Federal programs tie the hands of State and local school education leaders. 
My colleagues on the House Education and the Workforce Committee and I have been working on the Student Success Act to make commonsense changes to update Federal law, addressing the concerns raised following No Child Left Behind. 
principles: reducing the Federal footprint in education, empowering parents, supporting effective teachers, and restoring local control. 
also streamline the Department of Education’s bureaucracy by eliminating more than 65 duplicative and ineffective Federal education programs, cutting through the bureaucratic red tape that is stifling innovation in the classroom, granting States and school districts the authority to use Federal education funds as they believe will best meet the unique needs of their students. 
take definitive steps to limit the Secretary’s authority by prohibiting him or her from coercing States into adopting academic standards like the Common Core. 
If we would like to reduce the Federal Government’s role in education, we must act. In the absence of congressional action, President Obama and his Education Department have taken unprecedented steps to regulate education. 
Beginning in 2011, the Obama administration began offering States temporary waivers from No Child Left Behind’s onerous burden in exchange for granting the Secretary of Education complete discretion to coerce States into enacting the President’s preferred education reforms. 
important opportunity to stop President Obama’s overreach into State and local education debates through his waiver scheme. 
better. It is time to acknowledge more Federal intrusion cannot address the challenges facing schools. That is the promise of the Student Success Act: a reduced Federal role, focused on restoring authority and control to parents, teachers, States, and communities on how our children are educated. 
minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ), a member of the 
anniversary of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, now more than ever we must ensure that every kid has access to a great school. It shouldn’t matter who your parents are, what ZIP code you live in, or how many zeros are at the end of your bank account. 
years ago to help all kids get a good public education and to recognize the challenges faced by kids living in poverty. 
Republicans will have the opportunity to make their bad bill even worse by allowing an amendment to come to the floor today which essentially turns all of ESEA into a block grant, allowing States to use Federal resources for any educational purpose, meaning States can redirect Federal funds towards taxpayerfunded vouchers for private and religious schools. 
Wisconsin, and that strips money away from public schools and hurts kids everywhere. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 5, a bad bill that could likely get even worse today. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ), a fellow freshman. 
floor today is who knows best how to educate our children. 
the Student Success Act. This is legislation that I believe goes a long way in getting the Federal Government out of 
the way of our schools and teachers and putting education back in the right hands by restoring local control. 
the Workforce Committee, I have spent several hours debating and marking up this legislation. I have also visited several schools in my district and have spoken with parents, teachers, and administrators about the challenges they are facing. 
that topdown regulations from Washington are burdening our teachers with seemingly endless compliance requirements. 
to focus on the individual needs of their students and their classes. Instead, our current system is forcing them to spend time filling out paperwork and meeting this onesizefitsall requirement. 
That is exactly why H.R. 5 is important legislation that I urge my colleagues to support today. This bill replaces the current accountability system that says Washington knows what is best for our students, and it replaces it with a system that gives States and school districts the responsibility for measuring the success of their schools. Through bottomup reforms, it restores local control and gives our educators more freedom to innovate. 
how students and communities benefit from local innovation in schools. We 
have one such example in my district that does not get $1 of Federal funding, and it takes children who are discarded by the public school system and makes successful students from this group. I am very proud of what this school has accomplished. 
this school, with more information to hold schools accountable for effective teaching, and it expands opportunities to send their children to a school that 
best meets their needs. It also gets rid of almost 70 unnecessary Federal programs and, instead, creates a block grant that provides money to the States. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
protected from being coerced into adopting Common Core by the Department of Education, and they have the right to opt out of any program under the law. 
Mr. Speaker, all of these are significant and needed steps to put the responsibility of education back where it belongs, and that is with the States, local school districts, parents, and the educators, as they know what is best. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5. 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the distinguished 
ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
in Brown vs. Board of Education, the Supreme Court talked about the value of education when it said that, these days, it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if denied the opportunity of an education. Such an opportunity where the State has undertaken to provide it is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms. 
The fact is that equal educational opportunities were not and still are not always available in lowincome areas, basically, for two reasons. First, we 
fund education through the real estate tax, virtually guaranteeing that wealthy areas will have more resources; and just with the give and take in politics, you know that lowincome areas will generally get the short end of the stick. 
and Secondary Education Act to recognize the disparities in funding. It addresses ‘‘the special educational needs of children of lowincome families and the impact that concentrations of low income families have on the ability of local educational agencies to support adequate educational programs.’’ 
fundamentally a local issue through ESEA, the government recognized that, without Federal oversight and support, districts would not address these inequities. In the last reauthorization, better 
known as No Child Left Behind, in addition to money, Congress required States to identify and address achievement gaps. 
of our children has been much improved, as high school dropout rates are at historic lows, as the longterm scores on the national tests have gone up, and as the achievement gaps for racial and ethnic minorities have actually been closing, but the gap between rich and poor has actually been going up. 
the House has put forth its vision of the reauthorization of the ESEA, the Student Success Act. It violates the original purpose of ESEA, first, by reducing the funding, but also by changing the funding formula to take money from lowincome areas and to give it to wealthy areas. 
percent poverty, would lose about a quarter of its funding while Beverly Hills, with virtually no poverty, would pick up about 30 percent in additional funding under that new formula. 
if adopted in the bill, will significantly reduce the ability of States to determine academic achievement gaps. 
mad at having to take tests, and we address that in the bill by auditing the number of tests, making sure that there are as few as possible and that they are used for purposes which are validated. 
ability of States to identify achievement gaps and then scales back their requirement to do anything about it. 
less funding, less ability to determine the achievement gaps, and then no requirement to do anything about it. 
bill, for example, block granting programs that will end up underfunding bilingual education, afterschool programs, STEM, arts education, and others. These vital programs will certainly do worse. 
should both defeat the rule. And if the rule passes, we should defeat the bill. 
very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), another freshman colleague. 
in strong support of the rule and of the underlying bill. 
our K–12 education system back on track, helping students all across this country. 
Over the past 6 months, I have traveled in my district to listen to the concerns of teachers, administrators, parents, and students. 
hear is that there is too much confusion coming from Washington and that 
those who know what is best—our educators and parents—are not getting a say in our children’s futures. 
unique needs of their students far better than any bureaucrat in Washington ever will. 
the Top, and waivers, the Department of Education has sent so many mixed signals that it is impossible for teachers and administrators to focus on what is needed most, flexibility to help students learn and succeed. This is why I am a strong supporter of H.R. 5. 
for putting forward legislation that ensures that students and schools are put first. Accountability will now be placed where it should have been all along, with States and local school districts. 
United States as failing has caused the Department of Education to become far too overreaching in defining accountability as they continue to shift the metrics on what is considered satisfactory. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5 empowers parents and students by giving them access to information about local schools in order to hold them accountable. 
In addition, this bill eliminates 65 duplicative and underperforming programs and consolidates the money into a new grant program for local school districts. This money can be spent by districts to meet their unique needs. 
the bill, and students and parents retain the ability to make the best educational decisions for them by providing access to charter schools and magnet schools. 
Particularly important for my constituents in New York is language in H.R. 5 that prevents the Secretary of Education from forcing States to implement Common Core. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS), a member of the 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, here we go again, back to the same bill we debated earlier this year that continues to embrace the idea that less Federal oversight over Federal dollars is what we need to transform K–12 education. 
removing Federal standards would help local leaders make tough decisions. That is absolutely wrong. It actually makes it harder. 
board in a large urban school district, and I remember agonizing over the decision to move money from one high needs school to another. In the end, it was the law and safeguards around title I that helped direct us to make 
sure the money went to the students that required the greatest assistance. This changes that. 
Mr. Speaker, what we need is a Federal law that gives guidance to local school board members that must deal with thousands of competing interests every single day and which enables local leaders ultimately to make the right decision. 
missed opportunity. We need a 21st century education system that makes investment in all our Nation’s children. That and only that will help our Nation compete in the global economy. Today’s reauthorization of ESEA not only misses the mark, but actually moves us in the wrong direction. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, a ‘‘no’’ 
vote on final passage and also on the Salmon amendment. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), the chairman of the 
the leadership, the gentleman from Washington, and the members of the Committee on Rules for bringing this rule to the floor. I think it is a good rule. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on it and the underlying bill, which I am hopeful and pleased we are going to get to today. 
In response to some of the last speakers, first of all, let me associate myself with the remarks of Ms. STEFANIK from 
New York. She is right on. This is exactly the kind of policy and law that we need in this country at this particular time because it puts the trust and the personal responsibility back in the hands of the people where it belongs; and that is our parents, our teachers, our school principals, and superintendents. 
that we here in Washington know better how to raise our children than those children’s parents, working hand in hand, side by side, with that child’s teacher and school leaders. 
point. It is needed for the 21st century, and I want to address some of the misinformation that might be out there. 
First of all, I want to be very clear, 
Mr. Speaker, that the civil rights protections, which I agree with my friend, the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, are very, very important—critical. That is all kept here. That language remains because it is essential. 
data so that we can see from a holistic, collective standpoint how our children of whatever ethnic background are doing. That is very important. That is kept. Title I is there. There is some more portability, but we think that is a good thing because choice in this subject is a good thing. 
that this isn’t about money. Federal spending in education has gone up 300 percent since the Federal Government 
got involved in this business, and test results are flat. It is not about money. It is about leadership. 
to give them the tools that they need so that they can help our children grow and compete in the 21st century world and win. That is exactly what the Student Success Act does. It trusts teachers and parents over Washington bureaucrats. 
from this House for the rule and for the underlying legislation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). 
today in opposition to the rule which would allow for consideration of H.R. 5, a harmful bill that abandons our commitment to ensuring all children in my home State of Arizona and across the country are afforded quality education that prepares them for success. 
We can all agree that every child deserves a fair shot by giving them and their teachers the tools they need; but the reality is millions of kids face additional barriers that require targeted resources. Unfortunately, this bill turns its back on these kids by block granting all funding for English language learners, migrant students, and atrisk students and lets the funding be spent elsewhere. 
What is more, it eliminates requirements that schools improve the education of English language learners each year. By removing accountability for the achievement and learning gains of Latinos and English language learners, this bill ignores the real needs of kids and families across our communities. 
Mr. Speaker, a Latino child in Phoenix deserves every resource he or she needs to succeed. That is why I strongly support the Democratic substitute amendment to H.R. 5 offered by my colleague Congressman SCOTT. This alternative recognizes the needs of Latino students and ensures proper oversight that we know is necessary. 
H.R. 5 and its dangerous provisions for Latino students. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
first signed into law the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, President Lyndon B. Johnson greatly advanced both education and civil rights. 
Federal support for our schools remains very real, but Republicans celebrate the anniversary by effectively repealing the civil rights portion, Title I, of this act. 
In February, Republicans began consideration of this bill and then suspended it because so many of their Members did not think it was extreme 
Since then, the Senate has come together in a bipartisan, though lacking, approach, but a better approach that recognizes the need for civil rights and public education. 
Just as it did previously on immigration reform, the House has rejected that bipartisan approach and has jumped off the right end with a more extreme antieducation attitude. 
schoolchildren will put on their backpacks and head off to school. As their number increases, this bill actually cuts the purchasing power available to our schools to meet those growing needs. 
encourage the States to divert aid from the schools with the greatest need and to actually use Federal dollars to replace what the States are already spending on education. 
our schools and our students, it also eliminates dedicated funding for important programs like STEM—science, technology, engineering, and math education. These STEM skills are driving innovation. 
It is silent on support for our youngest Americans, as schools across the country recognize that brain research supports having preK through 12 education. We need not only accountability but funding. This bill should be rejected. We cannot shut the door on these students. 
2 minutes to the good gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
of this measure will restore responsible management to our forests after decades of Federal neglect. My district includes seven national forests which have suffered from increasingly devastating forest fires caused by overgrown, mismanaged forests and has 
just three forest fires burned 200,000 acres. Our rural communities, public lands, and environment are being destroyed by this neglect. 
This measure will return active management to our forests by increasing flexibility; cutting red tape; and, most importantly, acting to manage forests before fires occur, not afterwards. Streamlining the review process means that forest management can occur when it is actually needed to address dangerous conditions, not after years of legal roadblocks. 
postfire salvage and rehabilitation hastens forest recovery and prevents fuel buildup that can contribute to the next future fire. Expanding local involvement in forest management will improve the data available for planning and respect local priorities. 
finding that over 12 million Sierra Nevada trees have died in the last year, we cannot afford to wait another year. Mr. Speaker, it is imperative that we 
act today before our forests have passed beyond any point where they can be restored to good forest health. 
has 21⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Washington has 8 minutes remaining. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. 
on so important an issue that, in essence, is about our future as a Nation and future generations, we should find common ground. Education is a civil right. All students deserve the opportunity of a world class, highquality education. 
This very week, the Senate is discussing their own version of ESEA reauthorization. Now, while nothing is perfect, their bill reflects the bipartisan spirit that would improve this bill if it was allowed in this body. 
Members of the TriCaucus and leaders of the New Democrat Coalition have sent letters to the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions with a number of suggestions for their bill, but at least there is a bipartisan attempt to help prepare our Nation’s kids for our future. 
pieces of legislation this body will consider. It is a bill about our future. Members of this body are eager to improve this bill and pass a reauthorized version to finally replace No Child Left Behind. 
No child should have to attend a failing school, and ZIP Code and race should never determine the quality of an education that a child receives. I think that is something, hopefully, we can agree on as a core principle. 
Unfortunately, the bill before us retreats from our promise to our Nation’s students. H.R. 5 would bring us back to a time with no accountability standards, where students with disabilities are swept under the rug. 
schools and kids that need it the most; and with the Salmon amendment, it would sweep minority students, students with disabilities, new immigrant students, and lowincome students under the rug, as they were in the past. Now that they have emerged, we must ensure that they meet all the learning needs for all students. 
our Nation’s kids by not being thoughtful and deliberate with this issue. It is rare that a bill would unite the business community, teachers, school boards, and many others in opposition, but H.R. 5 does this. 
give students and our country a bill that they deserve. 
better advantage of that opportunity. I encourage my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no’’ on the rule; ‘‘no’’ on the bill; ‘‘no’’ on the Salmon amendment; and ‘‘yes’’ on the Democratic substitute, which was thoughtfully put together to ensure that America’s next generation is prepared to carry on our legacy of global leadership and to put food on their tables as aspiring members of our great country. 
As you can tell, due to the number of 
colleagues from both sides of the aisle speaking today, these are critically important issues we are considering, important to the economic wellbeing of our country, as well as to the health of our forest lands and the safety of rural communities. 
the way we combat wildfires and manage our forests is of the highest priority, and I urge my colleagues to support this rule, as well as both of the underlying bills. 
of H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, a bipartisan, comprehensive bill aimed at expediting and improving forest management activities in Federal forests. 
would address the disastrous consequences of catastrophic wildfire and would return resilience to our overgrown, fireprone forests by dramatically improving the health of our Federal forests and rangelands. 
areas around the country, continue to face the threat of catastrophic wildfire, which is made worse by the continuing drought conditions and the poor management and maintenance of forests on our Federal lands. 
We must begin to take steps to prevent and address these fires, which this bill does by reforming the way we prepare, respond to, and fund wildfire response and mitigation efforts. 
this current path, where we limp from one devastating fire to the next, unable to break the cycle of destructive fire seasons due to ineffective funding mechanisms, insufficient forest maintenance, and a burdensome Federal permitting and review process. 
This bill addresses these shortcomings by tackling the problem of fire borrowing, simplifying environmental process requirements, reducing project planning times, and lowering the cost of implementing forest management projects, all while ensuring robust environmental protections. 
and streamlined authorities in this bill, there will be an increase in acres of treated land, which will come at no additional cost to our taxpayers. This legislation is essential and desperately needed to change the outdated, unsustainable, and ultimately dangerous system of forest management on Federal lands. 
consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, a reform of our Nation’s education system which reduces the Federal Government’s footprint in State and local issues and restores control over education back to those on the ground who are best qualified to make the decisions affecting their students, parents, teachers, and communities. 
Mr. Speaker, a welleducated workforce is imperative to the health and vitality of both our Nation’s children and our economy. The Student Success Act empowers parents, local communities, and State governments to lead the way in fixing America’s broken educational system. 
teachers, and school administrators by returning responsibility for student achievement to the States and local communities, while maintaining high standards and expectations for our Nation’s students, teachers, and schools. 
Mr. Speaker, allowing for consideration of two critical pieces of legislation that will help protect our rural communities, provide muchneeded reforms to our education system, and ensure that we are prepared to respond to the devastating and catastrophic wildfires that have plagued many areas of our country. I support the rule’s adoption, and I urge my colleagues also to support both the rule and the underlying bills. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 242, nays 185, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Messrs. FITZPATRICK, FRELINGHUYSEN, DUFFY, STEFANIK, MULLIN, YOHO, BRIDENSTINE, TIBERI, YOUNG of Alaska, ROGERS of Alabama, and TIPTON changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the congressional version of the Women’s World Cup Soccer team, the softball version. 
sides of the aisle, my teammates, my sisters who played valiantly in the 7th Annual Congressional Women’s Softball Game. 
Congratulations to the women Members of Congress who beat the press in a shutout game, defending our title in backtoback victories as Congressional Women’s Softball Game Champions. 
both sides of the aisle. They have become my sisters and my friends throughout the whole season. 
about what we do over 3 months with the incredibly busy schedules that so many of us have, coming out to practice at 7:00 in the morning, two or three times a week. We did not have a smaller turnout for practice than 10 Members at each practice at 7:00 in the morning. And our hard work paid off. 
This is a game that, I know, many of 
you know is near and dear to my heart. 
It bears repeating just because of the reason that we play this game. I was 
ago, and today I am cancer free at 41 years old. 
It is really timely for us to be able to 
focus some attention on breast cancer in young women, given the USPSTF recommendations and the discussions that we are having around making sure that we pay attention and help young women focus on their breast health. That is what this game is all about. 
We are so proud to tell you that since 
we started this game 7 years ago, we have raised about $700,000 for the Young Survival Coalition. $200,000 of that was this game. 
Without the leadership and dedication of our board of directors and our organizing committee, this game and the money we raise would not have been possible. 
board president, Kate Yglesias Houghton, and all the members of board: Atalie Ebersole, Natalie Buchanan, Tori Barnes, and Kristen Buckler. Also, a huge thank you to the members of 
the organizing committee: Jill Agostino, Sean Bartlett, Gary Caruso, Kayla Dunlap, Katharine Emerson, Ben Gerdes, Jenna Glazer, Kathryn Hamm, Erika Kelly, Jim Kiley, and Dana Paikowsky. A special shoutout to EDDIE PERLMUTTER , who was one of our 
gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY), who for the second time this 
month and for the second time in the last couple of weeks is actually standing next to me. 
like to associate myself with the gentlewoman from Florida’s remarks. 
I also would like to thank all of our 
colleagues here in this Chamber today that have not only come out and supported us, but also supported the Young Survivors Coalition as well. 
the survivors. Each member of this team played either in memory of or on behalf of someone who is currently struggling with the fight with cancer. 
McCall Walker, Mr. Speaker, who came from Alabama and attended the game, along with so many others, that we support these individuals. This is a really incredible thing that the Members of Congress do. 
I would just say we are on it for next year, too. So keep your guard up. 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR), who is the MVP. She played an 
incredible game. And ‘‘most improved’’ is the gentlewoman from Arizona, KYRSTEN SINEMA . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) 
had been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 132, line 24. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 244, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeGette Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 243, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 245, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zinke 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 188, noes 239, not voting 6, as follows: 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 239, not voting 5, as follows: 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 191, noes 238, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 251, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 243, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam 
Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 180, noes 249, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 250, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 192, noes 237, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin Zinke 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 243, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I would like to include an extension of the record indicating that I inadvertently voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 404. I intended to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 244, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated against: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, during 
rollcall vote No. 405, I mistakenly voted ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
No. 405 on H.R. 2822, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
rollcall vote No. 405 on H.R. 2822, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 237, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 406, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 406 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 168, noes 258, not voting 7, as follows: 
Amash Babin Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Crawford DeSantis 
DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus 
Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
Stated against: Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
407, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 231, noes 198, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 222, noes 206, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
being unavoidably detained, I missed the following rollcall votes: No. 392–No. 409 on July 8, 2015 (today). 
No. 392—On Agreeing to the Resolution, Providing for further consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act and H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, ‘‘aye;’’ rollcall vote No. 393—On Agreeing to the Amendment, First Garamendi of California Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 394—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Capps of California Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 395—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Sablan of Northern Mariana Islands Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 396—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Castor of Florida Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 397—On Agreeing to the Amendment, First Grijalva of Arizona Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 398—On agreeing to the Amendment, First Tsongas of Massachusetts Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 399—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Second Grijalva of Arizona Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 400—On Agreeing to the Amendment, First Polis of Colorado Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 401—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Edwards of Maryland Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall No. 402—On agreeing to the Amendment, Lawrence of Michigan Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 403—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Second Polis of Colorado Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 404—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Second Tsongas of Massachusetts Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 405—On Agreeing to 
Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 406—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Beyer of Virginia Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall vote No. 407—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Blackburn of Tennessee Amendment No. 6 to H.R. 2822, ‘‘aye;’’ rollcall vote No. 408—On Agreeing to the Amendment, Pearce of New Mexico Amendment No. 13 to H.R. 2822, ‘‘aye;’’ rollcall vote No. 409— On Agreeing to the Amendment, Hardy of Nevada Amendment to H.R. 2822, ‘‘aye.’’ 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. BLACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 286. An act to amend the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act to provide further selfgovernance by Indian tribes, and for other purposes. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 337, and I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. P ELOSI ), our leader and one of the 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I commend him for being a champion on human rights throughout the world. 
thank him for his courageous, long term dedication to human rights throughout the world and the recognition that what is happening in Tibet is a challenge to the conscience of our country and to the world. 
the concerns that we have, and I know that our distinguished ranking member will talk about some of what is contained in the resolution. I thank them both for their leadership. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the resolution and in celebration of the 80th birthday of His Holiness the Dalai Lama, whose spiritual wisdom and friendship have been inspiring and uplifting to many Tibetans, Americans, and people throughout the world. 
transcendent presence on the international stage. As a compassionate religious leader, astute diplomat, and an undaunted believer in the power of nonviolence, the Dalai Lama has earned the respect of people from many nations, many backgrounds, and many faith traditions. 
American Presidents and the American people have been inspired by His Holiness, who describes himself as a simple monk, ‘‘no more, no less.’’ Those American Presidents began with Franklin Roosevelt, who sent His Holiness the Dalai Lama a watch with the phases of the Moon on it for his birthday when he was a little boy. 
Roosevelt because His Holiness would not only be a religious figure, but one who related so positively to science and its mysteries. 
the earthly manifestation of the living Buddha. To them and the international community, he is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan people. To millions of believers and admirers, he is a source of wisdom and compassion. To young 
people, His Holiness is a positive example of how to make the world a better place. 
As our colleague mentioned, the Chinese Government has refused to meet with him. They are afraid to meet with him; they consider him a threat, and that is so unnecessary. They accuse him of being for independence when he has said for decades now that he is for autonomy for Tibet. 
The Chinese Government has brutally repressed Tibet’s unique religious, cultural, and linguistic heritage. The Chinese Government’s oppression of the Tibetan people and the Chinese Communist Party’s vitriolic campaign against the Dalai Lama continues, which, again, challenges us all to speak out. Again, the situation in Tibet is a 
challenge to the conscience of the world. If freedomloving people do not speak out against oppression in Tibet, then we have lost all moral authority to speak out on behalf of human rights anywhere in the world. 
If it is a big country with whom we 
have big commercial interests, like China, it deters us from using our voices in support of human rights. How then can we turn to smaller, less economically significant countries and say, ‘‘But for you, the standard is different’’? 
with the Tibetan people and stand with His Holiness the Dalai Lama to ensure that Tibetan children are free to learn their language, practice their faith, and honor their culture as they live in peace. 
achievements of His Holiness is his profound and unbreakable connection with the people of Tibet. He has won the Nobel Peace Prize, as was indicated; and we honored him with a Congressional Gold Medal in 2007. At that time, it was an honor for all of us that President George W. Bush and Mrs. Bush attended that gold medal ceremony. 
milestone in any culture, none more so than in Tibet. This is a moment to celebrate; yet on his birthday, July 6, Tibetans were still not even allowed to utter the Dalai Lama’s name. 
than 140 Tibetans have selfimmolated to protest oppression by the Chinese Government and the Chinese Communist Party’s vitriolic campaign against the exiled Tibetan religious; yet the people of Tibet persevere. They persevere in peace. The nonviolent nature of the Tibetan struggle should serve as an inspiration to a world riven by conflict and devastating acts of violence. 
has shown that harmony between peoples is based on freedom of expression, the freedom and courage to speak the truth and treat others with mutual respect and dignity. 
Dharamsala. He had lamas come from all over to visit with our bipartisan congressional delegation who were visiting him there. 
all the oppression and the campaign against the Tibetans that was happening at that time, I got up to speak following that, and I said that we, in Congress, must act; we must act in terms of legislation to support the people of Tibet. 
I said so in a very forceful way because it was so sad to hear the stories of what was happening in Tibet, and I was so strong in my reaction to it. His Holiness followed me in the program, and he said: ‘‘I pray that we can rid NANCY of her negative attitudes.’’ 
honor the Dalai Lama on his 80th birthday than by standing with him 
and the Tibetan people, vowing to keep their cause alive. 
and joyous birthday, we must rededicate ourselves to the cause of peace in the world and peace in our lives. 
I rise in strong support of H. Res. 337. 
I am proud to have offered this resolution that calls for the Chinese Government to sit down with Tibet’s leaders without preconditions, listen to their grievances, and work toward an agreement that guarantees the rights and security of the Tibetan people. 
leader pointed out, the 80th birthday of the spiritual leader of the Tibetan people, His Holiness, the 14th Dalai Lama. 
Holiness, who is truly a remarkable man, such a gentle spirit driven from within by incredible strength and courage, a person of such humor and kindness whose life has been marked by struggle and setback. 
many years ago. When you meet him, no matter your faith or background, you cannot help but feel the bond of common humanity and be drawn into his cause and the cause of the Tibetan people; indeed, many in Congress have gotten behind this effort. 
greater champion in Congress for the Tibetan struggle for freedom. For 
years, she has held a light to the challenges the Tibetan people face in preserving their unique culture, language, and religion. I am honored that she is cosponsoring this resolution. 
Let me also thank Asia Subcommittee Chairman MATT SALMON , 
and cochairmen of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, Representative JIMMCGOVERN and Representative J OSEPH PITTS, for supporting this 
lived under the shadow of the People’s Republic of China, without guarantees of even the most basic rights and with no say in deciding Tibet’s future. The Dalai Lama has described the cultural genocide the Tibetan people have endured, forced assimilation and loss of language and cultural identity. 
for the Tibetan people deteriorate and continue to deteriorate, as more monasteries come under government control, as more people are arrested, the desperation of the Tibetan people grows. 
have burned themselves alive in protest of growing oppression; yet the Chinese authorities have not changed course. Despite talk of mutual respect and social harmony, the reality in Tibet tells a very, very different story. 
the Dalai Lama and call for meaningful change for the Tibetan people. The Dalai Lama’s life has been a peaceful journey toward a better future for his people. It is in that spirit that we call on the Chinese Government to negotiate without preconditions. 
His Holiness has shown that democratic institutions can thrive alongside spiritual leadership. It is in that spirit that we urge the Chinese Government not to involve itself in the spiritual succession process for the next Dalai Lama, should there be one. 
freedom of expression and freedom of conscience to promote mutual understanding and harmony. It is in this 
spirit that this resolution calls on China to allow unrestricted access to officials, journalists, and other America citizens. 
has an obligation to hold up these freedoms as well. That is why this measure also calls on our own government to press the issues of human rights, political rights, and religious rights at the highest levels of the Chinese Government and to call for the immediate release of Tibetan political prisoners. 
has worked for a peaceful path forward for the Tibetan people. We are grateful for his example and his wisdom. With this resolution, we urge China’s leaders to do the right thing for Tibet. 
I enthusiastically support this resolution; I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
now my pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), the cochair of the 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission and a longtime supporter of the Dalai Lama and of Tibet. 
want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) for yielding me the 
time and for his leadership on this issue and on so many other issues. 
ROYCE ; Subcommittee Chairman S ALMON; my friend and fellow cochair of the 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, Congressman JOEPITTS; as well 
as my colleague from New Jersey, Congressman SMITH, for working in such a 
bipartisan way to bring this resolution to the House floor during this week when we are all celebrating the 80th birthday of His Holiness, the Dalai Lama. 
I especially want to thank Democratic Leader PELOSI for her many 
years of leadership and support of the Tibetan people. She is a true champion in the struggle to protect their basic human rights and autonomy. 
the fundamental human rights of Tibetans, including the right to worship 
as they choose and to enjoy and protect their culture. But we may be running out of time to guarantee those rights. 
Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th Dalai Lama, the Chinese Government has recently asserted its right to approve his successor. The very continuation of the ancient line of Tibetan spiritual leadership and reincarnation is in question. 
Lantos Human Rights Commission will hold a hearing on the situation in Tibet with the aim of identifying new, creative ideas to advance the basic human rights of Tibetans and to ensure Tibetan autonomy. 
Since 2009, more than 130 Tibetans inside China have taken the unimaginable step of setting themselves on fire. At least 112 are believed to have died. Some chose selfimmolation to protest Chinese Government policies, others, to call for the return of the Dalai Lama. In response, Chinese authorities have intensified official reprisals. 
Surely the people of Tibet must wonder whether anyone is hearing their desperate cries. With this resolution, we are attempting to send a clear message back to Tibet that, yes, we hear you. You are not alone. 
abuses in Tibet are neither new nor unknown. On the contrary, Tibet is a very sensitive issue in U.S.China relations. U.S. policy is supposed to be guided by the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002, which encourages dialogue between the Chinese Government and representatives of the Dalai Lama, but Chinese intransigence has closed down dialogue since 2010. 
to Tibet and Tibetan regions, especially for U.S. journalists, officials, and citizens, even though, I might add, Chinese citizens and officials enjoy unrestricted access here in the United States. 
issued a new white paper on Tibet, with its own unbelievable version of history and an unprecedented demand that the 
Dalai Lama publicly state that Tibet has been an integral part of China since antiquity as a precondition for improving relations with China. 
something different. We need to have the guts to take some action. Everyone in the world says how much they admire the Dalai Lama. Every head of state, every international organization all declare how much they care about Tibet and worry about Tibetan human rights abuses, but things have only gotten worse. We must all come together now to change the status quo, to change the game the Chinese Government has been playing for so many decades. 
no longer. And shame on all of us if we stand by with empty words and continue to watch the people of Tibet suffer and their culture, religion, and way of life be exterminated day by day, year by year, until nothing is left. 
So I thank my colleagues for bringing this urgent matter to the attention of Congress, and I urge all my colleagues to support H. Res. 337. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). 
when the United States remains silent? What happens is repression and torture and the expansion of dictatorship, and, in the end, it makes the United States vulnerable. 
Chinese to take whatever course they want to suppress the people of Tibet for over three decades now. And has it made Tibet any better, the people any freer that we haven’t put any demands on the Communist Party in Beijing? 
have given them such elbow room, that the Chinese dictators in Beijing have decided to move on and treat their people a little bit better? 
been a growing repression and a growing chance of an altercation, an international altercation between China and its neighbors and, yes, the United States. 
It is time we stand up for the people 
of the world who are fighting, struggling for their freedom, knowing that is what will make us secure, and nowhere is that more clear than in Tibet. 
people who are just reunited by the Communist Chinese with the motherland in China. It has been a distinct culture for centuries. And it wasn’t until long after the Communist Chinese had taken over the rest of China that they invaded Tibet and subjugated its people. 
The Dalai Lama is the spiritual leader, but also a symbolic force for freedom of religion and humanitarianism in this world. 
that we are on the side of the Dalai Lama and the people of Tibet and in no way could our actions be interpreted, our silence be interpreted to be acquiescence to the repression that the people of Tibet have been experiencing these last three and four decades. 
I rise in support of H. Res. 337, and I 
thank my colleagues for the leadership that they have provided on this issue. Let’s make sure America stands tall, stands strong, and stands with the people of Tibet and other people seeking their freedom. 
myself such time as I may consume to close. 
one mind. This is the right thing to do. 
honor the deep humility, respect, and peace that the Dalai Lama represents to us and to people around the world. We should support this resolution to underscore our friendship and commitment to the Tibetan people and to all people who are oppressed and deprived of their basic rights. 
Let me say that again, and to all people who are oppressed and deprived of their basic rights. 
And we should support this resolution on behalf of the Chinese people themselves, the growing number of people inside China who understand China itself will be more prosperous and more successful when their government chooses to be genuinely open and respectful of all peoples and cultures. 
Res. 337, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to again thank my good friend and colleague ELIOT ENGEL  
for his excellent resolution. It is a bipartisan resolution. 
for her eloquence on the floor today and for her love and respect that she has conveyed for decades to the Dalai Lama and the people of Tibet. 
shows, I think, that we are absolutely united, and I think that is an important message to send at this critical juncture. 
I also want to point out to my colleagues that China really is a place where much is never as it seems to be. People who take trips there, go on tours there, even Members of Congress who travel there come away with a Potemkin village viewpoint of what is happening, especially when torture and other degrading acts and cruelty is routinely visited upon and imposed upon people that the Chinese Government deems to be of lesser value. 
see it with underground Christians. We see it with the Uighurs. And we see it in Tibet, where there has been a systematic effort to eradicate the culture of Tibet. It is genocide. They even used forced abortion as a way of genocide to kill the children of Tibetan mothers. 
mid1990s, and it was on torture in the People’s Republic of China. And let us not forget, Chinese law proscribes torture. It prohibits torture. It is all a nice paper promise. It doesn’t mean anything. 
against torture, the U.N. convention, and they love to ballyhoo that when they are at international fora and when their people travel here to the United States. 
China took out a reservation to the U.N. Convention Against Torture, Article 20, that exempts it from accepting any investigation about abuses. So the 
only one who will investigate China is the Chinese Government itself. They will not allow the International Committee of the Red Cross. They will not allow U.S. representatives and other bilateral or, I should say, multilateral organizations to come in and investigate allegations of torture. 
this hearing, one of many. I have held 53 hearings on human rights abuses in China over the years. But this one we had six people, all of whom had been tortured with impunity by the Chinese Government. 
monk, came to the Rayburn Building, tried to go through the security there and was stopped. He was stopped because he brought with him some of the implements of torture that are used routinely by the Chinese Government— cattle prods and other hideous instruments that are put under the arms and elsewhere to cause horrific damage and pain to the victim—and he described in detail at the hearing what he personally went through. 
day. The State Department’s report on human rights recently released reminds us that electric shocks, exposure to cold, and severe beatings, as well as extreme physical labor, are routinely used against Tibetans and Tibetan Buddhists, in particular, just like they were against Palden Gyatso years ago. 
gotten worse. And again, this resolution brings the light and scrutiny that is so necessary to these hideous practices. 
support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 337, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 310) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding Srebrenica. 
and ethnic cleansing perpetrated by Bosnian Serb forces resulted in a massive influx of 
Bosniaks seeking protection in Srebrenica and its environs, which the United Nations Security Council designated a ‘‘safe area’’ within the Srebrenica enclave in Resolution 819 on April 16, 1993, under the protection of the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR); 
Srebrenica consisted of a Dutch peacekeeping battalion, with representatives of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the International Committee of the Red Cross, and the humanitarian medical aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) helping to provide humanitarian relief to the displaced population living in conditions of massive overcrowding, destitution, and disease; 
Whereas early in 1995, an intensified blockade of the enclave by Bosnian Serb forces deprived the entire population of humanitarian aid and outside communication and contact, and effectively reduced the ability of the Dutch peacekeeping battalion to deter aggression or otherwise respond effectively to a deteriorating situation; 
Serb forces attacked UNPROFOR outposts, seized control of the isolated enclave, held captured Dutch soldiers hostage and, after skirmishes with local defenders, took control of the town of Srebrenica on July 11, 1995; 
Whereas an estimated onethird of the population of Srebrenica at the time, including a relatively small number of soldiers, attempted to pass through the lines of Bosnian Serb forces to the relative safety of Bosnian government controlled territory, but many were killed by patrols and ambushes; 
protection with the Dutch peacekeeping battalion at its headquarters in the village of Potocari north of Srebrenica, but many of these individuals were with seeming randomness seized by Bosnian Serb forces to be beaten, raped, or executed; 
women, children, and the elderly in buses, but held over 8,000 primarily Bosniak men and boys at collection points and sites in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina under their control, and then summarily executed these captives and buried them in mass graves; 
conceal evidence of the massacre at Srebrenica, subsequently moved corpses from initial mass grave sites to many secondary sites scattered throughout parts of 
Missing Persons (ICMP) deserves recognition for its assistance to the relevant institutions in Bosnia and Herzegovina in accounting for close to 90 percent of those individuals reported missing from Srebrenica, despite active attempts to conceal evidence of the massacre, through the careful excavation of mass graves sites and subsequent DNA analysis which confirmed the true extent of the massacre; 
among the worst of many atrocities to occur in the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina from April 1992 to November 1995, during which the policies of aggression and ethnic cleansing pursued by Bosnian Serb forces with the direct support of the Serbian regime of Slobodan Milosevic and its followers ultimately led to the displacement of more than 2,000,000 people, more than 100,000 killed, tens of thousands raped or otherwise tortured and abused, including at concentration camps in the Prijedor area, with the innocent civilians of Sarajevo and other urban 
victims at Srebrenica, individuals with Bosniak heritage comprise the vast majority of the victims during the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina as a whole, especially among the civilian population; 
Whereas, on May 25, 1993, the United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 827 establishing the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY), based in The Hague, the Netherlands, and charging the ICTY with responsibility for investigating and prosecuting individuals suspected of committing war crimes, genocide, crimes against humanity and grave breaches of the 1949 Geneva Conventions on the territory of the former Yugoslavia since 1991; 
Bosnia and Herzegovina as well as in Serbia, have indicted and in most cases convicted approximately three dozen individuals at various levels of responsibility for grave breaches of the 1949 Geneva Conventions, violations of the laws or customs of war, crimes against humanity, genocide, and complicity in genocide associated with the massacre at Srebrenica, most notably Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic whose trials are ongoing; 
Whereas both the ICTY and the International Court of Justice (ICJ) have ruled that the actions of Bosnian Serb forces in Srebrenica in July 1995 constitute genocide; 
June 27, 2005, expressed the sense of the House of Representatives that the aggression and ethnic cleansing committed by Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina meets the terms defining genocide according to the 1949 Genocide Convention; 
Whereas the United Nations has largely acknowledged its failure to fulfill its responsibility to take actions and make decisions that could have deterred the assault on Srebrenica and prevented the subsequent genocide from occurring; 
Whereas some prominent Serbian and Bosnian Serb officials, among others, have denied or at least refused to acknowledge that the massacre at Srebrenica constituted a genocide, or have sought otherwise to trivialize the extent and importance of the massacre; and 
Whereas the international community, including the United States, has continued to provide personnel and resources, including through direct military intervention, to prevent further aggression and ethnic cleansing, to negotiate the General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina (initialed in Dayton, Ohio, on November 21, 1995, and signed in Paris on December 14, 1995), and to help ensure its fullest implementation, including cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia as well as reconciliation among all of Bosnia and Herzegovina’s citizens: Now, therefore, be it 
and ethnic cleansing as implemented by Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1992 to 1995 meet the terms defining the crime of genocide in Article 2 of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide; 
question that the massacre at Srebrenica constituted a genocide; 
a United States interagency committee established by the Administration in 2012, to study the lessons of Srebrenica and issue informed guidance on how to prevent similar incidents from recurring in the future, paying particular regard to troubled countries including but not limited to Syria, the Central African Republic and Burundi; 
International Commission for Missing Persons (ICMP) in accounting for those missing in conflicts or natural disasters around the world and believes that the ICMP deserves justified recognition for its assistance to Bosnia and Herzegovina and its relevant institutions in accounting for approximately ninety percent of those reported missing after the Srebrenica massacre and seventy percent of those reported missing during the whole of the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina; 
International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) of all persons indicted for war crimes, crimes against humanity, genocide and grave breaches of the 1949 Geneva Conventions, particularly those of Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic, which has helped strengthen peace and encouraged reconciliation between the countries of the region and their citizens; 
killed or executed at Srebrenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina in July 1995, along with all individuals who were victimized during the conflict and genocide in Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1992 to 1995, as well as foreign nationals, including United States citizens, and those individuals in Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and other countries of the region who risked and in some cases lost their lives during their brave defense of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and advocacy of respect for ethnic identity without discrimination. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative 
days to submit statements and extraneous materials for the RECORD on this 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
pauses to remember and reflect on the Srebrenica genocide, horrific acts of brutality, wanton cruelty, and mass murder committed in Srebrenica beginning July 11, 20 years ago. 
brave Bosniaks who suffered and died, victims of genocide. This week, the people in the United States and men and women of goodwill throughout the world again extend our deepest condolences and respect to the mothers and surviving family members who have endured unspeakable sorrow and loss that time will never abate. And this week, the international community must recommit itself to justice, once and for all, for those who perpetrated these heinous crimes. 
Karadzic are incarcerated, awaiting final disposition of their cases before the International Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for multiple counts of genocide, crimes against humanity, and violations of laws and customs of war. 
an estimated 8,000 people were systematically slaughtered by Bosnian Serb soldiers in the United Nationsdesignated ‘‘safe haven’’ area of Srebrenica. They killed Muslim women and children, but especially sought out and murdered adult males in that area. 
These brutal killings were not committed in battle. They were committed against people who were unarmed and helpless and who had been repeatedly assured by Dutch peacekeepers that they would not be harmed if they surrendered. 
the executions were committed with the specific intention of destroying the Bosnian Muslim population of that area. This intention is the central element in the crime of genocide. 
Srebrenica were charged with enforcing Security Council Resolution 836, which had pledged to defend the safe areas with ‘‘all necessary means, including the use of force.’’ 
the U.N. forces offered only token resistance to the Serb offensive. Their military and political commanders had redefined their primary mission not as the protection of the people of Srebrenica, but as the safety of the U.N. forces themselves. 
described the reaction. And I quote him: ‘‘Everybody got a fright. You could easily get killed in such an operation. As far as I knew, we had not been sent to Srebrenica to defend the enclave, but, rather, as some kind of sprucedup observers.’’ 
So that is what the peacekeepers became: observers to genocide. Soon they became something more than observers: enablers. 
battalion handed Bosnian Muslims who had sought safety within the U.N. compound over to the Serbs. They watched as the men were separated from the women and children, a process which was already well known in Bosnia—it was at the time—as a sign that the men were in imminent danger of being executed. These men were never heard from again. 
chaired in March of 1998—and I had six of them—Hasan Nuhanovic, the indigenous translator working for the U.N. peacekeepers in Srebrenica, testified. 
his family in the genocide. He was there when Mladic and the commanders of the Dutch peacekeepers talked about the terms. 
‘‘On July 12, the day before the fall of 
Srebrenica, the Bosnian Serb Army commander, General Ratko Mladic, requested a meeting with the Dutchbat commander, Lieutenant Colonel Karemans, and local representatives of Srebrenica in the nearby town of Bratunac outside the enclave . . . During the meeting, Mladic assured the Dutch and local delegation that no harm would come to the refugees in Potocari . . . 
local representatives are ordered by Dutchbat deputy commander, Major Franken, to prepare a list of all males, all men and boys between the ages of 16 and 65 among the refugees inside and outside the camp. The list of the males among the 6,000 inside the camp was completed the same day . . . 
refugees out of the Potocari camp. The Serbs were waiting at the gate, separating all males from the women and children. Major Franken stated that all the males whose names were on the list would be safe . . . I watched my parents and my brother being handed over to the Serbs at the gate. None of them have been seen since. 
‘‘I want to explain here that the people hoped that the Dutch were going to protect them, the U.N. peacekeeping troops and all other members of all other organization who were present in Srebrenica who were inside the camp, the people hoped that they would be protected, but the Dutch soldiers and officer gave no other option to the refugees but to leave. So the refugees inside were told to leave without any other choice. My family was told on the evening of 13 July that they should 
leave. About 6 p.m., there were no more refugees inside the camp. 
‘‘I don’t know if this is the topic of 
the meeting or hearing, but the same night the Dutch soldiers had a party inside the camp because they received two or three trucks full of beer and cigarettes. They played music while I was sitting, not knowing what happened to my family.’’ 
As he went on to say later, they had 
visited Srebrenica, where, together with my good friends President Haris Silajdzic and the Grand Mufti of Bosnia, Reis Ceric, I spoke at a solemn memorial service and witnessed the internment of hundreds of wooden coffins of newly discovered victims of the genocide. 
see 12 years then after the genocide— now it is 20 years—families still grieving loved ones whose bodies were being identified, often miles from the killing sites, as Serb forces, trying to hide the evidence of their crimes, moved the bodies of their victims. 
2005—the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed H. Res. 199, which I authored, which clearly and unambiguously condemned the Srebrenica massacre for what it was: genocide. 
the recognition of the Srebrenica massacre as a genocide. Two years later the verdict of the International Court of Justice found the same, in confirming the ruling of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. 
is nearly unanimous when it proclaims that the Srebrenica massacre was a genocide. The resolution today, of course, supports that as well. 
there are some genocide deniers. That is why this resolution condemns statements that deny that the massacre at Srebrenica constituted genocide. Just last weekend Milorad Dodik, the president of Republika Srpska, asserted that the Srebrenica genocide is a lie. 
Ukraine, Russia is utilizing misinformation and historical revisionism in an attempt to destabilize Bosnia and the Balkan region. Today Russia vetoed a British U.N. Security Council resolution that reaffirms that Srebrenica was a genocide. 
to protest the resolution and emboldened genocide denialism in the Republika Srpska, one of Bosnia’s two constituent entities. 
encourages the administration to fulfill other neglected responsibilities. In particular, it urges the Atrocities Prevention Board to study the lessons of Srebrenica and issue informed guidance on how to prevent similar incidents from recurring in the future. As you may know, the Atrocities 
Prevention Board is a U.S. interagency committee established by the administration in 2012 to flag potential atrocities. However, since its creation, the board has been marked by inaction and a complete lack of transparency. 
conflicts with disturbing parallels to Bosnia before the genocide continue to fester in Syria, the Central African Republic, Burma, and in Burundi. 
benefit from a more active board. The conflict in Burundi is currently at a tipping point, and it absolutely needs attention. 
much greater atrocities prevention in U.S. policy, there have been many promising developments in the Balkan region, and this needs to be underscored. 
In particular, I would note that Serbia today is not the Serbia of the Slobodan Milosevic era. That era was marked by nationalist aggression against neighboring countries and peoples, as well as considerable repression at home. 
my hearings on Serbia, Curuvija, a great young leader, was murdered on the second day after our bombing began by Serbian people. And the persons who did that have now been held to account. So what has happened there—thankfully, there have now been significant changes in Serbia. 
hope we will have a strong show of support for this resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
I rise in support of H. Res. 310. I am the lead sponsor of this resolution. And I remember 20 years ago being in this Chamber when that massacre happened. It is hard to believe that it has been 20 years since the Srebrenica genocide, and it certainly was a genocide. 
Nations declared the area around this small town a safe zone. On the eve of the massacre, tens of thousands of displaced Bosniak civilians had gathered under the protection of the U.N. in what they thought was a safe zone. 
be slaughtered a little while later. But the 400 U.N. peacekeepers could put up scarce resistance to the army of the Republika Srpska, whose leaders were bent on wiping out the Bosniak population. 
were lined up and mowed down by machine guns. Children were murdered in front of their mothers. Women and girls were raped and beaten, as onlookers stood powerless to intervene. Bulldozers piled bodies into mass graves. 
I remember that happened in our lifetime. It is hard to believe. 
bloodiest episodes on European soil since World War II. 
story. It praises the efforts to hold the guilty accountable. It demands that those efforts continue. It underscores solidarity with the victims and calls for a reconciliation that will one day see the lies, hatred, and violence of the past replaced by true friendship and community. 
what happened because telling the truth—however painful—is the starting point for healing to begin. 
We remember the Srebrenica genocide to honor the victims and to remind ourselves of the costs of indifference, of what can happen when we say, well, that is somebody else’s problem. 
have just come back from the Balkans—and charts a course toward a brighter future, I hope the lessons of this tragedy will be a guide for the United States and for countries around the world fighting against tyranny and oppression. 
Today there was a disgrace that happened at the United Nations. Unfortunately, there are many disgraces that 
the slaughter of Bosnian Serbs of some 8,000 Muslim men and boys who had sought refuge in what was supposed to be a U.N.protected site genocide. 
U.N.? Russia vetoed a U.N. resolution calling Srebrenica a genocide. It passed the Security Council. Russia vetoed it. 
used for something of substance, not a resolution. This resolution has substance, but you would not think that Russia or any country would veto it. 
Let me see what this defeated resolution stated. It stated that acceptance of ‘‘the tragic events at Srebrenica as genocide is a prerequisite for reconciliation’’ and ‘‘condemns denial of this genocide as hindering efforts towards reconciliation.’’ 
Russia casting a veto; and four abstentions: China, Nigeria, Angola, and Venezuela. 
vote said that Britain was outraged by Russia’s veto. And he said Russia’s actions tarnish the memory of all those who died in the Srebrenica genocide. Russia will have to justify its behavior to the families of over 8,000 people murdered in the worst atrocity in Europe since the second World War. 
Camil Durakovic, the mayor of Srebrenica. He added that the veto means that the U.N. is not recognizing a decision by its own judicial branch, the International Court of Justice, which has declared the tragedy a genocide. ‘‘The world has lost. The world, and especially Serbia, will have to face the truth sooner or later.’’ 
who was a 24yearold journalist in Bosnia at the time of the Srebrenica 
massacre, told the Council that, ‘‘For all of the brutality of a horrific war, this was a singular horror. It was genocide, a fact now proven again and again by international tribunals.’’ 
said. ‘‘It mattered hugely to the families of the victims of the Srebrenica genocide. Russia’s veto is heartbreaking for those families, and it is a further stain on this Council’s record.’’ 
think it is important to notice the actions of Russia. We see their actions in Ukraine. We see their actions at the U.N. And we see the actions of the U.N., itself. And it really is a shame. 
to honor its victims. It is not somebody else’s problem. It is all of our problems. 
in the future, we have to accurately recall what happened in the past. 
resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), the distinguished 
chairman of the full Foreign Affairs Committee and a great leader on human rights. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. SMITH of New Jersey for 
bringing this bill up and keeping this atrocity and the lessons that it means for us today in front of this body, and as always, I appreciate Mr. ENGEL ’s cooperation in seeing this resolution move to the floor. 
on that day 20 years ago this month as Bosnian Serb forces transformed what was supposed to be a U.N. safe haven for refugees into what became an extermination camp. 
were massacred. As they shared with you, Serb forces compiled detailed lists of those targeted for killing. They separated families, and they drove those young Muslim men to various fields where they were summarily executed. 
for the former Yugoslavia ruled that this act was an act of genocide—and rightly so. We do not know the names of many of these victims, as these killers took extensive measures to cover their crimes. As a result, families have never found their missing relatives, and experts continue to uncover and identify remains at the scenes of these mass killings. 
General Kofi Annan has said that this tragedy will ‘‘haunt the United Nations forever.’’ Although it occurred 20 years ago, this massacre continues to hinder progress towards peace in this troubled region. For while Serbia’s President has apologized for crimes committed, 
he and other Serbian officials still refuse to admit the true extent of the brutality. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s resolution encourages Serbian authorities to publicly acknowledge the genocide that occurred, which would constitute a major step forward in restoring relations with its neighbor. 
policy to oppose mass atrocities in the strongest terms whenever and wherever they occur; but of course, the Srebrenica genocide, along with others in Rwanda, Cambodia, and Darfur, are stark reminders that simply saying ‘‘never again’’ will never be enough. Action is needed, and it is demanded as, around the world, violent conflicts threaten to erupt once more into genocidal campaigns. 
abuses against the Rohingya Muslim population in Burma have caused human rights advocates to sound the alarm over a ‘‘grave risk of additional mass atrocities and even genocide.’’ Unable to claim citizenship in Burma or elsewhere and under constant threat of violence, many have called the Rohingya Muslims ‘‘the most persecuted minority in the world,’’ leading thousands upon thousands to flee their homes in overloaded boats. That is why I helped lead the effort last Congress to pass H. Res. 418, calling for an end to the persecution of the Rohingya people. 
broke out last June killing four and injuring dozens more. Acting with impunity under the Rajapaksa government, extremist forces destroyed mosques and Muslim businesses, displacing thousands. 
Under the Sirisena government, however, we have an opportunity to press 
for positive change and inclusivity in the newly elected government there in Sri Lanka. 
Extremist groups are similarly targeting minority communities in Syria, the Central African Republic, and Burundi. While we absolutely must remember past atrocities, we are charged with doing all we can to stop today’s violence. I don’t want future Congresses having to memorialize atrocities from our era now. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. CHRIS 
important resolution; and, again, I thank Mr. ENGEL . 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
leadership on this important resolution, and I am gratified that we held this timely debate ahead of the solemn commemorations that will take place in Srebrenica and around the world this weekend. 
I thank our chairman for his leadership, Chairman ROYCE , as usual. It 
on the Foreign Affairs Committee in a very bipartisan manner. This transcends everything. This is genocide, and these resolutions are very, very important. 
this. The chairman said something that really jostled my mind. I pointed out where a U.N. resolution was vetoed today by Russia. These men who were massacred in a genocide went to what they were told was a United Nations safe haven. 
of the United Nations and then for Russia to veto a United Nations resolution commemorating solemn, solemn 20 years, it is just an absolute disgrace and irony; and it is one of the reasons that the United Nations has trouble because of the hypocrisy, once again, that we see in that body. 
the House solidly on record honoring the thousands of innocent people killed at Srebrenica and all those who suffered during the Bosnian war. We stand alongside those who risked and continued to risk life and limb to defend the human rights of all people. 
support this resolution unanimously, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
say a very special thanks to Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY for arranging 
for this bill to come to the floor and of course to the Speaker, to EDROYCE , 
our distinguished chairman, and the ranking member for their strong support and cosponsorship of this resolution. It is bipartisan, and I think we are sending a clear and unambiguous message to the world, again, that Srebrenica was a genocide. 
committed these atrocities. At least two of the major perpetrators, hopefully, will soon get justice, one at the end of this year and Mladic probably by 2017. The wheels of justice do turn slowly, but they are jailed right now. Above all, I think we need to pray for the victims. 
loved ones who continue to suffer unspeakable agony. I do hope the American people and all of us in the House and in this town will—especially as this remembrance comes around beginning on July 11—keep these people who have suffered so much in our prayers. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 310, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding Srebrenica. As a co chair of the Congressional Caucus on Bosnia, I believe it is crucial to distinguish the Srebrenica massacres as genocide while honoring the thousands of innocent people who were killed in July twenty years ago. In the early 1990s, following Bosnia and 
Herzegovina’s declaration of national sovereignty, Bosnian Serb forces attacked Eastern Bosnia in order to unify and secure Serb territory. During this struggle for control, those Bosnian Serb forces, also called the Army of Republika Srpska committed crimes of ethnic cleansing of the nonSerb population. Approximately 8,000 Bosnian men and boys were systematically executed in 1995. 
during this time was a failure on behalf of the international community. In 1999, UN SecretaryGeneral Kofi Annan acknowledged that the global community needed to accept responsibility for the ethnic cleansing campaign in Bosnia and Herzegovina that killed thousands of unarmed civilians in a town designated as a ‘‘safe area.’’ 
For many years now, I have called on the 
United Nations to recognize Srebrenica as a genocide. Yesterday, I learned that Russia blocked the latest effort by the United Kingdom to recognize the Srebrenica massacres as a genocide, calling it ‘‘not constructive, confrontational, and politicallymotivated.’’ I am disappointed that the UN is unable to formally recognize Europe’s worst atrocity since World War II. 
will not distinguish Srebrenica as genocide, I applaud my fellow Bosnia Caucus cochair, Congressman CHRIS SMITH, for introducing 
this important resolution. While the UN’s hands are tied, I am proud that the United States continues to be Bosnia and Herzegovina’s greatest friend and ally. I urge my colleagues to support Bosnia and Herzegovina by voting in favor of this resolution. 
WALKER ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) that the House 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 310. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the 
further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. YODER (Acting Chair) in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Friday, February 27, 2015, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 44 printed in part B of House Report 114– 29 offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) had been postponed. 
shall be in order to consider the further amendments printed in part A of House Report 114–192 as if such amendments had been printed in part B of House Report 114–29. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . ROKITA  
to consider amendment No. 45 printed in part A of House Report 114–192. 
Page 5, lines 4, 7, 16, 20, and 24, strike 
Page 6, lines 4, 10, 16, 21, and 25, strike 
Page 450, line 19 and 23, strike ‘‘2021’’ and 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is simple. It shortens authorization of the act from 6 years to 4 years. I am very thankful for the leadership of the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) for his work in 
Mr. Chairman, it is the role of Congress to conduct oversight of Federal programs and regularly revisit the results of taxpayer investments. We began a process to replace No Child Left Behind 4 years ago, and our goal 
roll back the Federal Government’s authority over K–12 schools and return to State and local education leaders the responsibility and opportunity to deliver a quality education to their students. 
strong conservative proposal that reflects our shared principles for reducing the Federal role, restoring local control, and empowering individuals, not government bureaucrats. Reducing the authorization to 4 years will give Congress and the next administration a chance to ensure that these bold reforms are actually working as intended. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment to the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
opportunity to serve on our State Board of Education in Colorado from 2001 to 2007, so this was during the implementation phase of No Child Left Behind. 
the flaws we are hoping to address through ESEA reauthorization today, but it took several years just to get up to the point where we had the tests, we had the standards, and we complied with it. 
Education is a major public enterprise. In fact, it is the largest public 
enterprise at the State and local level. One of the frustrations that I have heard a lot of in the last few years— and it has really amplified the frustration about testing—is the fact that the ball has been moving, the testing has been changed. 
typical, moved from one test, the CSAP, to a temporary test, the TCAP, and then finally a third test, all in a period of 4 years. 
something that we will hear from education stakeholders as varied as teachers, school boards, and principals—is stop moving the ball. 
We know it is not going to be perfect. 
Let’s give it a little bit of time to work. Now, this bill is far from perfect, which is why I oppose the underlying bill; but whatever set of rules you set in place, I feel it is important to allow the rulemaking, the State laws, to catch up, which takes a period of time, a period of years. 
through 2021, rather than reducing it to 4 years, is absolutely in the interests of ensuring that whatever law we come up with can be implemented more effectively at the State and local level. 
and teachers to chase a constantly moving ball, it detracts from their most important effort, which is to educate the next generation of Americans. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
minute to the gentleman from Minnesota, Chairman KLINE, the chairman 
of the full Education and Workforce Committee. He has been a leader in the area of working on these issues for a lot more than 4 years. 
literally a few seconds to say I understand the gentleman’s purpose here. I think this improves the bill. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. 
indicated, if you have a good bill, you should have as long an authorization as possible. It allows for better planning and the other things he mentioned. 
formula takes from the poor and gives to the rich. It eliminates the responsibility to actually do something about the achievement gaps. I just believe the quicker we can get back to it, the better. So if you want to shorten the authorization so that the pain inflicted on this bill is shorter, I am for it. 
the gentleman for supporting the amendment. The reasons he is supporting are completely wrong. We have increased Federal spending, as the gentleman knows, on education over 300 percent since the Federal Government has been involved. And guess what, Mr. Chairman, the results have been flat lined. 
the poor and give to the rich. In fact, it ensures that civil rights are protected and that children, whatever socioeconomic background, aren’t left behind, but they have the opportunity to succeed in the 21st century and win. 
may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ), who is new 
to this Congress but is already making this mark. He has coauthored this amendment with me. 
well, one of the many reasons that this is a good bill is that it recognizes that the Federal Government is taking too much control over education in this country. 
One of the reasons the Federal Government should not get involved in many, many things is they are not very nimble. When they make a mistake, rather than turning something 
around—you know, if a school board makes a mistake, they may come back in a meeting 2 weeks later and undo the mistake they made. When the Federal Government makes a mistake, it can take 15 or 20 years, if ever, to admit they made a mistake. 
Behind bill passed, I used to meet with school superintendents a couple times a month. They knew within months that that bill was horribly flawed. 
hard on this bill. It is a very good bill, but it is still a very big, complicated bill. And I am sure within months, years, a couple of years, local superintendents will report changes they want to have made. 
I think this is a very good amendment because, even though it doesn’t assure us that we are going to revisit this in 4 years any more than the original No Child Left Behind we were sure we were going to revisit in 7 years, I think it reminds Congress that at least in a 4year period you ought to be looking at it, see what your local superintendents think, see what your local schoolteachers think, and see if it can be improved. And, of course, it is going to be able to be improved in 4 years. So that is the reason for the amendment. 
home we are passing a law and we don’t anticipate even looking at it again for 4 years, I think they would think that is highly unusual. That defines one of the reasons why we shouldn’t get the Federal Government involved in a wide variety of things. 
you can look at a bill during its period of initial authorization. There are routinely cleanup bills that move through this body. 
Behind had a cleanup bill in 2002 or in 2003 or in 2004, all during its initial period of authorization, but President Bush closed the doors on even the changes that I think that we could have had broad consensus that we needed to pass. 
this ESEA process, if we can agree on cleanup things and unintended consequences 2 years, 3 years out, let’s do them. 
ball. It leads to the spinning of the wheels for a period of years. And rather than working on educating kids, people are working on complying with an everchanging matrix of Federal, State, and local law. 
pass a law in this body. It goes to Federal rulemaking, input from various constituencies, final rules. It goes to States who might change their policies, State Boards of Education, State commissioners. It goes down to districts, busy superintendents who are worried about bus schedules, who are 
have to worry about recommending to their boards the new policies that will comply with our new Federal law. 
It takes a lot of time. It might take 
2 years, 3 years before it finally reaches those policy implementation levels on the ground at a local level. And guess what, if this amendment becomes law and the authorization period is only 4 years, they might finally—finally— start complying with this law only to find that there is a future Congress, a future President that moves the ball once again and starts the whole cycle of spinning wheels all over again. 
we do in this body, that we give time for a thoughtful implementation of it at the State and local level that doesn’t detract from the core mission that the men and women who teach in our classrooms, the men and women who volunteer on school boards, the professionals who serve as superintendents commit their lives to in terms of educating kids. 
longer reauthorization. If there are cleanup matters that we can agree on during that authorization period, we should by no means preclude them from the discussion until the end of this authorization. That was one of the problems with No Child Left Behind, that this body never had a followup discussion. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
to consider amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Report 114–192. 
as the ‘‘Academic Partnerships Lead Us to Success Act’’ or the ‘A PLUS Act’. 
added flexibility to determine how to improve academic achievement and implement education reforms. 
compliance burden of Federal education programs in order to focus Federal resources on improving academic achievement. 
the use of public funds and shall report student progress to parents and taxpayers regularly. 
‘declaration of intent’ means a decision by a State, as determined by State Authorizing Officials or by referendum, to assume full management responsibility for the expenditure of Federal funds for certain eligible programs for the purpose of advancing, on a more comprehensive and effective basis, the educational policy of such State. 
term ‘State Authorizing Officials’ means the State officials who shall authorize the submission of a declaration of intent, and any amendments thereto, on behalf of the State. Such officials shall include not less than 2 of the following: 
‘State Designated Officer’ means the person designated by the State Authorizing Officials to submit to the Secretary, on behalf of the State, a declaration of intent, and any amendments thereto, and to function as the pointofcontact for the State for the Secretary and others relating to any responsibilities arising under this part. 
to submit to the Secretary a declaration of intent permitting the State to receive Federal funds on a consolidated basis to manage the expenditure of such funds to advance the educational policy of the State. 
within the scope of the State’s declaration of intent any program for which Congress makes funds available to the State if the program is for a purpose described in this Act. A State may not include any program funded pursuant to the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
to a State pursuant to a declaration of intent under this part shall be used for any educational purpose permitted by State law of the State submitting a declaration of intent. 
that operates under a declaration of intent under this part shall modify or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers that prevent local educational agencies and schools from easily consolidating funds from other Federal, State, and local sources in order to improve educational opportunities and reduce unnecessary fiscal and accounting requirements. 
the declaration of intent has been authorized by the State Authorizing Officials, specifying the identity of the State Designated Officer; 
the requirements of applicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the declaration of intent and in consolidating and using the 
declaration of intent the State will seek to advance educational opportunities for the disadvantaged; 
declaration of intent, the State will seek to use Federal funds to supplement, rather than supplant, State education funding. 
of intent by excluding coverage of a Federal program included in the original declaration of intent; 
shall specify an effective date. Such effective date shall provide adequate time to assure full compliance with Federal program requirements relating to an eligible program that has been removed from the coverage of the declaration of intent by the proposed amendment. 
shall determine and establish an accountability system to ensure accountability under this part. 
later than 1 year after the effective date of the declaration of intent, and annually 
to parents and the general public a report that describes student progress. The report shall include— 
used Federal funds to improve academic achievement, reduce achievement disparities between various student groups, and improve educational opportunities for the disadvantaged. 
UNDER PA R TAO F TITLE I.—If the declaration 
of intent does not include within its scope part A of title I, the amount spent by the State on administrative expenses shall be limited to 3 percent of the aggregate amount of Federal funds made available to the State pursuant to such declaration of intent. 
pursuant to a declaration of intent under this part shall provide for the participation of private school children and teachers in the activities assisted under the declaration of intent in the same manner as participation is provided to private school children and teachers under section 9501.’’. 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and 
introducing the Academic Partnerships Lead Us to Success, or the APLUS, Act. 
When most of us come to Washington, one of the promises or one of the things that we try and do best is to return as much power or, should I say, decisionmaking back to the States and back to the people. 
It allows the States to opt out of as many as 80 different Federal programs, returning that opportunity. Some may say that No Child Left Behind, that it allows the opt out, and it does; but what it doesn’t do, it doesn’t allow the States to opt out of the mandates and still keep their Federal funding. That is why we believe this is a crucial amendment. 
to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ), my distinguished friend. 
I am happy to cosponsor this amendment. I think of this amendment in terms of Common Core because we have had a lot of controversy over Common Core. A lot of parents are upset about it, and they say: Look, this was the Federal Government getting involved in education, and people support it. Congress said: Wait a minute. The 
Federal Government never mandated Common Core. That never happened. 
And, you know, that is true. But what did happen was the Federal 
Government had a huge amount of money under President Obama’s race to the top, and they said: Hey, States— and this is during the recession and States needed the money—here is some money, but you have got to do what we want you to do. 
and really coerced a lot of States into adopting something like Common Core. 
is it says: Okay. The Federal Government has gotten involved in K–12 education. I don’t think it has been very successful from the very beginning, but if you are going to be providing money, at least give the State the ability to take that money and use it as they see fit to try and innovate and to try to do things that will improve the academic performance of their kids. But don’t condition the funding on following specific formulas that Washington knows best. 
I think this is something that will empower local communities and, I think, ultimately will be better off as a matter of K–12 education. So I thank my friend from North Carolina for offering it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
States just take the money and run with no assurance that the billions of Federal dollars actually benefit the populations of students that ESEA was intended to serve: lowincome, minority students who do not speak English, students with disabilities. 
address the special educational needs of children of lowincome families and the impact that concentrations of low income families have on the ability of local educational agencies to support adequate educational programs. 
Subsequently, we added a requirement that you identify and address achievement gaps. That is the purpose of the law. If you just opt out and take it as a block grant, you don’t have to address the problems that the money is designed to cure. 
original purpose of the original ESEA, and this amendment just makes it worse. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I request how much time is remaining. 
better to address these problems than parents, States, and local school 
One, it restores education decisionmaking to State and local leaders who are better positioned to make informed decisions about the needs of their local school communities. It allows States to consolidate funding for any and all programs that are authorized under the ESEA, and it also reduces bureaucracy and increases transparency of student outcomes by redirecting accountability to parents and taxpayers, not Washington. 
Fundamentally, I believe that government is more accountable, almost always, the more local, and it becomes more effective. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
great potential for cooperation between Democrats and Republicans, as has historically been, with regard to education; and that lies in, of course, enhancing flexibility in freeing teachers and principals and districts from some of the bureaucratic constraints that they have that distract from their ability to maximize education. 
But along with that increased flexibility needs to come accountability; otherwise, we wind up with the worst of both worlds. And just like No Child Left Behind erred too far in the direction of not enough flexibility with too much in the wrong kind of accountability, so, too, must we be careful not to err in the direction of too much flexibility without accountability. 
we increase the ways and the manner that States and districts have to free up local innovation at the classroom level, at the school level, at the district level, we need to make sure and reiterate what our goals are here. 
How do we make sure that all students are learning? How do we make sure that schools are serving students with disabilities under IDEA? How do we make sure that districts and States are committed to closing the achievement gap between students of color and White students, even in local jurisdictions that might not have that political will intrinsically? That is the Federal promise. That is the promise and the reason behind ESEA and our efforts to improve education across these United States. 
To turn it over to the States effectively makes the referee a player on the field. We need to have an objective look. The same people who are concerned with deciding exactly how moneys are spent cannot objectively weigh whether it is working or whether it is not. That is just human nature. 
have additional flexibility in grants— something I think that we can certainly work together on—if they have 
there is an objective standard under which what they are doing with that flexibility is determined to work or not to work. And if it doesn’t work, we need to encourage those States to move in a different direction. If it does work, we can increase our efforts to support them. 
here that can be worked on, but the underlying amendment would be extremely detrimental to public education. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
from North Carolina yielded back the balance of his time. Did the gentleman intend to reserve? 
Mr. WALKER. Yes. The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentleman ask for unanimous consent to reclaim his 2 minutes of time? 
Mr. WALKER. He yielded back 2 minutes to me. Is that correct? 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentleman ask for unanimous consent? 
Mr. WALKER. Yes. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from North Carolina may reclaim his 2 minutes of time. 
clear, the gentleman was not yielded time from the gentleman from Virginia. 
granted his own time, which erroneously he had yielded back to the Chair. 
from North Carolina has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 2 minutes remaining. 
this is talk. And with due respect to my friend from Colorado, I hear the point. But I would say a lot of that is we are hearing ‘‘we, we this, we this, we the Federal, we this.’’ It really should be ‘‘we the people at the State,’’ ‘‘we the people at the local level.’’ 
the power that we like to monger up here among us in this House to return it back to the States, to return it back to the individual school boards. 
Who best knows to make these decisions other than these parents and these school boards? We talk about accountability. As Dr. Phil would say, ‘‘How has that been working for us the last 40 years?’’ 
back to where it goes, where it should have been from the very beginning, and that is to the State level and to the local people, to the parents and the school boards. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, the ESEA passed in 1965 because States and localities were not equitably funding the schools. The ESEA required the money to be spent primarily in the areas with a concentration of lowincome families. If this amendment passes, we can reasonably assume that they will go back to the way they were doing it. 
I would hope that we would defeat the amendment and keep the requirement that the States, in using the money, address the fiscal inequalities and achievement gaps. 
requirements that they do anything, and we can reasonably assume that they would go back to doing the things they were doing to begin with before the ESEA passed. I would hope we would defeat this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . SALMON  
to consider amendment No. 47 printed in part A of House Report 114–192. 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Representative R OKITA of the House Committee on Education and the 
Workforce for working with me on this important amendment, which is to ensure that parents have more authority and power over their children’s educations. 
It would allow any parent to opt his child out of highstakes testing, and it would protect schools from being punished by the Federal Department of Education if parents opted to take their children out of these tests. 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act, called No Child Left Behind, the Federal Government has placed increasing importance on academic assessments in K–12 education. 
necessary to understand and measure a child’s academic progress. However, academic assessments have become an overutilized metric to evaluate everything from the quality of a teacher to the strength of a particular program. 
with highstakes testing, more and more time is being usurped from actual classroom learning. It was reported that the testing for a student in the 
11th grade could take up to 27 days, a total of 15 percent of the entire school year, and a lot of the teachers complain about having to teach to the test. In fact, I think that is why the NEA has come out in support of this amendment. 
fed up with such constant and onerous testing requirements, and so are the teachers. While some States currently allow parents to opt their students out of assessments, there exists a simultaneous obligation on schools of a 95 percent participation rate in school assessments. 
If schools don’t meet these requirements, they risk enforcement measures from the Department of Education, which, at worst, could include losing access to Federal funding. These factors create a strange environment of conflicting interests for students, parents, and schools. 
fear of penalties by directing that optedout students not be counted among the 95 percent participation requirement while giving parents due power over their children’s educations. 
supporting this important amendment, which returns the power back to where it should be, with the parents. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, it is one thing to keep a light on problems like achievement gaps, as the underlying bill does, but it kind of sweeps everything under the rug. 
95 percent, only one State actually assessed 95 percent of students with disabilities, and it was not unusual for 
have field trips on testing day. If you are not measuring the achievement gap, you can’t deal with the achievement gap. 
students test, which is 95 percent, so that we can actually identify the achievement gaps and do something about it. Parents do have the right to opt out, but when the dust settles, at least 95 percent will have had to have 
you eliminate that requirement, school systems can encourage people not to show up on testing day. They can have field trips on testing day and can manipulate the data so that, if only half of the students are taking the test and if you make sure that it is the good students who are taking the test, your scores all of a sudden will go up. 
tested means you have meaningful data so that you can find out what the problem is, and then you can deal with it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SALMON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), the chairman of 
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman is expressing a concern here of parents, not of schoolteachers and principals who want to put together field trips. There is a great deal of anxiety on the part of some parents, and this is giving them some power. 
I support the gentleman’s amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
Once again, we are considering legislation that does nothing to improve equity in our public education system, assuring and ensuring that resources are focused on student populations that have been historically marginalized, primarily children of color, English language learners, children with disabilities, and poor kids. The lessons from No Child Left Behind are plentiful, some good that need improvement and some that need to be eliminated from a reauthorization. 
This amendment, along with the underlying legislation, continues to dismantle and remove the ESEA’s significant mission, to deal with the issue of poverty in this country, marginalized communities, and kids who are not achieving. 
oppose H.R. 5 and this amendment. The current bill fails to provide all of our communities with equitable educations. 
Portability eliminates a maintenance of effort, block grants don’t address charter school accountability, 
and it eliminates provisions to protect English learners in this country. With this amendment, we eliminate the Nation’s responsibility to be accountable and to ensure that all children get an education. 
I am astounded by the historical amnesia that goes on when we have these discussions. The ESEA was formed for a purpose: to improve and to create equity and opportunity for children who didn’t have it. 
country when we can say that States can take care of this. We can go back to those vestiges, as the ranking member said, in which there was no equality, there was no opportunity, and tell the States, ‘‘You can do what you want with this Federal money. And, by discretion, if you don’t educate all of your children, that is okay. And if, by discretion, we can’t hold anybody accountable for his lack of education, that is okay.’’ 
serious umbrage with the arrogance that purveys this city in that we are the font of all knowledge. In fact, I lovingly joke with my constituents when I go back and say, ‘‘I am from Washington, D.C., and I am here to help you.’’ It always draws a loud amount of laughter because everybody knows that that is not the way things really are. 
have the biggest vested interest in whether or not their children succeed in education, if we can’t trust the teachers, if we can’t trust the local school boards, whose members also have to run for election, then we might as well just fold up and go home. 
I have a lot more confidence in parents, in teachers, in our local school boards, than I do in some nameless, faceless bureaucrat here in Washington, D.C. I say we put the power back where it should be: in the hands of parents and teachers and local school boards. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
wrote me that she prefers that students with special needs be required to take tests. In her words, ‘‘The tests gave us the data we needed to see where my son needed additional support.’’ 
passed, schools across the country would systemically excluded students from tests in an effort to inflate a school’s overall performance and sweep deficiencies and discrimination under 
students to opt out of tests and allow those students to be omitted from the testing threshold, would make it easier to, once again, exclude historically marginalized students from accountability systems. 
knowing which students truly opted out, which were pushed out, and which students stayed at home at their schools’ suggestion or traveled on an optional field trip. 
similar provision was brought up in the State legislature, and over 400 business and community leaders strongly publicly opposed the bill and succeeded in defeating it. 
we need data on every student, regardless of race, background, or disability. This kind of policy allows the very data we need the most on the most needy kids to be swept under the rug. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
If this amendment passes, school systems will have an incentive to address achievement gaps not by the hard work that it takes to close the achievement gaps, but by just manipulating the data. That is wrong, and this amendment ought to be defeated. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No. 48 printed in part A of House Report 114–192. 
to receive a grant under this part, the State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary a plan, developed by the State educational agency, in consultation with representatives of local educational agencies, teachers, school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, early childhood education providers, parents, community organizations, communities representing underserved populations, and Indian tribes, 
that satisfies the requirements of this section, and that is coordinated with other programs of this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Head Start Act, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act, and the McKinney Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
plan shall include evidence that the State’s college and career ready content standards, assessments, and achievement standards under this subsection are— 
that proficiency in the content standards will signify that a student is ontrack to graduate prepared for— 
the State’s public institutions of higher education, placement in creditbearing, nonremedial courses at the 2and 4year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
demonstrate that, not later than the 2015– 2016 school year the State educational agency will adopt and implement highquality, college and career ready content standards that comply with this paragraph. 
agency shall have such highquality, academic content standards for students in kindergarten through grade 12 for, at a minimum, English language arts, math, and science. 
higher education, the business community, and the early learning community; 
benchmarked, and evidencebased, requiring students to demonstrate the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively; 
affirmation from the State’s public institutions of higher education, to ensure that proficiency in the content standards will signify that a student is ontrack to graduate prepared for— 
‘‘(aa) placement in creditbearing, nonremedial courses at the 2and 4year public institutions of higher education in the State; and 
through grade 3, reflect progression in how children develop and learn the requisite skills and content from earlier grades (including preschool) to later grades; and 
STANDARDS .—Each State educational agency shall develop and implement statewide, high 
required for success on the State educational agency’s academic content assessments; 
‘‘(iv) ensure proficiency in each of the domains of speaking, listening, reading, and writing in the appropriate amount of time; and 
State educational agency shall, in collaboration with the State agencies responsible for overseeing early care and education programs and the State early care and education advisory council, develop and implement early learning standards across all major domains of development for preschoolers that— 
‘‘(ii) are implemented through dissemination, training, and other means to applicable early care and education programs; 
‘‘(iv) inform teaching practices and professional development and services; and 
demonstrate that the State educational agency will adopt and implement highquality assessments in English language arts, math, and science not later than the 2016– 2017 school year that comply with this paragraph. 
adequate technical quality for each purpose required under this Act, and be consistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards; 
‘‘(iii) be developed as part of a system of 
assessments providing data (including individual student achievement data and individual student growth data), that shall be used to improve teaching, learning, and program outcomes; 
‘‘(II) student academic growth; ‘‘(vi) allow for complex demonstrations or 
applications of knowledge and skills including the ability to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively; 
‘‘(vii) be accessible for all students, including students with disabilities and English learners, by— 
‘‘(viii) provide for accommodations, including for computerbased and online assessments, for students with disabilities and English learners to provide a valid and reliable measure of such students’ achievement; 
‘‘(ix) produce individual student interpretive, descriptive, and diagnostic reports that allow parents, teachers, and school leaders to understand and address the specific academic needs of students, and include information regarding achievement on academic assessments, and that are provided to parents, teachers, and school leaders, as soon as is practicable after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format, and to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; and 
of portfolios, projects, or extended performance tasks as long as such assessments meet the requirements of this subsection. 
the course of the school year that result in a single summative score that provides valid, reliable, and transparent information on student achievement for each tested content area in each grade level; 
earlier than 11th grade for students in grades 9 through grade 12; and 
once during grades 3 through 5, grades 6 through 8, and grades 9 through 12. 
Each State educational agency with at least 10,000 English learners, at least 25 percent of which speak the same language that is not English, shall adopt and implement native language assessments for that language consistent with State law. Such assessments shall be for students— 
yield more accurate and reliable information about such student’s content knowledge; 
‘‘(ii) who are literate in the native language and have received formal education in such language; or 
dual language program and the native language assessment is consistent with such program’s language of instruction. 
with the State’s English language proficiency standards and academic content standards; 
‘‘(ii) are accessible, valid, and reliable; ‘‘(iii) measure proficiency in reading, listening, speaking, and writing in English both individually and collectively; 
‘‘(iv) assess progress and growth on language and content acquisition; and 
to retest a student in the individual domain areas that the student did not pass, unless the student is newly entering a school in the State, or is in the third, fifth, or eighth grades. 
FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the assessments to be used by each school operated or funded by the Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Indian Education receiving funds under this part, the following shall apply: 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate assessment as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
a regional accrediting organization shall adopt an appropriate assessment, in consultation with and with the approval of, the Secretary of the Interior and consistent with assessments adopted by other schools in the same State or region, that meets the requirements of this section. 
by a tribal accrediting agency or tribal division of education shall use an assessment developed by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the Interior shall ensure that such assessment meets the requirements of this section. 
English learners and students with disabilities on the assessments used by the State which may include accommodations such as texttospeech technology or read aloud, 
braille, large print, calculator, speechto text technology or scribe, extended time, and frequent breaks; 
of such accommodations in maintaining valid results for the appropriate population; and 
‘‘(iii) include evidence that such accommodations do not change the construct intended to be measured by the assessment or the meaning of the resulting scores. 
demonstrate that the State will adopt and implement college and career ready achievement standards in English language arts, math, and science by the 2015–2016 school 
alternate achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, such academic achievement standards shall establish, at a minimum, 3 levels of student achievement that describe how well a student is demonstrating proficiency in the State’s academic content standards that— 
‘‘(ii) reflect concepts and skills that students should know and understand for each grade; 
State plan shall demonstrate that the State will adopt and implement student growth standards for students in the assessed grades that comply with this subparagraph, as follows: 
For a student who is achieving at the ontarget or advanced level of achievement, the student growth standard is not less than the rate of academic growth necessary for the student to remain at that level of student achievement for not less than 3 years. ‘‘(ii) CATCH UP LEVEL .—For a student who 
is achieving at the catchup level of achievement, the student growth standard is not less than the rate of academic growth necessary for the student to achieve an ontarget level of achievement within 3 or 4 years, as determined by the State. 
public school, including each charter school, in the State, including— 
‘‘(III) course failure rates; and ‘‘(IV) postsecondary and workforce entry 
‘‘(IV) rates of effective teachers and principals, as determined by the State or local educational agency; 
‘‘(vi) school climate and conditions for student success, such as— 
‘‘(II) measures of school safety; and ‘‘(III) the condition of school facilities; including accounting for wellequipped instructional spaces; and 
‘‘(iii) to a lesser extent, data on the State 
‘‘(II) as of the date of enactment of the 
educational agency shall set a graduation rate goal of not less than 90 percent. 
State educational agency shall establish graduation rate targets which shall not be less rigorous than the targets approved under section 200.19 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). 
TARGETS .—In the case of a State that chooses to use an extended year graduation rate in the accountability and school improvement system described under this subsection, the State shall set extended year graduation rate targets that are more rigorous than the targets set under clause (ii) and, if applicable, are not less rigorous than the targets approved under section 200.19 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). 
educational agency shall establish fair and appropriate policies and practices, as a component of the accountability system established under this subsection, to measure school, local educational agency, and State performance under the accountability system that, at a minimum, comply with this paragraph as follows: 
‘‘(ii) Economically disadvantaged students. ‘‘(iii) Students from major racial and ethnic groups. 
‘‘(ii) does not exceed 15 students; ‘‘(iii) yields statistically reliable information; and 
‘‘(iv) does not reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
achievement or as not graduating such students who exceed the cap; 
the actual academic achievement levels and graduation status of their children with the most significant cognitive disabilities. 
shall establish a cap for the purposes of this subparagraph which— 
by disability category, scoring at each achievement level on such alternate assessments; and 
‘‘(II) may not exceed 1 percent of all students in the combined grades assessed. 
take such steps as necessary to provide for the orderly transition to the new accountability and school improvement systems required under this subsection from prior accountability and school improvement systems in existence on the day before the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
transition described in this paragraph, each State educational agency receiving funds under this part shall— 
school improvement requirements of sections 1111 and 1116, except— 
improvement requirements of section 1116 in persistently low achieving schools and schools in need of improvement that were identified as such in the year prior to implementation of new highquality assessments; and 
providing training and professional development on the implementation of new college and career ready standards and highquality assessments. 
described in this paragraph shall be completed by no later than 2 years from the date of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
carry out the responsibilities of the State under section 1116; 
that are not receiving such funds under this title, consistent with the requirements in section 1120A, including— 
for individualized education program teams to apply in determining when a student’s significant cognitive disability justifies alternate assessment based on alternate achievement standards, which shall include guidelines to ensure— 
cognitive disabilities have access to the general education curriculum for the grade in which the student is enrolled; 
‘‘(II) participation in an alternate assessment does not influence a student’s placement in the least restrictive environment; 
for each subject and are redetermined each year during the annual individualized education program team meeting; 
‘‘(IV) the student’s mode of communication has been identified and accommodated to the extent possible; and 
such assessments precludes the student from completing the requirements for a regular secondary school diploma; and 
learner that shall be used by all local educational agencies in the State; 
for students enrolled in limited English proficient classes, which shall— 
‘‘(iii) timelines and targets for moving students from the lowest levels of English language proficiency to the Statedefined English proficient level, including an assurance that— 
initial language proficiency level when first identified as limited English proficient and 
achieve English proficiency by 18 years of age, unless the State has obtained prior approval by the Secretary; 
assist local educational agencies in improving instruction in all core academic subjects; 
develop and improve the capacity of local educational agencies to use technology to improve instruction; and 
with a charter school law will support high quality public charter schools that receive funds under this title by— 
certification of public chartering agencies using nationallyrecognized professional standards; or 
of independently audited financial statements including disclosure of amount and duration of any nonpublic financial and in kind contributions of support, by each public chartering agency, for each school authorized by such agency, and by each local educational agency and the State; 
school employee compensation and conflict of interest guidelines for all schools authorized, which shall include disclosure of executive pay and affiliated parties with financial interest in the management operations, or contractual obligations of the school; 
‘‘(III) a legally binding charter or performance contract between each charter school and the school’s authorized public chartering agency that— 
‘‘(aa) describes the rights, duties, and remedies of the school and the public chartering agency; and 
‘‘(iii) developing and implementing, in consultation and coordination with local educational agencies, a system of intervention, revocation, or closure for charter schools and public chartering agencies failing to 
once every 3 years, of each public chartering agency; and 
any charter school identified for school improvement under section 1116. 
the public of the content and student academic achievement standards and academic assessments developed under this section, and of the authority to operate schoolwide programs; and 
responsibilities regarding local educational agency and school improvement under section 1116; 
modified or eliminated State fiscal and accounting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources for schoolwide programs under section 1114; 
State, to obtain waivers under the Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999; 
work with other agencies, including educational service agencies or other local consortia and comprehensive centers established under the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and institutions to provide professional development and technical assistance to local educational agencies and schools; 
‘‘(ii) meet the purpose of this title; and ‘‘(iii) meet the unique cultural, language, 
plan shall include a plan for strengthening family engagement in education. Each such 
process for assessing local educational agency implementation of section 1118 responsibilities; 
identifying local educational agencies that would benefit from training and support related to family engagement in education; 
system of capacitybuilding and technical assistance for local educational agencies and schools on effectively implementing family engagement in education practices and policies to increase student achievement; 
to Statewide Family Engagement Centers, as described in section 5702, those local educational agencies that would benefit from training and support related to family engagement in education; and 
process who are representative of parents, teachers, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and experts and who are familiar with educational standards, assessments, accountability, the needs of low performing schools, and other educational needs of students; 
of its submission unless the Secretary determines that the plan does not meet the requirements of this section; 
State plan does not meet the requirements of this section immediately notify the State of such determination and the reasons for such determination; 
order to assist the State to meet the requirements of this section; and 
State plan for not meeting the requirements of this part, but shall not have the authority to require a State, as a condition of approval of the State plan, to include in, or delete from, such plan one or more specific elements of the State’s academic content standards or to use specific academic assessment instruments or items. 
be revised by the State educational agency if the revision is necessary to satisfy the requirements of this section. 
this subsection shall be made available to the public through the website of the Department, including— 
the State’s participation under this part or 4 years, whichever is shorter; and 
as necessary by the State educational agency to reflect changes in the State’s strategies and programs under this part, including information on the progress the State has made in fulfilling the requirements of this section. 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withhold funds for State administration under this part until the Secretary determines that the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual State report card. Such dissemination shall include, at a minimum, publicly posting the report card on the home page of the State educational agency’s website. 
uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand. 
disaggregated and crosstabulated by the same major groups as the decennial census of the population, ethnicity, gender, disability status, migrant status, English proficiency, and status as economically disadvantaged, except that such disaggregation and cross tabulation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student on— 
the extendedyear graduation rate (where applicable), and the graduation rate by type of diploma, including the most recent 2year trend; 
‘‘(VI) the most recent 2year trend in student achievement and student growth in each subject area and for each grade level, for which assessments under this section are required; 
‘‘(iii) if a State adopts alternate achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, the number and percentage of students taking the alternate assessments and information on student achievement at each achievement level and student growth, by grade and subject; 
English learners, and the performance of such students, on the State’s English language proficiency assessments, including the students’ attainment of, and progress toward, higher levels of English language proficiency; 
teachers in the State, the percentage of such teachers teaching with emergency or provisional credentials, and the percentage of classes in the State not taught by qualified teachers, in the aggregate and disaggregated by highpoverty compared to lowpoverty schools which, for the purpose of this clause, means schools in the top quartile of poverty and the bottom quartile of poverty in the State; 
as determined by the State, in the aggregate and disaggregated by highpoverty compared to lowpoverty schools which, for the purpose of this clause, means schools in the top quartile of poverty and the bottom quartile of poverty in the State; 
the State’s accountability system, including a description of the criteria by which the State educational agency evaluates school 
agency that receives assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card. 
identified for school improvement under section 1116 and how long the schools have been so identified; and 
served by the local educational agency achieved on the statewide academic assessment compared to students in the State as a whole; 
State, and local sources, including personnel and nonpersonnel resources, for each school in the local educational agency, consistent with the requirements under section 1120A; 
‘‘(IV) the number and percentage of secondary school students who have been removed from the 4year adjusted cohort by leaver code, and the number and percentage of students from each adjusted cohort that have been enrolled in high school for more than 4 years but have not graduated with a regular diploma; and 
school’s students achievement on the statewide academic assessments and other improvement indicators compared to students in the local educational agency and the State as a whole. 
school shall only include in its annual local educational agency report card data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable information, as determined by the State, and that do not reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
educational agency or local educational agency that was providing public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State prior to the date of enactment of the Student Success Act may use those report cards for the purpose of this subsection, so long as any such report card is modified, as may be needed, to contain the information required by this subsection. 
beginning of each school year, a school that receives funds under this subpart shall provide to each individual parent— 
has been assigned, or has been taught for four or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who is not qualified or has been found to be ineffective, as determined by the State or local educational agency. 
each school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part, information regarding the professional qualifications of the student’s classroom teachers, including, at a minimum, the following: 
qualification and licensing criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruction. 
emergency or other provisional status through which State qualification or licensing criteria have been waived. 
‘‘(iii) Whether the teacher is currently enrolled in an alternative certification program. 
by paraprofessionals or specialized instructional support personnel and, if so, their qualifications. 
provided to parents under this paragraph shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand. 
this section shall be collected and disseminated in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals. 
may enter into a voluntary partnership with another State to develop and implement the academic assessments and standards required under this section. 
cohort in any of grades 9 through 12; minus 
out’ when used with respect to a secondary school student, means a student who the secondary school or local educational agency has confirmed has transferred to another— 
student is expected to receive a regular secondary school diploma. 
who was enrolled, but for whom there is no confirmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the cohort as a nongraduate for reporting and accountability purposes under this section. 
student enrolled in a GED or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit toward the issuance of 
a regular secondary school diploma shall not be considered transferred out. 
in a grade, enrolled in a GED program, aged out of a secondary school or secondary school program, or left secondary school for any other reason, including expulsion, shall not be considered transferred out, and shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
schools that start after grade 9, the entering cohort shall be calculated 1 month after the start of the secondary school’s academic year in the earliest secondary school grade at the secondary school. 
graduation rate’ means the percent obtained by calculating the product of— 
‘‘(II) graduate in 4 years or less with a regular secondary school diploma; divided by 
the adjusted cohort for that year’s graduating class 4 years earlier; multiplied by 
The term ‘extendedyear graduation rate’ for a school year is defined as the percent obtained by calculating the product of the result of— 
eligibility for a free appropriate public education (as defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act) under State law; divided by 
means a number or series of numbers and letters assigned to a categorical reason for why a student left the high school from which she or he is enrolled without having earned a regular high school diploma, except that— 
duplicative code or whom has not been assigned a leaver code shall not be removed from the cohort assigned for the purpose of calculating the adjusted cohort graduation rate; and 
duplicative leaver code or who have not been assigned a leaver code shall be included in reporting requirements for the leaver code. 
term ‘multitier system of supports’ means a comprehensive system of differentiated supports that includes evidencebased instruction, universal screening, progress monitoring, formative assessment, and research based interventions matched to student needs, and educational decisionmaking using student outcome data. 
diploma’ means standard secondary school diploma awarded to the preponderance of students in the State that is fully aligned with the State’s college and career ready 
the regular secondary school diploma, such different paths shall— 
college or a career without the need for remediation.’’. 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT; SCHOOL SUPPORT AND RECOGNITION. 
‘‘(iii) shall use, to a lesser extent than each 
‘‘(iii) shall use graduation rate data, including prior year data; and 
‘‘(iv) shall use, to a lesser extent than each 
this part determined to be a school in need of 
school improvement team for a school in need of support may include an external partner and representatives of the local educational agency and the State educational agency. 
improvement team for a highpriority school shall include an external partner and representatives of the local educational agency and the State educational agency. 
‘‘(ii) the type of support required; ‘‘(iii) how the school plans to use comprehensive, evidencebased strategies to address such needs; 
and make adjustments and corrections to ensure continuous improvement. 
effectively implement the budgeting, staffing, curriculum, and instruction changes described in the plan; and 
‘‘(II) how the school improvement team engaged parents and community organizations. 
‘‘(iii) EVIDENCE BASED , SCHOOL IMPROVE MENT STRATEGIES .—Evidencebased, school 
improvement strategies to address the factors and challenges described in clause (ii), to improve instruction, including in all core academic subjects, to improve the achievement of all students and address the needs of students identified at the catchup level of achievement. 
‘‘(iv) NEEDS AND CAPACITY ANALYSIS .—A description and analysis of the school’s ability and the resources necessary to implement 
the evidencebased, school improvement strategies identified under clause (iii), including an analysis of— 
experience, training level, effectiveness as determined by the State or local educational agency, responsibilities, and stability of existing administrative, instructional, and noninstructional staff; 
‘‘(II) budget resources, including how Federal, State, and local funds are being spent for instruction and operations to determine how existing resources can be aligned and used to support improvement; 
‘‘(III) the school curriculum; ‘‘(IV) the use of time, such as the school’s 
necessary to effectively implement the school improvement activities identified in the school improvement plan. 
continuous evaluation of the evidencebased, school improvement strategies, including implementation of and fidelity to the school improvement plan, that includes at least quarterly reviews of the effectiveness of such activities. 
student attendance and school discipline, through the use of schoolwide positive behavioral supports and interventions and other evidence based approaches to improving school climate; 
implementing the school improvement plan are engaged in the plan and the school turnaround effort; 
‘‘(ii) organize the school to improve teaching and learning, including through— 
for teachers and interdisciplinary teams who share common groups of students; 
or day, such as through block scheduling, summer learning programs, or increasing the number of hours or days, in order to create additional learning time; or 
address specific student academic needs and interests such as credit recovery, electives, enrichment activities, or service learning; and 
‘‘(II) alignment of resources to improvement goals, such as through ensuring that students in transition grades are taught by teachers prepared to meet their specific learning needs; 
‘‘(iii) increase teacher and school leader effectiveness, as determined by the State or local educational agency, including 
skills, capacity, and record of success to significantly improve student achievement and lead a school turnaround, which may include replacing the principal; 
school, with the leadership team, through a process that ensures a rigorous and fair review of their applications; 
‘‘(III) improving the recruitment and retention of qualified and effective teachers and principals, as determined by the State or local educational agency, to work in the school; 
that respond to student and schoolwide needs aligned with the school improvement plan, such as— 
‘‘(bb) establishing peer learning and coaching among teachers; or 
through professional communities across subject area and interdisciplinary groups and similar schools; 
‘‘(VI) the development of effective leadership structures, supports, and clear decision making processes, such as through developing distributive leadership and leadership teams; 
curriculum and learning for all students, including instruction in all core academic subjects, and may include the use of online coursework as long as such coursework meets standards of quality and best practices for online education; 
‘‘(II) increasing access to rigorous and advanced coursework, including adoption and implementation of a college and career ready curriculum, and evidencebased, engaging instructional materials aligned with such a curriculum, for all students; 
learning opportunities aligned with readiness for postsecondary education and the workforce, such as providing— 
curriculum in the context of a rigorous career and technical education core; 
‘‘(cc) identifying effective instructional approaches to meet student needs; and 
social support to address individual student learning needs, including through— 
school experience through learning structures that facilitate the development of student and staff relationships; 
‘‘(IV) offering extendedlearning, credit recovery, mentoring, or tutoring options of sufficient scale to meet student needs; 
learning for students with academic skill levels below grade level; 
integrated services, such as providing specialized instructional support personnel; 
‘‘(VII) providing transitional support between gradespans, including postsecondary planning. 
partners, including communitybased organizations, organizations representing underserved populations, Indian tribes (as appropriate), organizations assisting parent involvement, institutions of higher education, and businesses, in school improvement activities through evidencebased strategies. 
school improvement team shall submit the school improvement plan to the local educational agency or the State educational agency, as determined by the State educational agency based on the local educational agency’s ability to effectively monitor and support the school improvement activities. Upon receiving the plan, the local educational agency or the State educational agency, as appropriate, shall— 
the school improvement team as necessary, and approve the plan if the plan meets the requirements of this paragraph. 
support and assistance of the local educational agency shall implement the school improvement plan expeditiously, but not later than the beginning of the next full school year after identification for improvement. 
evaluate school performance and other data, and provide intensive assistance to that school in order to improve the effectiveness of the interventions; and 
local educational agency, as determined by the State, shall determine whether the school shall partner with an external partner— 
‘‘(aa) opening a new school; ‘‘(bb) graduating out current students and 
the school in other schools in the local educational agency that are higher achieving, provided the other schools are within reasonable proximity to the closed school and ensures receiving schools have the capacity to enroll incoming students; and 
quality educational options and transition and support services to students who attended that school and their parents. 
served by this part, in supporting the schools identified as a school in need of support or a highpriority school served by the agency, shall— 
budget calendar is aligned with school staff and budgeting needs; 
‘‘(iii) building the data and assessment literacy of teachers and principals; and 
kindergarten readiness of children and addressing the educational and development needs determined by such evaluation; 
interventions to middle schools that feed into high schools identified for school improvement under this section; 
that ensure there is a sufficient pool of qualified and effective teachers and school leaders, as determined by the State or local educational agency, to work in schools served by the local educational agency; 
under this section, including evaluation for school improvement and technical assistance for schools; and 
activities for teachers, school leaders, and specialized instructional support personnel aligned to school improvement activities; 
the State’s early learning standards and postsecondary education programs; 
and dropout recovery and recuperative education programs for disconnected youth and students who are not making sufficient progress to graduate high school in the standard number of years or who have dropped out of high school; 
‘‘(ii) providing students with postsecondary learning opportunities, such as through access to a relevant curriculum or course of study that enables a student to earn a secondary school diploma and— 
‘‘(iii) integrating rigorous academic education with career training, including training that leads to postsecondary credentials for students; 
‘‘(iv) increasing access to Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate courses and examinations; or 
high quality distance learning strategies to improve student academic achievement; and 
‘‘(ii) identifying specific indicators of student progress and performance, such as attendance, academic performance in core courses, and credit accumulation, to guide decision making; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing a mechanism for regularly collecting and analyzing data about the impact of interventions on the indicators of student progress and performance; and 
‘‘(iv) analyzing academic indicators to determine whether students are on track to graduate secondary school in the standard numbers of years; and 
improvement, ensure the provision of technical assistance as the school develops and implements the school improvement plan throughout the plan’s duration; and 
served by this part, in supporting schools identified as a school in need of support or a highpriority school and the local educational agencies serving such schools, shall— 
sources, such as school improvement funds, technology funds, and professional development funds to support school improvement activities; 
including regional support services, to improve teaching, learning, and student outcomes; 
to potential external partners that are based on a demonstrated record of effectiveness in 
this section, including providing monitoring and technical assistance to local educational agencies and schools. 
remedies, and procedures afforded school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers; 
individual if the individual is legally eligible, as defined by State or local law. 
House Resolution 347, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Left Behind’s metrics are outdated and rigid. On that we agree. But H.R. 5 in its current form abandons provisions that are crucial to ensuring equal educational opportunities for all of our Nation’s students. 
comprehensive and effective vision of accountability at the school district and State levels. 
set college and careerready standards rather than to allow them to dumb down their standards in order to inflate their results. 
It also requires States to set performance growth and graduation rate targets that ensure that schools improve every year for all subgroups, including for students with disabilities. One of the major deficiencies in H.R. 
5 and one of the reasons that all of the advocacy groups for students with learning disabilities oppose the bill is it effectively removes the accountability we have for students with disabilities to ensure that they continue to learn. 
the students with the most severe disabilities who are not tested. H.R. 5 would eliminate the 1 percent cap on alternative assessments based on alternative achievement standards and would remove it altogether, allowing, ultimately, schools and States to decide not to have any accountability for those students who need programs that meet their learning needs the most. 
The Democratic substitute amendment upholds our Nation’s civil rights and equity responsibilities to ensure that all students receive a highquality education. 
It reinstates the 1 percent cap on alternative assessments for students with disabilities. It makes sure that accountability is a meaningful word and takes meaningful steps toward getting accountability right, rather than allowing discrimination and bad choices to continue to result in an increasing achievement gap across our country. 
the Democratic substitute and would make sure that we have an accountability system that prepares our students for the jobs and the workforce of the 21st century and to move on to higher education. 
Democratic substitute in the final passage of the bill, the bill in its current form would be a step backward, a step to lower standards, a step to reduce accountability, and a step to allow deficiencies to be swept under the rug, as they once were. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). 
grade, and I strongly support higher standards for them and their generation, but we need to set up our children to succeed, not fail. We need to stop federally mandated overtesting in our schools. 
leap backwards for education reform. Rather than reforming the failed policies of No Child Left Behind, this amendment embraces the most problematic portions, continuing to obsess over federally mandated performance standards and using that to measure teacher performance. 
proposal is so flawed that the sponsor needs to leverage Federal money to lure cashstrapped States to buy in because the proposal doesn’t stand on its own merits. 
and local control. This amendment would do the exact opposite, which is why I strongly oppose its passage and encourage all my colleagues to do the same. 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member on 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, the present law only requires that States identify achievement gaps and prescribes exactly what has to be done to address the achievement gaps. 
prescription has often failed to effectively address the achievement gaps. The underlying bill goes overboard by eliminating any requirement that something gets done. The gentleman’s amendment reinstates the requirement that something be done, but directs the States to develop their own locally tailored response to achievement gaps. This approach is much more likely to be effective and will be part of the Democratic substitute that will be voted on shortly. 
bill, I would like to thank many members of our staff that have worked on this bill since January. They have spent days and nights and weekends working on the bill, and I would like to acknowledge them and their work today. 
Christian Haines, Ashlyn Holeyfield, Arika Trim, Tina Hone, Tylease Alli, Kiara Pesante, and Brian Kennedy all worked very hard on this bill and deserve significant recognition. 
opposition to this amendment. As a mayor and mainly as a mother—I have three children in public schools—I have found that the best solutions are found at the most local level. 
This amendment puts a larger footprint in the hands of the Federal Government and gives more power to the Federal Government, instead of our local agencies. I believe that the best people to teach our students are the people at the local level. I trust teachers and parents to make decisions for students. 
I made a promise that I was going to 
do everything I can to put the decisionmaking back into the hands of people, not into the hands of the Federal Government. I believe that this amendment actually puts it into the hands of the Federal Government and gives us a big step backwards. 
are given more options, we can make better decisions; and when we make better decisions, we can do that at a 
local level and not at a Federal level. I ask that we vote against this amendment. I stand in opposition of this amendment. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, the gentlewoman from Utah talked about decisions and implementation at the local level. On that, we agree. What this amendment is about is accountability metrics under whether we look at those decisions that are made locally and driven locally and by the State work or don’t work. 
get things right and close the achievement gap but not the flexibility to continue to ignore persistent gaps in our education system that continue to poorly serve too many lowincome students and minority students. 
Given that my amendment is included in its entirety in the Democratic substitute upon which we will be voting, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 29 and part A of House Report 114–192 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
B of House Report 114–29 by Mr. S COTT 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 373, noes 57, not voting 3, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill 
Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Blumenauer Brady (PA) Capps Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Cummings DeSaulnier Dingell Edwards Ellison Farr Fattah Foster Gallego Grijalva 
Himes Hinojosa Honda Johnson (GA) Kildee Kuster Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pingree Pocan 
Price (NC) Rangel Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schrader Sherman Sinema Sires Takai Takano Torres Van Hollen Walz Wasserman 
CUMMINGS, NEAL, TAKAI, and COHEN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
KEATING, HIGGINS, LABRADOR, AGUILAR, SWALWELL of California, Mlles. ESHOO, BASS, Messrs. CICILLINE, LANGEVIN, LEVIN, LEWIS, BERA, Mlles. MAXINE WATERS of California, VELA ´ZQUEZ, 
Mr. SERRANO, Mrs. BEATTY, Messrs. CROWLEY, NORCROSS, VARGAS, SCHAKOWSKY, CUELLAR, MCGOVERN, BECERRA, TONKO, 
Mlles. SLAUGHTER, DUCKWORTH, and Mr. CONNOLLY changed their vote 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . HURD  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 424, noes 2, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chair, 
on rollcall No. 411, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
rollcall vote No. 411 on H.R. 5, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 199, noes 228, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) RosLehtinen Ross RoybalAllard 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 192, noes 237, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . CARSON OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 245, not voting 2, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 191, noes 239, not voting 3, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 218, noes 213, not voting 2, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney (FL) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zinke 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 205, noes 224, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 241, not voting 3, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 195, noes 235, not voting 3, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Stated for: Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
419, I mistakenly voted ‘‘no’’ on the Walker Amendment. I should have and would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
419, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . SALMON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SALMON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 251, noes 178, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires 
Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
420, I mistakenly voted ‘‘no’’ on the Salmon Amendment. I meant to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 187, noes 244, not voting 2, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. Y ODER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 125, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
Ms. ESTY. I am in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
5 to the Committee on Education and the Workforce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
plan shall demonstrate that the development and adoption of the academic content standards and academic achievement standards under this paragraph does not— 
children with disabilities than the standards adopted for students without disabilities; 
‘‘(ii) deny students with disabilities, including students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, access to a regular secondary school diploma; 
‘‘(iii) deny any parent the right to give informed consent before determining whether to apply alternate achievement standards to the assessment of his or her child or any relevant information needed to make such determination; 
‘‘(iv) otherwise lower expectations or academic achievement for students with disabilities, including students with the most significant cognitive disabilities; or 
is to ensure a safe learning environment and to protect each elementary and secondary school student from physical or mental abuse, aversive behavioral interventions that compromise student health and safety, or any physical restraint or seclusion when there is no imminent threat of physical injury or in a manner otherwise inconsistent with the purposes of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (21 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall promulgate regulations providing, at minimum, that school personnel shall be prohibited from imposing on any elementary or secondary school student the following: 
compromise health and safety such as excessive pain, use of heat or cold, spraying bleach infused water in faces, and depriving students of food and bathroom access for hours on end. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Connecticut? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a 
final amendment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
guts education funding; fails to provide adequate support for our hardworking teachers; and turns our back on our schools, our communities, and our children. 
No Child Left Behind, which has long needed to be fixed, but instead, we are moving in the wrong direction. As a room parent, as a PTA mom, I strongly believe that every child deserves the opportunity for a quality education, and every child deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. 
provides us the opportunity to live up to those goals. My amendment would guarantee continued funding for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, known as IDEA. 
Just today, I met with school superintendents from Connecticut who emphasize the critical role of Federal funding for IDEA, which provides important support for students with autism and cognitive disabilities, and my amendment would protect children 
Last year, I met with a group of students from the FOCUS Center for Autism in Canton, Connecticut, in my district. They were incredible students, who bravely advocated for themselves and bluntly talked about the challenges they face in the classroom. 
Control, 1 in 68 American children is now on the autism spectrum, a tenfold increase in the last 40 years. In Connecticut, too many students, particularly students who are on the autism spectrum, face unnecessary and dangerous seclusion and restraint. 
Department of Education and the Office of the Child Advocate, there were 35,000 incidents of children being restrained or placed in seclusion last school year. Over 80 percent of these children were boys; the majority of them children of color, many of them were in elementary school—even as young as preschool—and many of them were on the autism spectrum. 
Child Advocate in Connecticut released a report showing that, in the last 3 years, more than 1,300 Connecticut schoolchildren were injured during such restraint or seclusion. Nationwide, the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office found hundreds of cases of alleged child abuse, including at least 20, that is 20 deaths of children related to the use of these harmful methods during the last two decades. 
yearold dying after being held face down for hours by school staff, 5year olds with broken arms and bloody noses after being tied to chairs with bungee cords and duct tape by their teacher, and a 13yearold who hung himself in the seclusion room after prolonged confinement. 
While Congress surely should not micromanage discipline in local schools, we should—we should—step up to set standards to ensure that all our children are safe, and we should fully fund IDEA to ensure support for all 
do an outstanding job in what can often be a challenging classroom environment. Having children with disabilities in the classroom can be a rewarding experience for the child and for their classmates. 
will learn and excel with the right support. It is just not acceptable to say that we don’t have enough time or enough money to provide that support. 
special education and services for all children with disabilities, and restrict the dangerous practices of seclusion and restraint. We can do better; we must do better for our children. 
to vote for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
this is a procedural attempt, a usual procedural attempt, at the eleventh hour to derail this legislation. It is unfortunate because the American people have waited long enough for Congress to fix the problems plaguing our elementary and secondary education system. 
months since we have debated the underlying bill and the challenge we face, I want to remind my colleagues of what is at stake here. 
No Child Left Behind expired—7 years. That means, for 7 years, this Congress has failed to meet its basic responsibility to replace the law. Each year we fail to act is another year States are tied to flawed policies and students are trapped in failing schools. No Child Left Behind continues as the law. 
for many Americans. It is a topic discussed around kitchen tables, whether it is a child’s report card, a change taking place in a local school district, or perhaps even policy changes being debated by Federal officials. 
progress in advancing the Student Success Act, and we witnessed just how frustrated the American people are with the Federal role in K–12 education and how that frustration has grown worse under this administration. 
replace the law, the Obama administration has spent years imposing its agenda on schools through pet projects and conditional waivers. 
raging over Common Core and you will quickly learn about the backlash against the Federal Government that has taken place under this administration. 
Because of this administration’s unprecedented overreach, public anxiety and opposition to Federal intrusion is greater than it has ever been. The simple fact that Congress was considering changes to the law led countless individuals to speak out and raise concerns. 
Unfortunately, some of those concerns were based on misinformation, but they ultimately stem from a strong skepticism about the Federal role in education, a skepticism that I and many others share. 
Congress to replace No Child Left Behind, but they are not just concerned with getting rid of a bad law, they also deeply care about what replaces it. The public response we witnessed earlier this year made that clear. We are here today because we are listening to the American people. 
proposal to replace No Child Left Behind. It would eliminate dozens of ineffective and duplicative programs, repeal Federal mandates dictating State spending, teacher quality, accountability, and school improvement, and provide parents vital support to hold schools accountable and rescue children from underperforming schools. 
we have adopted bipartisan improvements to the bill, thanks to the work of both Republican and Democrat Members. Now it is time to move forward. 
replace a flawed law with bold solutions that will help provide every child in every school an excellent education. That responsibility grows more urgent each day. 
the motion to recommit and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Student Success Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on the passage of the bill, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 185, noes 244, not voting 4, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Stated for: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
422, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 218, noes 213, not voting 3, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Graham Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
423, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2822. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN  
(Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ) had 
been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 132, line 24. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I discuss my amendment, which is to prevent wage theft from violators who commit acts that are repeated and willful and to stop such actors from partaking of Federal procurement in this bill, I would like to set the table just a little bit. 
pay ratio for Fortune 500 companies was 20 to 1. Today it is 204 to 1, according to Bloomberg. At the same time, the buying power of the minimum wage is now less than it was in the 1960s. 
that, in total, the average lowwage worker loses a stunning $2,634 per year in unpaid wages, representing about 15 percent of their earned income. It is particularly egregious in the fastfood sector. A recent study by Hart Research of fastfood workers found that about 89 percent reported some form of wage theft. 
point out, Mr. Chair, that the recent report by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the U.S. Senate revealed that 32 percent of the largest Department of Labor penalties for wage theft were levied against Federal contractors. 
body today, Mr. Chairman, it is simply to recognize that the hard work and 
the work that workers do who work for Federal contractors must be recognized. We are not debating today over increasing or decreasing the minimum wage. We are just saying the people who work hard ought to get the money that they earned. 
body would be willing to say wage theft is not okay. No hardworking American should ever have to worry that her employer will refuse to pay her when she works overtime or take money out of her paycheck, especially if she works for a Federal contractor. 
This practice, as I mentioned already, is called wage theft. Right now, Federal contractors who violate the Fair Labor Standards Act are still allowed to apply for Federal contracts. 
funds may not be used to enter into a contract with a government contractor that willfully or repeatedly violates the Fair Labor Standards Act—willfully or repeatedly. 
point out that it is not easy to get a violation. You have got to work at it. 
FAPISS database, to begin with, in which contractors have to report all their violations. Just because a wage and hour complaint comes to your door, it doesn’t necessarily mean you get a violation. In order to get a violation in the database, you have to have a criminal conviction, a civil proceeding with a finding of fault, or an administrative proceeding with a finding of fault or a penalty of $5,000 or more or damages of $100,000 or more. You have got to really work at it. In other words, if you are found to owe back wages and you agree to pay them, there is not going to be a case for you to have to report. 
in violation of the law do not get taxpayer support. And we should reward good actors. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
doesn’t recognize the suspension and debarment process that is already in place for Federal contractors. It does not provide exceptions for critical, urgent, or compelling needs or allow for the consideration of mitigating factors. 
would impose strict legal triggers and take away the ability for Federal agencies to investigate and determine appropriate remedies. I am also concerned that it would deny the due process that the current suspension and debarment system provides. And finally, this is an issue that should be thoroughly vetted through the authorization process, not through the appropriation process. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
support of the amendment from the gentleman from Minnesota. 
pay for the hours they work; however, there are employers that refuse to pay for overtime, make their employees work off the clock, or refuse to pay minimum wage. At the very least, we 
should take steps to ensure that these employers don’t receive new Federal contracts. 
lawbreaking contractors don’t get rewarded for stealing from their employees. 
oppose this amendment. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
nothing to do with debarment. Debarment is a quasijudicial process in which evidence is gathered and findings are made. This is saying that, after somebody has been found to engage in repeated and willful violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act, such persons are not the kind of people we want to reward through our procurement system. This is totally different from debarment. 
our values as a body and reflects our value of the dignity of work and that a dollar earned is a dollar that must be paid. And we should never be the kind of body that says: ‘‘Commit willful violations all you want; take workers’ money away; you can still get another contract if you please.’’ That is not the kind of body that we are, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act to pay retention bonuses to Senior Executive Service personnel at the Environmental Protection Agency, not more than $50,000 shall be made available to be used by the Department of the Interior to conduct a study on whether Agricola Americus 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
appropriates up to $50,000 from the retention bonuses of Senior Executive Service personnel at the EPA to conduct a study of whether Agricola Americus, the American farmer, should be classified as an endangered species. 
This money should be used to determine whether there is crucial habitat that is essential for the conservation of the species and acting in accordance with 16 U.S.C. chapter 35 if such a finding is made. 
stranger to using its regulatory powers to interfere in important national issues, so it came as a surprise when I discovered that the Federal Government had overlooked the most endangered species in America. 
been so thorough in designating animals as endangered all around farms, but for some reason hasn’t seen the plight of the American farmer. 
God made Agricola Americus with a unique set of characteristics essential to our Nation, so I am troubled that the number of farmers in America has steadily declined over the last six decades. 
farmers shrunk, but so has the number of farms. Those lost have mainly been family farms, passed down through generations of hard work and built up with years of sweat equity. They have faced numerous manmade obstacles that interfere with their environment and encroach on their natural territory. They have been subject to the ravages of wolves released by the very agency that should be tasked with protecting this essential American species. 
does not have a monopoly on society’s invasion of the American farmer and the habitat. Family farms have been destroyed by the death tax, regulated out of business by FDA and EPA mandates, and forced to dump crops by outdated government programs that even now are being struck down by the Supreme Court. 
onslaught can the Agricola Americus take before we recognize the harm of our actions and work to make sure that we are not complicit in its disappearance? We cannot leave the farmer alone in the eye of this regulatory storm. 
make a point of order against the amendment because it provides an appropriation for an unauthorized program and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. Clause 2 of rule XXI states in pertinent part: 
order as an amendment for an expenditure not previously authorized by law.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, the amendment proposes to appropriate funds. The amendment, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
in this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel or any other entity to negotiate or conclude a settlement with the Federal Government that includes terms requiring the defendant to donate or contribute funds to an organization or individual. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
bars the EPA and the Department of the Interior and any of its agencies from requiring mandatory donations to thirdparty groups as part of any settlement agreements the agencies enter into. 
settlement funds are being funneled to thirdparty groups, contravening congressional budget authority. A recent investigation by the House Judiciary and Financial Services Committees found as much as half a billion dollars had been diverted by the Department of Justice to third parties as a result of these settlements in the past year. This is inexcusable, and it is not unique to the Department of Justice. 
Environmental Protection Agency, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service routinely sue and then enter into settlements with businesses and individuals who are then forced to make donations to thirdparty groups. 
community service is expressly allowed as a condition of probation by the United States Criminal Code. In addition, the United States sentencing guidelines allow community service where it is reasonably designed to repair the harm caused by the offense. This results in settlement funds being directed to supposed ‘‘community service’’ groups. This is a practice that must be brought to an end. 
of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves and abhors is sinful and 
In this case, businesses and individuals are being sued by the government for violating environmental regulations, and then as part of the settlement, they have to make payments to the environmental organizations that engage in advocacy supporting the regulations. This power grab is abhorrent. 
stop these agencies from funneling court settlement funds to radical environmentalists. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
is a very broadly written amendment that would prevent the Federal Government from requiring polluters to pay for cleanup costs. Specifically, I would point out that the EPA is involved in numerous consent decree negotiations that result in payments to the Federal Government by responsible parties. 
The ability of the Federal Government to recoup these funds from polluters is an essential part of maintaining good environmental policy and protecting public health and protecting taxpayers, not polluters. For example, some Superfund sites that the EPA may spend Superfund trust moneys up front to initiate the cleanup of a potential responsible party are not yet identified or the cleanup order or settlement agreement with the identified parties is not yet finalized. 
In the event that the EPA does expend Superfund moneys at a site with veritable parties, reimbursements may be included in the terms of any settlement agreement that may be entered into with the parties. However, this amendment would prevent the EPA from receiving such reimbursements from the responsible parties in such an instance. 
in settlement negotiations seek payments to third parties rather than the Federal Government. One such example is the settlement negotiations that followed the catastrophe at the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico. 
that BP and Transocean reached with the Federal Government, the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, a congressionally chartered nonprofit, received the funds to undertake the projects to help remedy the harm that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico—something I would agree all needed to happen—yet under this amendment, those payments would have been prohibited. It would be completely irresponsible. 
This amendment is bad for the taxpayer, bad for public policy, and very bad for the environment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. I yield back the balance 
again, voting for this amendment and having it move forward would be completely irresponsible. This amendment is bad public policy, bad for environment, and it is bad for the taxpayer. I urge defeat of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to pay a Federal employee for any period of time during which such employee is using official time under section 7131 of title 5, United States Code. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
would prohibit paying any Federal employee for the time spent not working for the taxpayers but working for a third party, a labor union. This practice is known as ‘‘official time.’’ 
organization, labor unions have been granted the privilege of being able to have taxpayerfunded employees do their business on duty time, instead of doing the taxpayers’ work. 
Like any other type of private entity, labor unions should pay for their own employees to work for them. The taxpayers should not be picking up the tab for this practice. 
According to the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, this practice costs taxpayers approximately $156 million per year. That is assuming that the agencies are correctly reporting the amounts spent, and there have been indications that this number actually underreports the total cost. 
about just a few minutes here and there for an agency employee who is a union official to confer with management about a workplace issue. Sometimes, the agency employee is actually working full time for the labor union, all the while being paid by the taxpayers for this union work. 
200 employees working full time for labor unions; the VA has over 250 employees working full time for labor unions—this at a time when there is a significant backlog of cases to be processed. 
work in a VA facility but, instead, works remotely from a private office in D.C. 
personnel on fulltime official time as some agencies, still pays over $1.6 million just for those personnel who are working full time for their union. 
Some agencies, such as the Department of Transportation, have numerous employees making over $170,000 per year, while working full time for the union. This is more than almost all Federal employees make, higher than the salaries of many Senateconfirmed Assistant Secretaries. 
this practice, but would make certain that the right party pays for this work, the labor union. It is not right to force our taxpayers to pay the bill to subsidize these private organizations any more than it would be right to force them to subsidize other private organizations such as the National Rifle Association or the Sierra Club. 
should pay the cost for their own employees, not taxpayers. 
amendment clearly would serve no purpose but to erode collective bargaining rights for civil service employees and may violate collective bargaining agreements negotiated between workers and these agencies. 
to provide representation to all members of bargaining units, whether or 
not those workers elect to pay voluntary union dues. Representation for employees working their way through the administrative procedures is a costeffective process for administrating and adjudicating agency policies. 
for the government agencies to pay for costly thirdparty attorney and arbitration fees. Eliminating official time would increase costs, and it would increase more time and effort for agencies to work out any conflicts with employees. That drives up the cost for taxpayers. 
Official time is essential to maintaining workplace safety. Union representation uses official time to set procedures to protect employees from onthejob hazards. Official time is used to allow employees to participate in work groups with management teams to improve the process and improve performance outcomes. 
not be used to solicit membership, may not be used to conduct internal union meetings, may not be used to elect union officers, may not be used to engage in any partisan activities, and the notion that official time is used for any of these purposes is false. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
again, this amendment would serve no purpose but to erode the collective bargaining rights of civil service Federal employees, hardworking Americans. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
to the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) for the purpose of a colloquy. 
would like to commend Chairman C ALVERT , Ranking Member M CCOLLUM , and 
the Appropriations Committee staff for their efforts in bringing this important bill to the floor. 
overseeing this measure and his continued success as chairman of the subcommittee. 
highlight just a small portion of the needs and shortfalls that the territories are facing. In particular, I want to bring to your attention some of the funding issues facing American Samoa. 
Each year, the Office of Insular Affairs provides grant funds to American Samoa for the operation of local government, including the judiciary, Department of Education, and the local hospital. The purpose of this program is to fund the difference between budget needs and local revenues. 
much since the inception of this program to assist American Samoa government operations, and additional needs have arisen. 
Local revenues have remained relatively constant; the infrastructure has become dated and in disrepair, and outside influences, particularly China, have begun to make inroads into the region with the development of a port in the neighboring independent Samoa and future plans for a naval base in the same area. 
in world conflict since the inception of the program. This increased military activity by both friendly and hostile nations has simultaneously created the need for increased border security, an element severely lacking in American Samoa and one not funded under the 
infrastructure deficiency, which has caused undue hardship to both our people and businesses that rely upon our roads, airport, and port. 
NOAA National Weather Service to terminate weather observation service in American Samoa, which our local airport relies upon for flight operations, has prompted the need for the construction of a tower at Pago Pago International Airport. This facility would serve as a standard control tower and would also contain the weather monitoring service after NOAA ceases operations in American Samoa. 
devastated by a tsunami on September 29, 2009, that killed many of our people. I was there at the time. If it hadn’t been for the fact that I had a scheduled meeting at that very time and was already awake, I could have been killed by the wave. We lost our tuna cannery the day after the tsunami, which was half of our private sector employment. 
We also are suffering from the prolonged recession here in the States and suffered another setback with the recent longshoremen’s strike that exposed just how dependent we are on outside resources. 
committee that, when considering funding levels for the territories, to keep in mind our economic and geographic isolation and the extreme disparity in opportunities for growth between these regions and the States. 
working with the committee to increase funding for the territories which will help alleviate the many issues we are facing. 
always had the utmost respect for our fellow countrymen from the territories, I look forward to working with the gentlewoman from American Samoa, and I want to thank her for her efforts to inform the committee on the issues of the insular areas. 
to our country the people of American Samoa are, as displayed by their extremely high rate of enlistment in our Nation’s Armed Forces. 
highly valued, and the appointment as vice chairman of the Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs Subcommittee as a firstterm member is a testament to the perspective and leadership you bring to Congress. 
are well respected and have found themselves a champion for their cause. 
we are faced with the need to reduce funding in many areas of government, I thank the committee for preserving the budgetary assistance to American Samoa. 
him to ensure that the territories are given the same opportunity as the States. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this act may be used to regulate the location of the placement of a monitor of pollutants under the clean air act in any county provided such county has at least one monitor. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
right now, the Environmental Protection Agency makes the determination whether a county is what they call a nonattainment zone based on readings, the amount of ozone that various monitors come up with. If you are a nonattainment zone, it results in problems for both individuals and business. 
have two problems. First of all, if you are nonattainment, you might have to have gasoline that is probably a little bit inferior in quality, as well as more expensive. 
an important thing because it doesn’t matter; either wealthy or poor, it is something you have to be able to afford. If you are knocking up your price of gasoline by 5 or 10 cents a year, that can be a very damaging thing for someone who doesn’t have that great a salary. 
zone, every car has to be checked for emissions. Maybe there are some wealthy environmentalists that it is no big deal—if their car fails the emissions test, they can afford to spend another $900 on a catalytic converter or something wildly more expensive. For somebody not well off, it maybe puts you in a position which you have to buy a whole new car. 
Manufacturing is very important to this country. If you crack down on a business and say that you have to do different things to affect the amount of ozone that may be emitted from your factory, it can be very cost prohibitive and put American business at a competitive disadvantage. 
air monitors. In every county, the amount of ozone that is detected by these monitors may vary greatly from one part of the county to another part of the county. 
the past, in my district, if you put an air monitor right on Lake Michigan, 
due to the effect the sun has on the water, you might get disproportionately high readings and wind up having to put your individuals and businesses in a situation which they are in nonattainment. 
sometimes, whether or not you have a high ozone rating or not has nothing whatsoever to do with anything that is going on within your county. 
miles from Chicago, where most of the pollutants come from; so here you are, stuck trying to make your air cleaner and cleaner, and there is very little you can do to affect it anyway. 
should be able to put an air monitor anywhere within that county. You shouldn’t have a situation in which, in the past, an air monitor was placed at an area where you got a disproportionately high reading. 
say that the Environmental Protection Agency, that I am sure has a budget tight as a drum, should not have to waste any time worrying about where that air monitor is and where we are determining whether or not we have an ozone problem in a county. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin would prohibit funds for regulating the location of air monitors in counties. 
State to establish a network of air monitoring stations for criteria pollutants, using criteria set by the EPA for their location and operation. 
EPA’s ambient air monitoring network assessment guidance provides States and counties with information about the assessment of technical aspects of ambient air monitoring networks. The guidance is designed to be flexible and expandable. It does not dictate specific locations for placement for air monitors. 
oversight of air quality monitoring, making possible a scenario in which counties could game the system by locating monitors in places that show the lowest amount of pollution rather than where they get the best representative data. 
paper to understand why we need to ensure the proper collection of air quality data. 
A headline in the Wisconsin Ag Connection reads: Canadian Wildfires Prompt State to Issue Air Quality Notice. 
The article reports that the Department of Natural Resources has issued an air quality notice for all 72 Wisconsin counties this week. State air quality monitors are recording elevated concentrations of fine particles at several locations around the State, particularly across northern and western Wisconsin. 
in the ‘‘unhealthy for sensitive’’ category, which includes children, elderly people, individuals with respiratory and cardiac problems, and people engaged in strenuous activities for prolonged periods of time. 
This amendment would stop a transparent, sciencebased process to locate monitors where they will provide the most useful information about air quality. 
Mr. Chairman, I don’t think it is appropriate to dictate a nationwide moratorium on air quality monitoring in response to what appears to be a local issue perhaps in the gentleman’s State of Wisconsin. 
governments that depend on EPA’s technical expertise when determining the best location for an air monitor placement. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, first of 
all, the gentlewoman from Maine makes a point not about this amendment specifically, but about the overall program. 
right now in which, apparently, the Department of Natural Resources is making a determination that we have unsafe air based upon fires that are hundreds of miles away that the local people can’t do anything about. 
tying the hands of local units of government. That is not true. Under this amendment, the local units of government have more flexibility. 
The question is can the Federal Government tie the hands of local units of government, which they shouldn’t be able to do. 
So it is a good amendment. I think it 
is something that is going to, in the long term, benefit American business and, even more, benefit American individuals, particularly poor people, who don’t have a lot of extra money, are stuck spending a lot more money on their cars because of determinations made by Federal bureaucrats in far away cities who probably have enough money to be able to afford to deal with these problems anyway. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I will just 
reiterate the points I made before and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR OIL AND GAS  
by this Act may be used for oil and gas lease sale 260 included in the Draft Proposed Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Oil and Gas Leasing Program for 2017–2022 (DPP), or in any subsequent proposed or final iteration of such Program. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
utter respect for my colleague from California and his colleagues and the Interior bill that they created and all the good that it does. 
refining amendment that, as was described in the reading, would simply prohibit the Department of the Interior from moving forward on sales within block 260. I think that this is important for a number of different reasons that I will enumerate. 
But I want to be clear. This is not an 
amendment about a belief in there being dangers with regard to technology that is used and employed offshore. I have been quite impressed in all the studies I have done in the technological advancements that have taken place. 
Nor is it an amendment about the belief that we shouldn’t be using fossil fuels. I think that fossil fuels are very important in the mix with regard to energy independence in this country. 
about is the ageold notion that Washington doesn’t always know best, that the Founding Fathers were really deliberate in their belief in this notion of Federalism; that they divided power not only laterally, but vertically; that there was a Federal Government, but there was also a State and a local government; and those municipalities or those States should have a voice, too. 
difference between comment and control. And what municipalities, what people back home in South Carolina along the coast, are saying is: We want to have more than just a comment. We want to have control over our destiny in the way that the coast develops. 
my district alone as well as 65 communities up and down the eastern seaboard have added comments, saying: We want to push the pause button here. And, indeed, that is all this amendment does. It says: Let’s pause so that we can do a costbenefit analysis going forward. I think that this is important, given the large context. 
percent of the oil reserves within the Continental U.S. We are talking about a 5month supply. These communities are saying a 5month supply versus a lifetime impact in a place like Saint Helena Sound. 
If you look at the ACE Basin, it has 
been nationally recognized as a treasure. It is about 250,000 acres on the coast of South Carolina. The Federal Government put a lot of money into preserving it, as did State and private interests. 
the amount of industrialization that has to take place to support the offshore rigs, do you bring those pipes and that supply in through a place like Saint Helena Sound? 
the coast of South Carolina is: Let’s pause and reflect on that. And that is what this amendment does. 
amendment is the mirror opposite, as the gentleman knows, of the Hudson amendment that is currently pending via a rollcall vote. 
lease 260 to move forward under the Department of the Interior’s next 5year offshore leasing plan for 2017 through 2022. 
The Sanford amendment would prevent lease 260 from moving forward under the next 5year plan. And given the competing amendments, I must oppose this amendment, since we accepted the other amendment last night. 
So I would ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, again, I 
respect the Solomon’s wisdom that would be required by the chairman and others on the committee in dividing the different interests, and that is why I think the Founding Fathers had it right. 
Washington can have Solomon’s wisdom when you talk about local perspective and local interests, that there was a real value to local voice, those nine communities. 
Sound as the example that I just cited, the little town south of there, Beaufort, drew up a resolution, and the county and the city council moved forward, saying: We don’t want to move forward with this. 
Beach, moved forward with the resolution citing the same. The larger town 
Those local inputs, those local people, have said: We have seen what might or might not come here. We think it is worthy of a pause. Again, that is all this amendment does. 
What it says is: For the next 5 years, 
why don’t we allow for more public input and more voice, given the fact that there are lifetime impacts and really longlasting impacts in certain pristine and/or developed areas along the coast of South Carolina or other coastal areas along the block of 260. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I will just 
restate my opposition to this amendment. And I would hope that the gentleman could work with his colleagues in South Carolina and work all this out. But I must oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Will the gentleman 
Mr. SANFORD. I yield to the gentlewoman from Maine. 
wanted to rise in support of the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina. 
chance to speak against the Hudson amendment for the very reasons that he is articulating. 
State where people take very seriously our waterfronts, our fisheries, our livelihood that we make on the water, there are deep concerns about the challenges that might come up with oil and gas leases. 
And I think everyone in many coastal States wants to just make sure we go through the most thorough process possible. So I heartily support the concerns that he is raising, and I support this amendment. 
Mr. SANFORD. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
many of us here in Congress who want to build a better America, a stronger America, a healthier America. And there are many of us here who are willing to work and fight to move our country in that direction forward, 
communities all across this country, protecting the air we breathe and the water we drink is an essential role of government. The American people expect Congress to protect the public’s health from polluters who are all too willing to reap larger and larger profits as they pump poison into our air and water. 
‘‘burdensome regulation’’ from those who defend the polluters. But rarely do we hear the cries of ‘‘burdensome asthma’’ or ‘‘burdensome cancer’’ from average Americans who all too often suffer in silence when they are sick because the air, water, or land they need has been poisoned. 
content to cut funding and place riders on the enforcement of environmental standards to make life easier for the polluters. 
communities put at risk? What about the children who are at risk because avoiding environmental regulations to pump up profits is more important than public health? 
The role of the Environmental Protection Agency is to protect the public, to protect our health, to protect our water, to protect our air, to protect our land from polluters who are all too willing to cut corners, enabling them to reap larger profits. 
Investing in environmental regulation to protect the American people is a government function that is not burdensome. It is essential. 
public’s health and the vital role that the Environmental Protection Agency plays on behalf of the American people, but this bill fails to protect the American people. It fails to protect the public’s health, and it fails to provide the tools necessary to hold polluters accountable for poisoning our air, our water, and our land. If this bill ever finds its way to the President’s desk, President Obama will veto it. 
bill, and the investments we make together in this InteriorEnvironmental Appropriations bill speak to our values as a nation. We are the stewards of a bounty of resources, the inheritors of a nation of natural treasures; and there are 300 million Americans who depend on this Congress to ensure those resources, including our clean air and clean water, are protected. 
bill lets them down. So I will urge my colleagues at the end of the day to vote against final passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
this Act may be used for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005. 
The aggregate amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency–State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’, and the amount provided under such heading for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, are each hereby reduced by $50,000,000. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the funding of the EPA’s Diesel Emissions Reduction Program. The Diesel Emissions Reduction Program is part of the National Clean Diesel Campaign. This grant program was created in 2005 as a shortterm effort to assist States and local government to meet new diesel emissions standards for older diesel engines. 
According to the Obama administration, the overall impact of the program has been marginal. Currently, there are 14 grant and loan programs at the Department of Energy, the Department of Transportation, and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, plus three tax activities that have as a goal reducing mobile source diesel emissions. In addition, each of the 14 programs, according to the GAO, overlaps with at least one other program in the specific activities they fund, the program goals, or the eligible recipients of funding. 
of duplication where more than one program provided grant funding to the same recipient for the same type of activities. One example identified by GAO showed a nonprofit organization received $1.1 million from EPA’s Diesel Emissions Reduction Act program to install emission reduction and idle reduction technologies on 1,700 trucks, as well as $5.6 million from a State infrastructure bank established under DOT’s program to equip trucks and truck fleets with emissions control and idle reduction devices—essentially the same thing. 
Mr. Chairman, the Federal Government has become so large, it is impossible to grasp its true size and scope to pay for its cost. With the country facing unprecedented levels of debt, taxpayers expect the Federal Government to run more efficiently, guarding against careless waste of precious resources. It is essential that Congress, the administration, and Federal agencies do everything in their power to cut spending, reduce duplication, and rein in waste, fraud, and abuse. My amendment does just that, and it would have an annual savings of $50 million. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
DERA program, obviously, from southern California, probably the most controlled air quality area in the United States, and there are a lot of things in EPA that don’t work. There are a lot of things that EPA does to regulate, to create paperwork, and to create headaches for small and largebusiness people. We have included a great number of policy provisions to address this EPA regulatory overreach in this bill. We have cut the EPA budget dramatically, as the gentlewoman just referred to. However, I believe this specific amendment targets a program that actually yields great benefits. 
currently in nonattainment with EPA’s existing standards for the particulate matter and ozone. We are not talking about the standards that are being talked about. We are talking about the standards that were put in place in 2008. 
have been in nonattainment for years, and those communities need help to improve their air quality. The Diesel Emission Reduction Program, or DERA, is a proven, costeffective program that provides grants to States to retrofit old diesel engines. So it is a program that supports manufacturing jobs while reducing pollution. 
are highly leveraged, producing $13 of economic benefit for every Federal grant dollar. Today’s newer engines produce 90 percent—let me say that again—90 percent less toxic emissions than the older diesel engines. Remember, I have experience with trucks, and these independent truck drivers, those who have those trucks, get a lot of miles out of those trucks, sometimes well over a million miles off a truck. However, only 30 percent of the trucks and heavyduty vehicles have transitioned to cleaner technologies, typically because especially these small truck companies just can’t afford to get this new technology. We need to follow the science and accelerate the replacement of older engines with these new, clean engines, which, by the way, get better mileage and, at the same time, clean up the air considerably. 
working. We have seen significant—I know the Obama administration doesn’t like this program. They don’t like programs that actually work. They want to get rid of the programs that work and have money be put into these esoteric climate change studies and so forth and so on, and I can tell 
this had significant impacts in the South Coast Air Quality District where I live in, an area that has probably been impacted with all the problems of air quality more than any other region in the United States of America. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentleman’s amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
my distinguished colleague from California for his remarks, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
has lowered the amount of pollutants from diesel engines by more than 98 percent. Since 1980, despite the fact that the gross domestic product has grown by over 460 percent, vehicle miles have increased by 94 percent, the population has grown 38 percent, energy production 32 percent, emissions have gone down 50 percent. In regard to the impact of these programs, you have 14 programs that the GAO has identified as overlapping. It will do little harm to the overall effort for air quality to eliminate one program that is clearly a duplication in several instances identified by the GAO. 
to air quality, while air quality has improved dramatically—emissions are down 50 percent since 1980—respiratory illnesses such as asthma have gone up, and that is largely a byproduct of income. So I would commend to you that we need to reduce the number of regulations, the cost of regulations, to allow more economic activity and provide better job opportunities for people, which will have a direct impact on their overall welfare, including their health. 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman. 
a program that has worked, continues to work, and has had significant improvement in my area in California and, I know, throughout the United States, where we have a program that actually does work. 
she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), my 
rise in support of the gentleman from California’s opposition to this amendment. 
States all over to improve air quality, and, yes, pollutants have been cut. But as I just pointed out, Mr. Chairman, we still have a long way to go before we can turn to our children and say that we did everything we could to make sure that respiratory illness is decreased and that the air quality in this country is better. 
So I strongly oppose this amendment, and I thank the gentleman from California for his opposition to it as 
Mr. Chairman, I have one point because asthma has been brought up. 
When I was chairman of the Environment Committee a number of years ago, we had done significant studies on the increase in asthma. The gentleman is correct on income levels. 
from asthma at greater numbers primarily because of indoor pollution. One of the reasons, if we can get into the specifics of why that has occurred, is because we have carpets now and drapes and we don’t use linoleum and so forth that we used to have, and so we have the growth of indoor air pollution, and kids don’t get outside as much as they used to. 
factors for asthma, and sometimes the other factors are more to blame. But this program, DERA, is a program that works, continues to work; and I know it has in my area, and I know it has in other areas throughout the United States. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
again point out that it was a study from the University of California, Los Angeles that pointed out that children from lowincome households suffer disproportionately from asthma, and as we continue to overregulate our economy and reduce the economic opportunities for people, we are going to continue to see these high rates of respiratory illnesses. 
eliminating this clean diesel program. We are eliminating one program out of 14. 
to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out the powers granted under section 3063 of title 18, United States Code. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Protection Agency spends more than $45 million a year to fund a criminal enforcement division that employs almost 200 armed Federal agents. These agents have been involved in a number of troubling raids in Alaska, Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, Massachusetts, North Carolina, and in my own State of Alabama. 
jackets and carrying M–16s showed up to review paperwork at a familyowned mining operation. In North Carolina, armed EPA agents visited Larry Keller after he sent an email to the regional administrator. In my home State of Alabama, armed EPA agents took over two waste treatment facilities in Dothan, Alabama. These agents were posted at each entrance to the plant and recorded identification information of all those going in and going out. 
departments now employ armed personnel, most of which most Americans would never associate with law enforcement. These agencies include the EPA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Federal Reserve Board, and the National Institutes of Health. 
prohibit funding for these activities at EPA. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
have taken a lot of shots at the EPA for their overreach, and I am one of them; however, this amendment reaches just a little too far. We may not always agree on where it is appropriate to draw the line on environmental laws and regulations. Some think standards are too stringent; others will say they are not tough enough. That is a fair policy debate, and we have it. 
Protection Agency was created, we had rivers that would light on fire. We had air that was so thick, back when I played football, you couldn’t see the other goalposts on the other end of the football field. So we have made a lot of gains. 
At the same time, as it has been discussed, I think the EPA has gone way too far. We get to the point where we start regulating smaller and smaller 
for instance, when we start talking about 70 parts per billion versus 60 parts per billion, we have gone a long ways. 
where the line is ultimately drawn, there are individuals out there that are willingly and knowingly trying to find ways around the law. As such, EPA needs to have the ability to look into criminal activity, whether it is illegal dumping of waste, which unfortunately happens; negligent dumping of toxics or oil, which unfortunately happens; and the illegal transportation or importation of products from other countries by those who would choose to ignore U.S. law. 
appropriate, but we can’t give criminals a free pass to ignore the law or the laws that are on the books. 
amendment and strongly urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, with 
all due respect to my colleague from California, no one is in favor of allowing criminals to commit crimes at any level of the Federal Government or any part of the country. 
every Member of this body that we have gone over the line in regard to becoming what could be viewed as a police state. 
wastewater treatment facility, that is a city facility; that is the Federal Government sending armed agents in full body armor with weapons to a municipal facility. I would beg the question: What was the threat assessment? 
This is going on in other parts of the 
country as well, and I think we have a responsibility to draw a line where law enforcement is involved. If there is a threat assessment that would indicate the need to have armed officers assist the EPA in an investigation or a raid, there is ample law enforcement available to do that. 
In that regard, I think this is an area 
where the EPA has overreached in respect to their responsibilities as regulators of the environment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this is 
an important debate. I recognize that we have had Federal agencies that have 
had overreach and have done things that go beyond their training and possibly should be done by other agencies. I won’t disagree with that; but doing this in an appropriation bill is not the right place to do this. 
The authorizers should have this debate, and we shouldn’t be making these determinations with an appropriations bill which just broadly states that we are going to get rid of a whole swath of law enforcement, whether they are good or bad. It doesn’t determine that because we can’t do that in this type of legislative process. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM). Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, if I may 
inquire how much time is remaining so I don’t consume all the gentleman’s time? 
will just be short and sweet. I support the gentleman from California’s strong objection to this amendment and would encourage people not to vote for it. 
law enforcement official deserves the right to come home to their families safe at night, and so they should have the tools that they need in order to do that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, how 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman from Minnesota’s response. I, too, agree that every Federal official deserves to be able to go home safe and sound to their family. 
specific issue here in regard to what is going on with the EPA. If there is a need for armed intervention with a business or, in this case, with a municipality, there should be a clear threat assessment. There isn’t any. There was no reason for anyone to think that they needed to go in, in full body armor, with weapons drawn. 
I think that that is part of what is 
going on here that a lot of American citizens are concerned about, is the overreach of the government and particularly in regard to 70 Federal agencies having armed agents in their employment. 
California; this needs to be a broader discussion. In that regard, I think we should have that. 
we need to divert this funding away from this armed agency that the EPA is deploying, I think, without proper course. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RODNEYDAVIS of Illinois) having assumed 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6, 21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–193) on the resolution (H. Res. 350) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN  
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) had been 
postponed, and the bill had been read through page 132, line 24. 
leadership and support. Under his guidance, the Appropriations Committee is again setting the standard for getting things done in the House. This is the seventh of the appropriation bills that have come to the floor that we, hopefully, will be able to pass tomorrow. 
Finally, I want to thank each of our committee members for their efforts and their collegiality. It continues to be the hallmark of our subcommittee’s deliberations. 
of opinion within this bill, I greatly appreciate the members’ constructive contributions, and I mean that sincerely. The committee has made some very difficult choices in preparing this bill. 
I would like to point out some of the 
highlights of the bill. Again, this year, the committee has provided robust wildland fire funding, fire suppression accounts. The Department of the Interior and Forest Service are fully funded at the 10year average level. The hazardous fuel program was increased by $75 million to $526 million in fiscal year 2015 enacted, and that increase has been maintained in this bill. 
The bill also continues critical investments in Indian Country, a nonpartisan priority of this committee. Building upon the bipartisan work, former subcommittee chairman MIKE 
the bill continues to make investments in education, public safety, and health programs in Indian Country. 
Service has increased by $145 million or 3 percent, while funding for the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education is increased by $165 million or 6 percent from fiscal year 2015 levels, the largest percentage increase in this bill. 
The bill provides full funding for fiscal year 2016 for payments in lieu of taxes, or the PILT program. PILT payments are made to 49 of the 50 States, as well as the District of Columbia, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
National Park Service, included more than $60 million in new funding relating to the centennial of the National Park Service. 
priorities within the Fish and Wildlife Service accounts. The bill funds popular costshared grant programs above fiscal year 2015 enacted levels. It also provides for additional funds to combat international wildlife trafficking, protects fish hatcheries from cuts and closures, continues funding to fight invasive species, and reduces the backlog of species that are recovered but not yet delisted. 
land and water conservation fund, programs that enjoy broad bipartisan support. Some Members would prefer more funding; others would prefer less funding for LWCF. We have attempted to forge a middle ground that begins to return an emphasis of the LWCF to its original intent of recreation in the States and local acquisitions. 
by $718 million or 9 percent from fiscal year 2015 enacted levels. 
will be pleased to know that the Great Lakes restoration initiative is maintained at fiscal year 2015 enacted level of $300 million. Rural water technical assistance grants and many categorical grants, including radon grants, are level funded at the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. 
of concern over a number of regulatory actions being pursued by EPA, which we have discussed over the last day and the absence of legislation without clear congressional direction. 
number of provisions to stop unnecessary and damaging regulatory overreach by the agency. 
I would like to address the Endangered Species Act. We have had a number of amendments over the last day about this subject. Certainly, this committee has no interest in interfering with science or in letting any species go extinct, but we are concerned about Federal regulatory actions lacking in basic fairness and common sense. The provisions in this bill address problems created by the ESA—not by science but by court orders—that drain limited agency resources and force departments to cut corners to meet arbitrary deadlines. 
with the sagegrouse. States are rightfully concerned that a listing or unnecessary restricted Federal land use plans will jeopardize existing conservation partnerships with States and private landowners. These partnerships are necessary to save both sagebrush ecosystems and local economies. So long as sagegrouse are not under imminent threat of extinction, cooperative conservation must be given a chance to work. 
mentioned, so long as sagegrouse are not under imminent threat of extinction, cooperative conservation must be given a chance to work. That is why this bill maintains a 1year delay in any decision to list the sagegrouse along with full funding to implement conservation efforts. 
next step in a long legislative process. I hope, over the coming months, we will come together, as we do each year, to find common ground. In that spirit, 
I look forward to continuing to work with Ms. MCCOLLUM and Members of 
the House on both sides of the aisle. As this bill moves forward, hopefully, the Senate will act on a bill soon, and we will be able to get back to regular order, which is, I think, the hope for both sides. 
on both sides for their hard work on this bill. On the minority side, I would 
like to thank Rick Healy, Rita Culp, Joe Carlile, as well as Rebecca Taylor. They played an integral role in the process, and their efforts are very much appreciated. On the majority side, I would like to thank subcommittee staff Kristin Richmond, Jackie Kilroy, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Darren Benjamin, and Dave LesStrang. On my personal staff, I would also like to thank Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Alexandra Berenter, and Tricia Evans for their great work. 
I have enjoyed the debate over the last couple of days. 
under my 5 minutes is on the wildfire and hazardous fuel management program. It was mentioned earlier in the debate that we are attempting to work out an agreement on both sides so that we can move Mr. SIMPSON ’s language 
forward in his hazardous wildfire bill, H.R. 167. We are looking for cosponsors of the bill, and we hope to get more support for that bill as we move this process forward. 
the bill to the 10year average, but this is still not going to be sufficient if we have the significant wildfire year that we expect. A catastrophic fire can literally burn through any amounts of money that we may have set aside, and it causes disruptions within the Department of the Interior and the Department of Forestry in how they manage those accounts, which we also discussed, which is not good management on our part. So I would hope we can move ahead with Mr. SIMPSON ’s bill as 
Species Act, and we continue to talk about the States and the difficulties that they are having in working with the Fish and Wildlife Service and with other agencies in trying to work out their State plans that deal with these significant issues. As we look at our sagegrouse strategy, we have 11 States involved in this program. We are doing everything we can to have a cooperative program with private landowners, the State land, and the Federal land to make sure that we continue to have sagegrouse. We want to make sure that the sagegrouse persists, and that is why we funded both the BLM and the Fish and Wildlife Service to the requested amounts in order to make sure that we have the resources available to do that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  
Chairman, I want to congratulate the chairman of the subcommittee, who has done a yeoman’s job of shepherding this appropriations bill through this House. 
you are, Mr. Chairman, and presided over many different amendments. There was much discussion on a wide variety of issues, but it is what we came here to do in this institution—to debate the issues and to work in a process that I call our constitutional appropriations process. If we are to regain the power of the purse here in the House, we ought to be able to work through the appropriations process that so many hardworking colleagues of mine, like Chairman CALVERT , have 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  
Chairman, this is an opportunity for us to begin the process, once again, of prioritizing how Washington spends money, which I remember not too long ago was the way Washington spent money, Mr. Chairman, when Washington was not nearly as broken. We have an opportunity to come here to the floor to debate the issues and to get an upordown vote. When our amendments may not pass, that doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t regain the power that Congress has been given in our Constitution, and that is by supporting great bills like this. 
forward to supporting his bill. I had a great time in presiding over the debate yesterday, and I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman in the future. 
having other bills in front of us. We are looking forward to having the Financial Services bill on the floor next week, and I believe we will have other appropriations bills for the balance of the month. As we get back to regular order, we want to have all 12 bills brought to the floor and debated. The chairman has done a great job of moving this committee back to its historic importance in this institution, and we appreciate your continued support in that process. 
funding allocations, we are continuing to work to make sure that moneys are available to fund Forest Service research and development and to make sure that the analysis and inventory program continues to be funded. The 
forests, we recognize, are a renewable resource. Domestically produced timber supports local communities and the U.S. industry, especially in the West. It also helps reduce fuel loads in our national forests. This is greatly needed, especially now, because these fires are burning hotter, fire seasons are growing longer, and more communities are at risk. 
Chairman. The Forest Service estimates that up to 2 million acres of land need to be actively managed. In the Rocky Mountains alone, 45 million acres have been affected by the bark beetle. We have seen results of the bark beetle back in my area of southern California where thousands of acres have been devastated by this beetle that attacks weakened trees, which certainly exposes a problem to wildfire conditions. Once those wildfires start, then those fires quickly become catastrophic as we have seen just recently in a fire in the San Bernardino National Forest. 
season was well below the normal with just 87 percent of the 10year average. We are praying that that is going to occur in the 2015 fire season, but we can’t be sure. Most people believe that that is not going to occur and that, because of the drought, especially in the West, we could have catastrophic conditions and that we could have wildfires that can certainly grow out of control. 
wildfires cost more money than the other 98 percent, so that is why we need to continue to invest resources wisely and to make sure that we get rid of hazardous materials, that we manage our forests properly in order for us not to have these catastrophic fires. These figures are combined with the fact that California, my home State, suffers through this exceptional drought. Other parts of the country, including Minnesota, have the potential for above normal wildfire activity in the next few months, and that is extremely, extremely worrisome. 
I would like to talk a little bit about 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I know we would have liked to have appropriated more money for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, but we are acting under these allocations, and we were just restricted on what we could do. Yet what we wanted to do was to focus back to the original intent of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which was recreation and State and local acquisitions. In this bill, the administration is directed to prioritize limited Federal acquisitions in which opportunities for recreation and local and State congressional support are the strongest. 
move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. RODNEY  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, we extend the authority of recreation fee programs; we prohibit the Interior from administratively creating new wilderness areas; we provide the full funding of $452 million for payments in lieu of taxes, which is extremely important to almost every State in the Union; and we increase the forest products account by $16 million so that the Forest Service can increase timber harvests. 
in the West after the issue with the spotted owl. After that 20year experiment that most people realize was a failure, we now have forests that have become overgrown, especially in the West, and we have poorly managed some of those forests. We need to go back and thin those forests out. There are two ways to thin a forest, Mr. Chairman. Either God does it, or we allow for good timbering operations that are done in a new scientific manner that help clear out that forest in a healthy way, that bring back animals that sometimes have abandoned the region because of overgrowth—operations that make for a healthier forest in the long run. 
work with the Department of Forestry to make sure that they continue to make progress on this, and we will continue to do that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
codify existing National Park Service policy and directives with regard to the declaration of cemeteries and concession sales. I urge adoption of my amendment. 
strong opposition to this amendment. I am actually quite surprised that we find ourselves here tonight attempting to overturn the National Park Service recent policy changes to stop allowing the Confederate flag to be displayed or sold in national parks. 
passed amendment after amendment supporting the removal of the symbol of racism from our national parks, which are visited every day by Americans and foreign visitors of every race. 
We have read about the divisive tactics happening in the South Carolina statehouse as they debate the removal of the Confederate flag after the murder of nine Black parishioners. 
of Representatives would join those who would want to see this flag flown by passing an amendment to ensure the continuing flying of the Confederate flag. I strongly urge every Member to stand with the citizens of all races and to remove this symbol of hatred from our National Park Service. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I want to 
restate: On June 25 when National Park Service Director Jon Jarvis requested that Confederate flag sales be removed from national park bookstores and gift shops, he also followed a decision by several large national retailers—Walmart, Amazon, and Sears—to stop selling items with Confederate flags on them, and I agreed with these decisions. I commend those for their prompt action. 
While in certain and very limited circumstances, it might be appropriate in a national park to display the image of the Confederate flag in a historical context—and I say that as a social studies teacher—the general display or sale of Confederate flag items is inappropriate and divisive. I support limiting their use. 
which is an attempt to negate amendments which were approved yesterday without any opposition to limit the displaying of the Confederate flag, and so we should make sure that we uphold what this House stood for yesterday, which is to say no to racism, which is to say no to hate speech. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be 
prepare to finish consideration of H.R. 2822, I want to take this opportunity to congratulate my subcommittee chairman, KENCALVERT , for getting this bill 
It has not been an easy process, as we 
just realized a few moments ago. We have had to consider nearly twice as many amendments as any other appropriations bill taken up in the House this year. 
While I have not agreed with a considerable number of the amendments that have been made to the bill, I do appreciate that the chairman and I have been able to disagree when necessary without ever being disagreeable. My working relationship with Chairman CALVERT has been first rate. I appreciate the hard work and effort he has put into the bill. 
thanks to the committee staff on both sides of the aisle, as well as the personal staff in both of our respective offices for their work on the bill. They put in long hours to smooth a way for consideration of this bill, and I appreciate their efforts. 
have had a good working relationship, Mr. Chair, but I cannot hide my surprise and my outrage that we find ourselves here tonight attempting to overturn the National Park Service recent policy change to stop allowing the Confederate flag to be displayed or sold at our national parks. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
to say that I enjoyed and continue to enjoy working with the gentlewoman as we move this process forward and appreciate her courtesy and kindness. 
As I say, we will continue to work at 
of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POLIQUIN ) having assumed the chair, 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year 
ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 5, to include corrections in section numbers, section headings, cross references, punctuation, and indentation, and to make any other technical and conforming change necessary to reflect the actions of the House. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. I ask unanimous consent, Mr. Speaker, that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of our Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to thank all of my colleagues who are here tonight at this late hour to talk about the weak negotiations that are taking place in Vienna on the nuclear deal with Iran. 
speakers tonight who will address this looming topic that is of great urgency. 
Let me begin by yielding to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ). 
Trusting that Iran, the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism, has suddenly had a change of heart in its decadeslong quest to obtain a nuclear weapon is just simply naive at best. 
in May would allow Congress to review and vote on any deal that the administration makes with Iran. Those I represent believe Congress should have the final say on any deal, and I couldn’t agree more. 
as global security, will be jeopardized if the administration gets this wrong. We must ensure it doesn’t. The stakes are simply too high. 
If Iran is actually serious about reengaging with the global community, 
citizens as political prisoners or harass and provoke U.S. Navy ships in international waters. 
release all detained U.S. citizens, and provide any information it possesses regarding any U.S. citizens that have disappeared within its borders. 
won’t even do these basic actions indicates to me that counting on them to honor commitments they make around a negotiating table can’t be taken seriously. 
think he highlighted the basic problems that we have in dealing with a rogue regime like Iran that cannot be trusted, that has not been dealing with us in a straight manner. I thank the gentleman very much for his leadership on this issue. 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) to address this threat as 
Speaker, I rise today to voice my concerns over the potential deal regarding Iran’s nuclear program, and I stand here thanking my colleague from the great State of Florida for putting this Special Order together on such a very important and timely issue. 
nuclear program. Our other allies will be better protected. The entire world will be safer as we slow the spread of nuclear weapons. The United States and international inspectors will carefully monitor them to make sure it keeps its commitments. 
what President Clinton told the American people about the North Korean nuclear deal in 1994. Today, North Korea has anywhere from 10 to 20 nuclear weapons in their arsenal, and that number is expected to grow to 50 in the next 5 years. 
of posturing from this administration about the Iran negotiations. The United States seems destined to repeat history, unwilling to hold their ground, and granting Iran extension after extension and concession after concession. 
sanctions against Iran, which brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first place, it is common sense that additional sanctions could even put more pressure on them when they are already hurting from the low price of their most prized commodity, oil. 
their nuclear infrastructure is in place for peaceful purposes. If that were the case, they would have no need to enrich uranium past 3.5 percent. Iran has a record filled with lies, deceit, sponsored terrorism, human rights violations, and the list goes on and on. 
trusted two decades ago, neither should Iran today. Mr. Speaker, a nuclear Iran 
is not only a grave danger to American interests, but to Israel—our strongest ally in the Middle East—and our many allies throughout the world. 
safer place if Iran were to neutralize their nuclear production facilities, if they would allow inspections at anytime, if they would disclose all military implications of their nuclear program, or if Iran were to demonstrate a better record on human rights. 
ifs that have failed to happen today and I am afraid will never happen under this proposed deal. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bad deal. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. DAVIS, I 
Mr. Speaker, the more we know it is a weak, dangerous, bad deal. 
I yield to Mr. L ANCE of New Jersey, 
who has long been speaking about the dangers of a nuclear Iran. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida for her magnificent service regarding the foreign policy of this country and her continued expertise that is of benefit to the entire Nation. 
people and those of us in Congress will be able to scrutinize an anticipated agreement between Iran and the P5+1 countries and Iran’s nuclear weapons program. 
administration’s proposal, and I will be looking to ensure that any agreement achieves the paramount goal that Iran will never get nuclear weapons. 
change the international dynamic and put the United States and our allies, including Israel, in extreme peril. The balance of power in the world would slip away from those who have given blood and treasure in the fight for freedom and justice, while rewarding the perpetrators of some of the most heinous crimes against humanity. 
The principle of peace through deterrence would be compromised and the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty would be a footnote in history as rival and regional powers race to acquire their own nuclear weapons. A nuclear arms race will be yet another element of unpredictability in the world’s most volatile region. 
I do not oppose any agreement; I oppose a bad agreement. Sanctions brought Iran to the table, and sanctions will keep Iran there. Any deal that needlessly surrenders that valuable leverage in the name of taking Iran’s word is a bad agreement. There is simply not the trust that state sponsors of terror will suddenly and uncharacteristically prove to be honest. 
‘‘Trust, but verify.’’ That was true then; it is as true now as then. It is certainly true regarding Iran. 
include tangible Iranian concessions. Steps to dismantle its nuclear infrastructure, a commitment to a robust inspections regime, and a cease to its dubious terrorrelated activities must be included in any agreement. 
not only the 315 million people of this country, but certainly the people in the Middle East, which is extremely dangerous. 
will have farreaching ramifications, and certainly, I hope that the President, the Secretary of State, and the administration will heed the bipartisan concerns that exist here in Congress. 
legislation that reached his desk. That was an expression of the will of the American people through elected Representatives here and in the other House of Congress, overwhelming in its nature; and certainly, I hope that the President and Secretary of State and the administration will recognize that the American people are deeply concerned about what appears to be the parameters of an agreement. 
agreement. Let me repeat, no agreement is superior to a bad agreement, as Prime Minister Netanyahu stated in this Chamber this spring. 
I hope that Iran will come meaningfully to the table. I hope that Iran will cease its terrorist activities across the globe. I hope Iran will recognize that, if it were to achieve nuclear weapons, it would be the beginning of a situation with unintended consequences for the Middle East, the most dangerous part of the world; terrible consequences for our friend and ally, a country that believes in democracy, Israel; terrible consequences for other Arab nations, including Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and places beyond that; and that we want to live in peace with the Iranian people. 
The Iranian people are a great people, a talented people, a welleducated people; and certainly, I hope that the people of Iran recognize that it is not in their best interest that their leaders develop nuclear weapons. 
I take the superb work of the gentlewoman from Florida. I am pleased to be able to join with her and with others this evening to caution that we must ensure a strong agreement and, if that is not possible, then no agreement at all. 
very much, Mr. LANCE . May it be so; 
from your words to God’s ears, may we get this strong deal that can truly be verified. 
from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), my colleague, a man with whom I have had the honor of talking about this issue, the danger that a nuclear Iran imposes for the stability of the world, not just 
for Israel, not just for the neighborhood, and not just for the United States. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking my colleague for her steadfast leadership on this issue, but really on all issues having to do with foreign relations in this Chamber for so many years. She has set the example and a very high bar for all of us who serve in this Chamber. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to start by reiterating just how serious the security threat Iran is to the United States and to our allies. 
here, Iran can never attain nuclear capabilities. Any deal reached must ensure that the Iranian regime completely abandons its nuclear ambitions and dismantles its nuclear infrastructure. 
Obama administration be unyielding when dealing with Iran. Additional concessions are simply not an option. A weak deal that gives the regime an opening to obtain nuclear weapons down the road is not good for the United States or its allies, especially Israel. It isn’t good for the entire world. 
Even while nuclear negotiations between the P5+1 and Iran took place, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei openly supported the destruction of Israel and supported Hamas’ attacks against Israel from Gaza. He also boasted Iranian technology was being used by Hamas to attack Israel and openly called for all Palestinians in the West Bank to join Hamas in Gaza in an armed rebellion against Israel, promising to arm those who participated. 
nuclear program as existing in a vacuum. It would be irresponsible to ignore the regime’s continued support for terrorism, its pursuit of ballistic missiles, and its failure to comply with the International Atomic Energy Agency. 
be present in an acceptable deal, including a robust inspection regime and the resolution of issues of past and present concern. Only then could a deal even begin to be considered as acceptable. 
difficult to implement and is not in the best interests of the United States. We must protect the sanctions infrastructure that this body put in place rather than rely on reactive tactics if the Iranian regime does not comply with the terms of the agreement. 
agreement with Iran, we need to ask ourselves: Does this agreement prevent Iran from achieving nuclear capabilities and keep the United States and its allies safe? Anything other than that is totally unacceptable. 
Speaker, is: What kind of a world do we want to live in? What kind of a world do we want for our children, for our 
terrorist regime acquires nuclear weapons—whether it is in 2 years, in 5 years, in 10 years, or in 15 years—is totally unacceptable. This is a government that, again, has pledged to annihilate the only democracy in the Middle East, our best ally in the world, the country that stands with us no matter what, our friends in Israel. 
Some in this administration have unjustly criticized Prime Minister Netanyahu. For what? It is for simply wanting his country to survive and his people to live in peace and security. 
when the Ayatollah sent their representative—then Mr. Ahmadinejad—to Cuba in 2007, he pledged that, together with Cuba’s dictators and the rest of their rogue allies throughout the world, they would bring the United States to its knees. I know my colleague recalls that. 
What kind of a world do we want to 
live in? It is still not too late to walk away from this table and to tell the mullahs that they will never acquire nuclear weapons as long as the United States is the greatest superpower in the world and a beacon for democracy, for peace, and for opportunity for all people. 
this special opportunity to highlight an issue that is of vital importance for the entire Nation and for the entire world. 
you certainly have been a leader in this fight. 
bring up the dangerous clown, Khamenei, because he has been replaced by an equally murderous, sadistic thug, Rouhani; but now, the international community likes to call him the ‘‘moderate’’ leader, where they have had more executions in Iran under the socalled moderate then ever. 
Israel’’ chants continue, just as they continued during Ahmadinejad’s time. Whether it is Ahmadinejad, whether it is a moderate Rouhani, it is a Supreme Leader who calls the shots. 
They are calling for the destruction of our ally, and they are calling for destruction of this great country. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , 
who was chairwoman when I was on the Foreign Affairs Committee. She has stepped up and always been a voice, especially in this area. I also want to thank Mr. CURBELO and also Mr. D AVIS. 
here, and let’s put some things in perspective. It has been said over and over—but we are going to talk about this—a bad deal is worse than no deal. I am going to say it again. A bad deal is worse than no deal. A deal the U.S. and the rest of the 
international community can accept should be one in which Iran is no longer a nuclear threat. At what point did we forget this, Mr. President? At what point did we lay down and decide that a nuclear Iran, if it is 20 years from now, is better than what a nuclear Iran is now? Mr. President, you have got to listen to what you are saying. 
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu explained to President Obama that the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ‘‘threatens the survival of the State of Israel.’’ It threatens the survival of the State of Israel. 
party to any agreement that fails to protect the vital interest of Israel and other allies in the region. That is why I voted ‘‘no’’ on the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
I am not in disagreement with Congress providing oversight of a final comprehensive deal, but a horrible deal isn’t something Congress should even have to consider. 
again that I have always made the security of our strongest ally in the Middle East a priority and will not support any deal that allows Iran the opportunity to develop a nuclear weapon. 
announced, we know, based off the details of the JCPOA announced in April, of the potential for a bad deal. Under the framework announced in April, Iran will be able to maintain over 6,000 centrifuges they possess. Of the 6,000 centrifuges, 5,000 of those will continue to enrich uranium. 
Five thousand, what part of not having a nuclear Iran are we kidding ourselves here with? 
we shouldn’t have a snap back. They should have never gone away in the process. 
provisions when this body has clearly spoken that the sanctions should stay and, if anything, they should get tighter? But we are now talking about snap back provisions. What a world we live in. 
If they don’t fulfill their commitment, sanctions will magically snap back. When I read that, it just amazes me, Mr. Speaker, that if they don’t keep their commitments—why do we believe they are going to keep any commitments? 
me. It took several years of U.S. pressuring for our European allies before they started seriously enforcing the U.N. Security Council sanctions currently in place. 
While a U.S. President can unilaterally reinstitute sanctions that were previously waived, the European Union has to receive support from all 28 members for reimposition of former sanctions. Think about that. That is something we ought to talk about. 
at the U.N. Security Council. A unanimous vote by all 15 U.S. Security Council members in the affirmative would be needed for sanctions to be put back in place. 
and how many of you who may be thinking about this, actually believe that will actually happen? Do you believe that would? I don’t. 
members of the U.N. Security Council, have the most to gain from having unfettered access to Iranian markets. It has been widely reported that Russia is moving forward with the selling of S– 300s, the antiaircraft weapon, to Iran. Such a weapon system makes the potential for Israeli or American airstrikes against Iranian nukes just that much more difficult to carry out. 
Russia, whose own economy is hurting as a result of the sanctions, is looking to diversify its investments in other economies that show strong potential for growth. China is always looking for new sources of energy, and with the elimination of international sanctions, Iran will have the ability to sell more oil on the international market. 
military dimensions. To receive an accurate picture of Iran’s nuclear capabilities, it is imperative to know how close they got to developing or have gotten to developing a nuclear weapon. It is only after we can determine if Iran ever developed a nuclear warhead or triggering mechanism that the international community can actually know Iran’s breakout time. Iran’s PMDs must be made known to the international community prior— prior—to any permanent sanction relief being instituted. 
makes the region and the greater national community worse off. 
tonight is very disturbing. What I have heard from leaders in this administration is even more disturbing. They have willingly determined, in my mind, to throw Israel under the bus and, I believe, maybe for a peace prize. 
mark in the Senate. Mr. Kerry, maybe you didn’t make a mark as Secretary of State. Maybe you are looking for a peace prize. Your peace prize should be come home now and walk away from a bad deal. If you want to be recognized in the world for standing up for what is right, then walk away from a bad deal. 
weapon. They are not capable of handling one. They are the biggest suppliers to terrorism around the world. And yet we are talking about talking to a country that says just recently, just in the last 2 days, their leader has said it is now time for us to spout hatred at the Zionists. 
And we are negotiating with them? They don’t want to say Israel has 
even a right to exist, and we are sitting at the table with them? We want to let 
5,000 centrifuges keep spinning and keep spinning and keep spinning and keep spinning, and we are going to negotiate with them? 
people, Mr. Speaker. You negotiate with people who want to live in the bonds of a civil society, in a civil world, and Iran’s leadership is not that person. 
We are fooling ourselves. This administration has become just completely tunnelvisioned toward legacy. When you have a domestic agenda that has been as terrible as this administration, I don’t blame you for looking overseas. But your domestic agenda is no comparison to the failure of a foreign policy, when world leaders ask what is America’s role because they don’t even know. 
voices in this Chamber reaches across the ocean to Vienna. The last words I would like Secretary Kerry to hear before he sits down with the Iranians are ‘‘a bad deal is worse than no deal.’’ 
the streets here in Washington, not shouted on the streets in New York City or San Francisco or Atlanta. It was shouted in the Parliament of Iran just recently, when they said we are not going to allow inspections. And we are sitting down to negotiate with them? 
‘‘Death to America’’? And we are sitting down negotiating with them as if they are reasonable people? 
our vision of being the shining light to the world for freedom and hope, and decided that it is much better off, maybe for our political world, or maybe our personal achievements, to sit down with a government that says Israel should not even have the right to exist, and if we could, we would annihilate them tomorrow? 
those who have lobbed bombs on innocent men and women in Israel and who will sit down at a negotiating table and say: We are not going to allow you to inspect wherever you want; we are going to keep what we want to keep. 
And, by the way, even the administration’s own belief is we are going to keep 5,000 spinning, centrifuges spinning, 5,000 spinning. 
time is Iran’s friend. I agree. As long as they can keep our Secretary of State at that table, those centrifuges spin. As long as they keep us tied up debating this in this administration, the centrifuges spin. As long as we keep doing this, the centrifuges spin. 
place because they are spinning. It is time to tighten the screws on Iran because those centrifuges are spinning. It is time for us not to let up because the centrifuges are spinning. 
And I do not want to see a world in 
which my children grow up and the people in Israel grow up knowing that Iran has a bomb when they are ready to 
Mr. Secretary, maybe you are looking for a peace prize. How about winning a prize in the hearts of the freedomloving people all across the world and walking away from a bad deal? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
laid it out in a thoughtful manner. No deal is better than a bad deal. 
the gentlewoman from Florida for her leadership on this important issue, your leadership with America’s foreign policy. I know that my constituents all the way up in New York are more secure and free due to your work through the years here in the Halls of Congress. I thank you for your leadership. 
Fourth of July, 239 years since America declared its independence. What makes America great is what we stand for: freedom and liberty. 
largest state sponsor of terror, a nation overthrowing foreign governments, unjustly imprisoning United States citizens, including a United States Marine. 
develops ICBMs. They pledge to wipe Israel off the map. And in their streets, in their halls, they are chanting, ‘‘Death to America.’’ 
The President says the only alternative to whatever deal he presents us with is war. I reject that. The deal the President is finalizing may actually pave the path to more instability in the Middle East and a nuclear arms race triggered in the region. 
with a version in English and the Iranians are interpreting any different terms refuting our interpretation of that agreement in English, then there is no agreement. There is no meeting of the minds. 
Will Iran continue spinning centrifuges, enriching uranium and maintaining any of their nuclear infrastructure? 
Will weapons inspectors have unfettered access to Iran’s nuclear infrastructure? Honestly, I doubt it. 
millions of Iranians took to the streets protesting after an undemocratic election. The economy in Iran was doing better at that time than it is today. Oil, twice the value as today. 
going on in Iran was none of our business, and look where we are today. 
and I am proud to be an American. As elected officials who took an oath to protect and defend our Constitution, we have a responsibility to protect our country. 
Nation, which generations before us have fought and sacrificed so much to protect. And that is how we celebrate another 239 years of American exceptionalism. 
the negotiating table, inherits the goodwill of generations, centuries of men and women who have come before them that sacrificed so much to make America the greatest Nation in the world. When someone says they want to run to be President of the United States, with that, you inherit all of that goodwill, all of that American exceptionalism. 
have no business trying to equalize yourself with the person you are negotiating with. That isn’t your goodwill to expend. 
It is important for American greatness to grow. And I am concerned that we are on pace to enter into a bad deal with Iran. 
Here, with the leadership of colleagues like the gentlewoman from Florida, who I am very grateful for putting together this Special Order tonight, and other colleagues, like the gentleman from Florida, who will be speaking right after me, there is so much passion amongst my colleagues for wanting to do the right thing to protect our Nation, understanding that it is a fundamental basic that the United States strengthens our relationships with our allies and treats our enemies for exactly who they are. 
ago of playing Texas Hold’em, and the President inherits pocket aces every time he sits down at the table. The Iranians may inherit the 7–2 off suit, the worst hand that you could possibly have in poker. 
as a negotiating style, will offer to switch hands. We saw it in Cuba, where dozens of goodfaith concessions were made asking for nothing in return. Why is that? 
good negotiator. He still has a year and a half left on his second term in office, and I want him to strengthen his hand. He has it. He inherits it. That is what comes with being the President of the United States. That is what he signed up for. 
And what did we sign up for here in 
the Halls of Congress? To hold this President’s feet to the fire if he chooses to sign a bad deal with Iran. 
from Florida for her leadership. I am looking forward to hearing Mr. YOHO 
and his passionate words to follow. And I would encourage the President 
and Secretary Kerry, the leaders of the Obama administration, to do the right thing. Take a walk, strengthen your hand, and don’t sell out America’s goodwill. 
my very dear colleague from Florida for bringing this very important topic to light. This is something the American people need to weigh in on; and this is something, as you heard the passion tonight, the people talking about how this is not a good deal. This is not a good deal for anybody but Iran. 
I would like to do a chronological anthology of Iran’s nuclear weapons program. If you go back 30 years ago, they were working on gaining the technology and the material to develop nuclear weapons. 
is Not an Option,’’ talked about the catandmouse game that Iran had played over the last 30 years of saying, No, we are not developing nuclear weapons; and they wouldn’t allow the inspectors in. 
The U.N. had resolutions and sanctions, and eventually, the IAEA inspectors—the International Atomic Energy Agency—was allowed to come in. They caught Iran redhanded, developing nuclear weapons. 
sorry. You are right. We were bad. We are not going to do it again. 
over again and over again. For 30 years, we have been playing the cat andmouse game. It hasn’t gone away. Their mission is to get nuclear weapons. 
put sanctions in the 2000s on Iran to say enough is enough, the sanctions were in place, and they started. To President Obama’s credit, he tightened them up, and it put more pressure on Iran, and then it brought them to the negotiation table. 
deal—there should be mutual benefits to both sides. At the end of this, you will see there is no benefit to America, to the Middle East, and to world peace because, when those negotiations started, as my colleague from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) brought up, there was no 
bad enough to put Iran in this great economic tragedy or pressure that was just crippling Iran and they couldn’t do anything and they came to the table to release the sanctions so that they could move on, but during that time period—this is what the American people need to know—during that time period, Iran was extending their arm and their reach into the Western Hemisphere through Bolivia, through Venezuela; and they were funding their terrorist arm, Hezbollah, that caused two terrorist attacks in Argentina in the nineties that was responsible for over 100 deaths and over 300 injured people— Iran was doing this at the time when the sanctions were on them, and they were supposed to be under this great economic stress—but they were doing that because they were funneling money through Venezuela and getting money for fuel plus armaments that they were selling. During this time, when we think our sanctions are working, Iran is working against us. 
I have been here in the House for 2
years, and I sit on the Committee on Foreign Affairs. During those 2
we have had experts come in, over and over again, telling us about the threat of Iran creating new clear weapons. 
Iran would have enough nuclearenriched material to have enough material within 6 months to a year to have five to six atomic bombs. That was over 2 years ago, so one could only reasonably expect that Iran has enough material for five to six nuclear bombs. 
This was backed up by Henry Kissinger and George Shultz in The Wall Street Journal editorial about 3 months ago, that they claim that Iran was about 2
Then we moved down to the negotiation. The negotiation was started—if people will go back and research the news—from the administration, from John Kerry. He said negotiations have started and that the whole purpose was Iran cannot and will not be permitted to have a nuclear weapon. Now, we are just going to delay them for 10 years. 
they break any part of this deal, there is going to be snapback. I mean, you have got to be from another planet to think that that is going to happen because we are going to rely on China and Russia to say: Yes, we are with you. 
worth of antimissile defense systems. In addition, during this period, when Iran had all these tough sanctions blocking their economy, Iran has been developing an ICBM program. 
intercontinental ballistic missile system. That is not for their neighbors. That is for Europe. That is for the United States. It is for people way outside of Iran. They have done this with the economic sanctions. 
they have detonated a trigger device for a nuclear weapon. They have gone through expensive remediation, covering up the site, covering up the soil, paving it, and not allowing our inspectors to go in there and inspect that— the IAEA inspectors that we are supposed to depend on to prove that what they are doing is for peaceful purposes. 
over the years, when we have been in the Middle East, with our brave young men and women in the Middle East, fighting for security for this country and for the neighbors in the Middle East. Seventy percent of the wounds to our soldiers have come from IEDs. Ninety percent of those IEDs were created by Iran. 
Then, as we talked about in this nuclear negotiation, Iran has got to be limited to the amount of centrifuges for their peaceful nuclear program. 
program, you need tens of thousands of centrifuges to produce nuclear material to run nuclear reactors; yet, in this deal, we are only limiting them to 5,000 centrifuges. You only need a few thousand centrifuges to create nuclear weapons. It just doesn’t match up. 
there should be a mutual benefit. I see no benefit for America. 
Again, talking to the experts in Foreign Affairs, I asked them this question: With our negotiation with Iran, where we have given into everything and we have got nothing—keep in mind, we are supposedly the lone superpower of the world—when you go into a negotiation like this and you are operating from a level of weakness and not strength, how does that affect us around the world community? 
The experts told me that it has weakened America’s standing in the world. It has weakened our negotiation power in the world. It has weakened and threatened our security in the Western Hemisphere. 
I agree with Mr. COLLINS . I hope the 
President is listening, but I am sure he is not; I hope Mr. Kerry is listening, but I am sure he is not, but I hope this message gets to them—that, if they are going to negotiate for America, they should negotiate from a point of strength, a point for what is right, not just for our country, but for the Middle East and for the rest of the world because, if America is not strong and if we do not stand strong, there is not a secure world. 
for bringing this up because this is a debate the American people need to 
hear. I hope they put pressure on the people in charge of this and bring this negotiation—as they have said over and over again, a bad deal they will not stand for—this is a bad deal, and this is something they need to walk away from. 
need to block this in any way that we can. I will not, I shall not, and I cannot support this because what I see is we are trying to prevent that which we can’t, instead of preparing for that which will be. 
Dr. YOHO, and I think you laid out the 
chronology of the long timetable of the deceit that Iran has been dealing with in terms of their nuclear program. 
Speaker, who joined tonight’s Special Order to discuss Iran’s nuclear negotiations that are going on in Vienna as we speak. After missing deadline after deadline and allowing for extension after extension, we are now hearing that these negotiations may be open ended. 
proper oversight on any proposed deal and to reject any deal that is not in the best interests of our national security or the security and stability of the entire region. 
submitted for congressional review before tomorrow, then Congress only has a 30day review period. However, if this deal is submitted after tomorrow, we will have 60 days to review the terms of the agreement. 
an additional 30 days of review? If this deal is so good, as the administration keeps telling us, then it should be strong enough to stand up to congressional review and congressional scrutiny; but the administration knows just how weak this deal will be. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s review, as my colleagues have done, how far back we have slid from conditions that we placed on Iran when we started and how much the P5+1 countries have caved through its concessions to this rogue and dangerous regime. 
United Nations Security Council resolutions against Iran and its nuclear program. Each one of those resolutions puts restrictions on Iran and calls for a complete stop on uranium enrichment, a complete stop. 
had a right to enrich under the nonproliferation treaty, the NPT, to which it is a signatory, but of course, all of these alleged rights should have been forfeited once it was discovered that Iran had been in violation of the nonproliferation treaty and other international obligations for decades because it has been operating a covert nuclear program; yet the P5+1 countries inexplicably ceded the socalled right to Iran. 
stated: ‘‘Iran must comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions and make clear it is willing to meet its responsibilities as a member of the community of nations.’’ 
President has caved on that commitment. The President has repeatedly stated in the past that Iran doesn’t need to have a fortified underground facility in Fordo, a heavy water reactor in Arak, or some of the other advanced centrifuges that they currently possess in order to have a peaceful nuclear program; yet where are we now? 
its capacity to produce and store heavy water while continuing to not just operate advanced centrifuges, Mr. Speaker, but to also test and conduct research and development on them as well—how far we have moved those goalposts. There is also a serious and dangerous 
issue of the possible military dimensions, PMD, and Iran’s past nuclear activity. 
confirmed what we long suspected, that disclosure of past nuclear activity is no longer a musthave for this administration in this nuclear deal. 
doesn’t demand that Iran at least come clean about the extent of its program going to be a good deal, Mr. Speaker? Don’t forget that the Supreme Leader has also repeatedly stated that Iran’s military sites would not be accessible to international inspectors. 
Let’s not forget one of the most important things here, the ultimate gift we have given Iran. This deal will help legitimize this rogue regime that will not only allow Iran to be viewed as a responsible nation, but it is no longer going to be the pariah state. We are going to say it is a trusted member of the international community, and we have done that. We have granted that legitimacy with these conversations. 
don’t hear any words to the contrary— that Iran may receive a $50 billion signing bonus, as if this is the NFL draft, a signing bonus which it will then use to support terror, which it will use to foment instability, which it will use to stoke sectarian tensions, which it will use to continue to threaten Israel, which it will continue to undermine U.S. national security interests. 
Mr. Speaker, that is what their signing bonus will do. That is what sanctions relief will do. If the United States is willing to overlook all of these transgressions, all of these crimes, and negotiate a deal with Iran without pressing for changes in its actions, then it will be seen as an endorsement of those actions. 
Mr. Speaker, we have every indication that we are not going to get what any of us would remotely consider to be even a halfway good deal. The requirements for a good deal went out the window when the negotiators allowed Iran to maintain its entire nuclear infrastructure and continue to enrich uranium. 
our proper oversight and review and reject any nuclear deal that we feel is not in the best interests of our U.S. national security. If we do that, we must move swiftly to reimpose any sanctions that have been suspended, any sanctions that have been waived against the regime, and to ensure that all sanctions are fully and vigorously enforced. Then we must move to enact additional sanctions on the regime until it meets its international obligations and abandons its pursuit of an illicit nuclear weapons program. Once upon a time, that was the goal. 
From the very beginning, Mr. Speaker, I have been saying that Iran is following the North Korean playbook: offering to negotiate in return for concessions but never delivering on anything tangible, only to break off when they no longer need what we have been giving them. 
‘‘RosLehtinen: Obama Still Trying to SweetTalk Iran Out of Building the Bomb,’’ and I was talking about the North Korea deal and how that dovetails with the Iranian deal. I wrote of the dangers of the Obama administration’s naive view that if we keep talking, if we keep engaging with this rogue regime, then Iran will stop its drive for nuclear capability. 
this is what we are witnessing today, Mr. Speaker, that the Iranians will give the impression that a deal will be likely only to then pull away, that Iran benefits from dragging out the negotiations as long as possible because, as Mr. COLLINS of Georgia said, the centrifuges are still spinning, and they want to provide its nuclear program extra time in order to convince the world that an agreement is possible, leaving the administration and the EU to quietly ease sanctions enough to revive the stagnant Iranian economy that had been on the brink of collapse thanks to the sanctions that Congress placed on them; because that was the intent and the purpose and the objective of the sanctions, not to get them to negotiate, but to collapse their economy so that they could not pour money into their terrorist activities and their covert nuclear program. 
But what we are seeing now is the administration and other P5+1 countries will allow the terms of the JPOA and, thus, the easing of sanctions to continue to be in place despite having overextended several deadlines. Iran never had any intention of coming to a real agreement, and we would be foolhardy to believe that it does now, not when it is already getting everything it wants. Why should they concede anything now? 
will say yes to a deal is if it is so bad and so weak that Iran would be stupid and silly to walk away from it. Yet that is precisely what we are looking at right now, Mr. Speaker. Either Iran keeps dangling an agreement in front of the P5+1 and continues to get more sanctions relief, or the P5+1 completely and utterly capitulates to Iranian demands. 
Speaker, to reject any deal that we view to be weak, any deal that we perceive to be a bad deal, any deal that is not in the interests of our U.S. national security interests. 
on this false binary notion that tells you that it is either this deal—no matter how bad it is—or going to war. That has been a fundamental misunderstanding of the purpose of the Iranian sanctions themselves. The fact that 
some believe that Iranian sanctions were designed only to get Iran to the negotiation table could not be further from the truth. The Iranian sanctions were designed to force the region to abandon completely its nuclear weapons ambitions, to give up its enrichment, and to dismantle its nuclear program. 
I am the author of several Iran sanctions bills, including the toughest set of sanctions against this terrible regime that are currently on the books right now. Sanctions, I might remind my colleagues and the American people, that the Obama administration fought us every step of the way or until it was clear that the administration could not stop our sanctions from becoming law, and then they said, Okay, we will accept them. So there is an alternative to these misguided talks. 
my Special Order tonight, Mr. Speaker. We must abandon these talks that are just patently a farce. We immediately reinstate all sanctions against Iran that have been eased, that have been waived, that have been lifted, and that have been ignored by the Obama administration and enact even tougher sanctions on the regime. 
We were on the brink until Iran received the lifeline that it needed. We gave it to them, and now we are the ones dangling on it as Iran’s economy is being brought back to life because of sanctions relief, and the regime has been gaining concession after concession while never once making any change that would substantially and significantly set back its nuclear ambitions. 
conclude with this: Reinstating and strengthening these sanctions, coupled with the credible threat that all options are on the table, including the military option, could act as the deterrent, but only if Iran recognizes that we are in a position of strength. That is why it is important that this body speak up. That is why it is important that we reject any deal we find to be insufficient, but we must also not let billions of dollars flow to the Iranian regime. We must start passing legislation that would impose tougher sanctions. 
our national security. I urge my colleagues to remain engaged on this issue. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
MCCARTHY ) for July 7 and today on account of a family obligation. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, 
H.R. 91. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, July 9, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2067. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Defining Larger Participants of the Automobile Financing Market and Defining Certain Automobile Leasing Activity as a Financial Product or Service [Docket No.: 
2076. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Revisions to the California State Implementation Plan, Feather River Air Quality Management District 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter regarding commitments in the Joint Plan of Action, pursuant to the National Defense Authorization Act 
2087. A letter from the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas 2014 management report and financial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Specialist, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting three reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, General Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Clarification on Justification for Urgent Noncompetitive Awards Exceeding One Year [FAC 200583; FAR Case 2014020; Item IV; Docket No.: 20140020, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000AM86) received July 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, General Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Update to Product and Service Codes [FAC 200583; FAR Case 2015008; Item III; Docket No.: 20150008, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000AN08) received July 
Chair, and Commissioner, United States Election Assistance Commission, transmitting the 2014 Election Assistance Commission’s (EAC) Election Administration and Voting Survey (EAVS) Comprehensive Report; to the Committee on House Administration. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Commercial Repayment Center in Fiscal Year 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Resolution 350. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–193). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
FATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. K IND, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
MOORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S WALWELL  
TORRES , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. 
to higher education for America’s students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. K IND, Mr. I SRAEL , 
TAKANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. E STY, 
NORTON , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. B RADY  
H.R. 2963. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage domestic insourcing and discourage foreign outsourcing; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Federal, State, and local assistance in the enforcement of the immigration laws, to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act, to authorize appropriations to carry out the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. 
with Disabilities Education Act to provide certain exceptions to the maintenance of effort requirement for local educational agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2966. A bill to amend the purposes of 
TANF to include reducing poverty by increasing employment entry, retention, and advancement; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2967. A bill to develop a database of 
projects that are proven or promising in terms of moving welfare recipients into work; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2968. A bill to provide for the conduct 
of demonstration projects to provide coordinated case management services for TANF recipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
participation rate for 2parent families receiving TANF assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and 
H.R. 2970. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax on domestic manufacturing income to 20 percent; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2971. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to bring certainty to the funding of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. E LLISON, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. F ARR, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. R YAN 
PINGREE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
H.R. 2972. A bill to ensure affordable abortion coverage and care for every woman, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2973. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require for purposes of education tax credit that the student be lawfully present and that the taxpayer provide 
the social security number of the student and the employer identification number of the educational institution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2974. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to increase the duration of followup care provided under the Veterans Choice Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2975. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to ensure that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs repays the misused benefits of veterans with fiduciaries; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, 
Mr. L EVIN, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. E NGEL , 
‘‘wives’’ and ’’husbands’’ in Federal law with references to ‘‘spouses’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
NADLER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
H.R. 2977. A bill to ensure the privacy and 
security of sensitive personal information, to prevent and mitigate identity theft, to provide notice of security breaches involving sensitive personal information, and to enhance law enforcement assistance and other protections against security breaches, fraudulent access, and misuse of personal information; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
KUSTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
ROYCE , Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T HOMP SONof California, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. W ELCH , and Mrs. B USTOS ): 
H.R. 2978. A bill to require the Treasury to 
mint coins in commemoration of the Sesquicentennial Anniversary of the adoption of the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which officially marked the abolishment of slavery in the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
ELLISON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. N ORTON, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C APUANO , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
H.R. 2979. A bill to allow the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection to provide greater protection to servicemembers; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2980. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 400th anniversary of arrival of the Pilgrims; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2981. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide that congressional testimony by Department of Veterans Affairs employees is official duty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2982. A bill to amend title I of the National Housing Act to modify premium charges and the dollar amount limitation on loans for financing alterations, repairs, and improvements to, or conversion of, existing structures, including energy efficiency or water conserving home improvements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. 
California, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. T ITUS, 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
H.R. 2983. A bill to provide drought assistance and improved water supply reliability to the State of California, other western States, and the Nation; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, Science, Space, and Technology, Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
NEAL, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. K INZINGER of 
Illinois, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M OULTON , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. C LARK  
KUSTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C APUANO , and 
Power Act to provide that any inaction by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that allows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Commission for purposes of rehearing and court review; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2985. A bill to require Federal law enforcement agencies to report to Congress serious crimes, authorized as well as unauthorized, committed by their confidential informants; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2986. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, with respect to certain tort claims arising out of the criminal misconduct of confidential informants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of New York, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. L UETKE MEYER ): 
Stability Act of 2010 to clarify the treatment of certain debt and equity instruments of smaller institutions for purposes of capital requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
of North Carolina, Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. P OCAN ): 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish a grant program to fund additional school social workers and retain school social workers already employed in highneed local educational agencies; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida (for himself, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. 
parties of South Sudan to resolve their conflict peacefully, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
goals and ideals of Family, Career and Community Leaders of America; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding hydroelectric power; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for the designation of a ‘‘Prisoners of Conscience Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. R UIZ, 
H. Res. 353. A resolution honoring the accomplishments and legacy of Juan Felipe Herrera; to the Committee on House Administration. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2962. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2963. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2964. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2965. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be 
necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2966. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2968. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2969. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2970. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall 
H.R. 2971. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
H.R. 2972. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 2973. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2974. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2975. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2976. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution and section 5 of Amendment XIV to the Constitution. 
H.R. 2977. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2978. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 The Congress shall have Power to coin 
Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures. 
H.R. 2979. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 2980. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;’’ 
H.R. 2981. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2982. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Excution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office thereof. 
H.R. 2983. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof 
shall be drawn from the treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 2984. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—to provide for the general welfare, and to regulate commerce among the states. 
H.R. 2985. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2986. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2987. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
According to Aricle I Section 8 of the U.S. 
Constitution, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Governance of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof.’’ Under Article 1 Section 8 clauses 2 and 5 of the Constitution, Congress possesses the authority to ‘‘borrow Money on the credit of the United States,’’ and ‘‘coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standards of weights and measures’’. Given the Congressional authorities enumerated above, I submit the attached legislation. 
H.R. 2988. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2989. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
with foreign nations, & among the several states, and with indian tribes; to make all laws which shall be necessary & proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers— 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 167: Mr. C OURTNEY and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 213: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 353: Mr. P ERRY and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 465: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 540: Mr. R USSELL and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 556: Ms. T SONGAS and Ms. B ROWNLEY  
H.R. 602: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 692: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. N EUGE BAUER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 700: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. L ARSEN of 
H.R. 703: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 953: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 985: Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
HASTINGS , Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and 
H.R. 1027: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
DOLD, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
H.R. 1100: Mr. W ALKER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. 
H.R. 1112: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. L YNCH , and 
H.R. 1130: Mr. H ONDA and Miss R ICEof New 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
H.R. 1178: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
PETERSON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. L ARSEN  
FARENTHOLD , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. V EASEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
H.R. 1475: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ALADAO , and 
H.R. 1655: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mrs. 
H.R. 1688: Mr. K ILDEE and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1717: Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. D INGELL , and 
H.R. 1733: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. P ETERS on, Mrs. T ORRES , and 
H.R. 1814: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. E STY, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
H.R. 1853: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Ms. J UDYCHU 
H.R. 1942: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 1969: Mrs. B USTOS and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2083: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 2259: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 2285: Mr. K ATKO . 
SLAUGHTER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , 
H.R. 2355: Mr. L EVIN and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2407: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 2410: Ms. A DAMS and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2429: Ms. L EE, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. 
H.R. 2449: Mr. K EATING , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. H IMES, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2466: Mr. D ESANTIS and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 2521: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. J EFFRIES , and 
H.R. 2590: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
BERA, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. C OLLINS of New 
H.R. 2653: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. H ARPER , and 
H.R. 2675: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. S HIMKUS and Mr. K INGof 
H.R. 2713: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C APUANO , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 2742: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ISHOP  
PERRY , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mrs. 
H.R. 2805: Mr. C ARNEY and Miss R ICEof 
H.R. 2824: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
POCAN , Mr. D OLD, and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 2863: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2867: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. 
H.R. 2905: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, 
Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
H.R. 2937: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B ARLETTA , and 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. K INGof Iowa and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. N EALand Mr. P OLIS. H.J. Res. 55: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. G RIFFITH. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. C OOPER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 57: Ms. E STY. H. Res. 24: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H. Res. 294: Mr. S IRES, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
H. Res. 310: Ms. R OSLEHTINEN and Mr. T ED 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4805 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 2015 No. 105 