to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S TEFANIK ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. STEFANIK led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
that great things come in small packages, and that could not be more true of the Reagan sisters of Rogers, Arkansas. I rise today in gratitude to them. 
Lynn Reagan were born and raised in northwest Arkansas and attended the University of ArkansasFayetteville. 
pursue a career in library science, Mary Sue and Betty Lynn, who stood about 5 feet tall, were giants in the classroom, spending a combined 94 years teaching history and government to students in the Rogers School District. 
Throughout their distinguished careers, both were decorated with countless awards and accolades, and in 1989 the city of Rogers named its newest school Reagan Elementary as a token of our appreciation for their dedication to our students and their faithful support of the community. As their former mayor, I can attest to both. 
Although these most respected members of our community have passed on, they won’t soon be forgotten, and now their legacies will live on at the U of A, as it was announced on Monday that the sisters, in a final tribute to northwest Arkansas education, designated a $1.2 million estate gift to support the libraries of their alma mater. 
Reagan sisters made northwest Arkansas a better place, and for that, we are eternally grateful. 
must not display the Confederate battle flag in any Federal park or cemetery or building. The Confederate flag represents racism, slavery, and treason, waging war against the United States, killing American soldiers. 
We are told it represents the Southern heritage. It does represent part of the Southern, of the American heritage, a shameful part: the defense of slavery, of owning people body and soul, of the doctrine of racial superiority, and the practice of racial oppression. 
shameful parts of their heritages. Germany, for example, has a Nazi heritage. The Germans are properly ashamed of it. They prohibit, by law, the display of Nazi imagery. The First Amendment won’t let us go that far, but we should not honor the shameful parts of our history. 
to eradicate racism from American life, we must no longer honor racism and treason by allowing the Confederate flag on any Federal property. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, the 21st Century Cures initiative has a lot of positive measures to help medical innovation reach its full potential. I would like to focus on just one of the many reasons to support this legislation. 
the family of Garrett Coyne, staunch advocates for cures for rare diseases. Garrett is a 5yearold resident of Gilbertsville, who 10 months ago was diagnosed with a rare neurodegenerative disorder often called Batten disease. Garrett was born and developed normally, but since September the disease has left him legally blind and has greatly weakened his physical and mental abilities. Unfortunately, Batten disease presently has no treatment, no cure, and is not preventable. 
his family is daunting, there is hope. It is because of provisions in the 21st Century bill that researchers will have the tools to work toward developing medical advancement for Batten disease. 
and increasing NIH funding, a more promising future for patients, families, and innovators is in front of us. I am supporting the 21st Century Cures bill for many reasons, but the main one is 
this effort to help children, like 5year old Garrett and other constituents in my district who are challenged daily with the struggles of a rare disease. I encourage my colleagues to join me. 
THE CONFEDERATE FLAG BELONGS IN THE ASHBIN OF HISTORY 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to condemn House Republicans’ secretive attempt in the dead of Wednesday night to permit the display of the racist Confederate flag in national parks and cemeteries. 
In the wake of the Charleston murders, our Nation is moving toward the removal of the flag from public places. Later today, the State of South Carolina will remove the flag from its capitol grounds. And yet, while this is happening, the Republican majority has sought to associate itself and this body with the racist legacy of the Confederate flag. 
when House Democrats tried to bring up a resolution removing any State flag displaying the Confederate battle flag from the Capitol except in very limited circumstances, the majority turned their backs and ignored the cries of millions of Americans who are calling for its permanent ban. 
ashamed for associating themselves with this symbol of racism, hatred, and intolerance. This body should move swiftly to relegate the Confederate flag to museums and the ashbin of history. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
were you doing last night at midnight? If you were like me and most Americans, you were probably asleep. 
sleeping, the White House was busy. The White House was busy notifying the public, literally in the dark of the night, about the President’s intentions to designate more than 700,000 acres of Lincoln and Nye Counties as the Basin and Range National Monument. 
Madam Speaker, at 2 p.m. this afternoon, you won’t see a debate on the floor of the House, the people’s House, on the Basin and Range Monument. There will be no vote for Nevada’s elected representatives, but there will be a photo op to capture the exchange of political favor for one Nevadan. It will be a scene demonstrating that having friends in high places is more important than popular will of the people. But legacy building in the twilight of 
one’s career shouldn’t be the driver for our Nation’s public lands. According to press reports, it is said when asked about the heartfelt concerns of Nevadans who oppose the monument, the President responded: ‘‘I don’t care. I want this done.’’ 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, when it comes to the highway trust fund, it feels like the movie ‘‘Groundhog Day’’ over and over again, where once again we are faced with the expiration of this important fund. 
of Transportation report that 54 percent of our roads and highways are deemed to be poor, one in four bridges are structurally deficient, and we need to fund this highway trust fund at its full capacity, and we need to do it on a longterm basis. We can’t continue to do it on a shortterm basis. It is not helpful to our State and local governments. We can’t get projects off the ground. 
I request that the Republican majority put a bill on the floor that funds the highway trust fund on a longterm basis. And we know that this will help our Nation, because for every dollar we invest in infrastructure, we get over $2 back in economic output. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I have long opposed reductions in our military, and I continue to believe that our Nation should maintain a robust land force. The announcement to reduce the Army by 40,000 troops sends the worst possible message to our Nation’s adversaries. Cuts that extend into heavy armored combat units go even further to weaken our national defense and put us at risk. 
the Army’s plan to cut so heavily from Fort Hood and the State of Texas. The Army’s decision to implement a roughly 9 percent reduction at the Great Place is outrageous. I have serious concerns about the logic and analysis that went into this decision to reduce so many troops from Texas. 
the whole matter, however, is the damage these cuts will do to the soldiers and their families who will be asked to leave the Army after decades of sacrifice in time of war. In the coming days, I will be pressing the Army for clarification on their analysis and justification for their decisions. 
here we are once again. I rise to ask my colleagues to pass a longterm—a longterm—reauthorization to the highway trust fund before it crashes into a dead end, to the very worst that can happen to America. 
Washington. It is what everybody detests: the lack of predictability; we will just kick the can down the road a little bit further. This is exactly what hurts our economy. Nobody can plan for what is going to happen in the next few months, let alone the next few years. 
down. Don’t put a sign that says, ‘‘Closed due to lack of construction.’’ 
killing jobs in America, and I ask for us to pass a longterm bill. I know in Washington long term might seem a day or two. We are just asking for 6 years, to give predictability so our highways are the best that they can be, that we can have our commerce. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Madam Speaker, yesterday, Committee on Foreign Affairs Chairman ED 
ENGEL , conducted an informative hearing on the implications of the nuclear agreement with Iran. 
The witnesses who provided enlightening testimony were the Honorable Stephen Rademaker, Dr. Michael Doran, Dr. Michael Makovsky, and Dr. Kenneth Pollack. Their varying opinions confirm my concerns, as expressed in a July 6 editorial from The Washington Post: 
a nuclear deal with Iran will be, at best, an unsatisfying and risky compromise. Iran’s emergence as a threshold nuclear power, with the ability to produce a weapon quickly, will not be prevented; it will be postponed by 10 to 15 years. In exchange, Tehran will reap hundreds of billions of dollars in sanctions relief it can use to revive its economy and fund the wars it is waging around the Middle East.’’ 
and recognize that moral relativism is dangerous with opponents who promote ‘‘Death to America, Death to Israel.’’ The President can avoid a legacy of fanatics with nuclear warheads on ICBMs targeting American families. 
and the President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. b0915 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
we are less than 3 weeks away from the expiration of the national highway trust fund, and we are, once again, talking about another extension. 
Transportation Association estimates that Congress’ failure to come up with a longterm plan has cost State of Michigan taxpayers more than $350 million. We have ample time and multiple plans to fix this problem. Which plan do you like? 
the Department of Transportation’s GROW America Act, which raises $478 billion over 6 years? Or Michigan’s Getting Beyond Gridlock plan that raises $410 billion over 6 years? 
taxes. Democrats don’t want to hurt the middle class or the lowerincome families, but we must make those choices. We must take the vote, and we must keep our promise to America to fix our infrastructure. It is time to act. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material therein on H.R. 6. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 350 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes, with Ms. FOXX(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, July 9, 2015, all time for general debate had expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–22 is adopted. 
The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5 minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Trial Registry Data Bank on eligibility for clinical trials. 
Subtitle I—Orphan Product Extensions Now; Incentives for Certain Products for Limited Populations 
drug approved for a new indication for a rare disease or condition. 
for in vitro diagnostics. Subtitle N—Sensible Oversight for Technology 
boards for review of investigational device exemptions and human device exemptions. 
transition from traditional xray imaging to digital radiography and other Medicare imaging payment provision. 
amounts made available from the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund for a fiscal year— 
(ii) not less than 35 percent of such amounts 
(iii) not less than 20 percent of such amounts 
remaining after subtracting the allocation for the Accelerating Advancement Program shall be for highrisk, highreward research under section 409K of the Public Health Service Act, as added by section 1028; and 
(iv) not more than 10 percent of such amounts 
(without subtracting the allocation for the Accelerating Advancement Program) shall be for intramural research; and 
Amounts in the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund (including amounts made available to the National Institutes of Health) shall not be subject to— 
section 223 of division G of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2008 (42 U.S.C. 3514a). 
(ii) funding is tied to pursuit of such project 
(ii) funding is not tied to a specific project or 
Act, as added by section 1123 (relating to data on natural history of diseases). 
such section (relating to development and use of patient experience data to enhance structured riskbenefit assessment framework). 
such section (relating to qualification of drug development tools). 
such section (relating to utilizing evidence from clinical experience). 
such section (relating to priority review for breakthrough devices). 
amendments made by such sections (relating to health software). 
and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 2223 (relating to training and oversight in least burdensome appropriate means concept). 
research institutes, the national centers, and other departments, agencies, and offices of the Federal Government; and 
The Director of the National Institutes of Health shall establish a program, to be known as the Accelerating Advancement Program, under which— 
Institutes of Health shall ensure that scientifically based strategic planning is implemented in support of research priorities, including through development, use, and updating of a research strategic plan that— 
focus areas, in which the resources of the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund can contribute to the goals of expanding knowledge to address, and find more effective treatments for, unmet medical needs in the United States, including 
(IV) antibiotics; (iii) includes objectives for each such strategic 
amounts otherwise made available to the Department of Health and Human Services; 
awarded only once, a substantial, competing grant by the National Institutes of Health for independent research; and 
effective focus of biomedical research in a manner that leverages the best scientific opportunities through a deliberative planning process; 
focus areas, in which the resources of the National Institutes of Health can best contribute to the goal of expanding knowledge on human health in the United States through biomedical research; and 
‘‘(iii) includes objectives for each such strategic focus area. 
the research activities of each of the national research institutes and national centers that— 
the resources of the national research institutes and national centers can best contribute to the goal of expanding knowledge on human health in the United States through biomedical research. 
United States public through the investments of the National Institutes of Health in biomedical research; and 
improve the United States public’s health through biomedical research; and 
Institutes of Health strategic focus areas, to be known as Mission Priority Focus Areas, which best serve the goals of preventing or eliminating the burden of a disease or condition and scientifically merit enhanced and focused research over the next 5 years. 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Director of NIH and the directors of the national research institutes and national centers shall— 
available on the website of the National Institutes of Health. 
5year period covered by the initial strategic plan under this subsection, and every 5 years thereafter, the Director of NIH, in consultation with the directors of the national research institutes and national centers, stakeholders in the scientific field, advocates, and the public at large, shall— 
research institute or national center may be removed from office by the Director of NIH prior to the expiration of such director’s 5year term. 
of a director of a national research institute or national center, the director may be reappointed. There is no limit on the number of terms a director may serve. 
a national research institute or national center becomes vacant before the end of such director’s term, the director appointed to fill the vacancy shall be appointed for a 5year term starting on the date of such appointment. 
of a national research institute or national center serving on the date of enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act is deemed to be appointed for a 5year term under this subsection starting on such date of enactment.’’. 
research institute or by a national center for a grant for a research program or project (commonly referred to as an ‘Rseries grant’), other than an award constituting a noncompeting renewal of such grant, or a noncompeting administrative supplement to such grant, the director of such national research institute or national center— 
‘‘(ii) whether other agencies are funding programs or projects to accomplish the same goal.’’. 
Health and Human Services shall enter into an arrangement with the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies (or, if the Institute declines, another appropriate entity) under which the Institute (or other appropriate entity) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act will— 
biomedical research conducted or supported by Federal agencies is duplicative; and 
OFMEASURES TOREDUCE ADMINISTRATIVE BURDENS.—The Director of the National Institutes 
of Health shall prepare a plan, including time frames, and implement measures to reduce the administrative burdens of researchers funded by the National Institutes of Health, taking into account the recommendations, evaluations, and plans researched by the following entities: 
in or sponsorship of scientific conferences and meetings is essential to the mission of the National Institutes of Health. 
Director of the Center shall have other transactions authority in entering into transactions to fund projects in accordance with the terms and conditions of this section.’’; 
Part B of title IV of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 284 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
research projects that pursue innovative approaches to major contemporary challenges in biomedical research that involve inherent high risk, but have the potential to lead to breakthroughs; and 
to be determined by the Director of NIH for each national research institute, for such projects.’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that the National 
Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities (NIMHD) should include within its strategic plan ways to increase representation of underrepresented communities in clinical trials. 
Public Health Service (42 U.S.C. 288 et seq.) is amended— 
(42 U.S.C. 288–6; relating to pediatric research loan repayment program) as section 487G; and 
extent inconsistent with this section, the provisions of sections 338B, 338C, and 338E shall apply to the program established under this section to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply to the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program established under section 338B. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institutes of Health shall submit to Congress a report on efforts of the National Institutes of Health to attract, retain, and develop emerging scientists. 
Part G of title IV of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 288 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
awards (each of which, hereafter in this section, referred to as a ‘Capstone Award’) to support outstanding scientists who have been funded by the National Institutes of Health. 
made to facilitate the successful transition or conclusion of research programs, or for other purposes, as determined by the Director of NIH, in consultation with the directors of the national research institutes and national centers. 
and amount of each Capstone Award shall be determined by the Director of NIH in consultation with the directors of the national research institutes and national centers. 
encourage a global pediatric clinical study network through the allocation of grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to supplement the salaries of new and early investigators who participate in the global pediatric clinical study network; 
engage the European Medicines Agency and other foreign regulatory entities during the formation of the global pediatric clinical study network to encourage their participation; and 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institutes of Health shall convene a workshop of experts on pediatrics and experts on geriatrics to provide input on— 
CONCLUSIONS .—The Director of the National Institutes of Health shall— 
public on such website the number of children included in research that is conducted or supported by the National Institutes of Health, disaggregated by developmentally appropriate age group, race, and gender. 
‘‘(iii) exclusion criteria such as specific diagnosis or diagnoses, laboratory values, or prohibited medications; and 
this paragraph, make use of standard health care terminologies, such as the International Classification of Diseases or the Current Procedural Terminology, that facilitate electronic matching to data in electronic health records or other relevant health information technologies.’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with stakeholders (including patients, researchers, physicians, industry representatives, health information technology providers, the Food and Drug Administration, and standard setting organizations such as CDISC that have 
through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs and the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall enter into a cooperative agreement, contract, or grant for a period of 7 years, to be known as the Clinical Trial Data System Agreement, with one or more eligible entities to implement a pilot program with respect to all clinical trial data obtained from qualified clinical trials for purposes of registered users conducting further research on such data. 
enter into a cooperative agreement, contract, or grant with the Secretary under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application in such time and manner, and containing such information, as the Secretary may require in accordance with this section. The Secretary shall not enter into a cooperative agreement, contract, or grant under this section with an eligible entity unless such entity submits an application including the following: 
not currently and does not plan to be involved in sponsoring, operating, or participating in a 
clinical trial nor collaborating with another entity for the purposes of sponsoring, operating, or participating in a clinical trial. 
entity can compile clinical trial data in standardized formats using terminologies and standards that have been developed by recognized standards developing organizations with input from diverse stakeholder groups, and information demonstrating that the eligible entity can deidentify clinical trial data consistent with the requirements of section 164.514 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
eligible entity to ensure that registered users disseminate the results of the research conducted in accordance with this section to interested parties to serve as a guide to future medical product development or scientific research. 
funding for the activities it would conduct under the clinical trial data system agreement from governmental sources and private foundations, entities, and individuals. 
with medical product manufacturers, academic institutions, and the Food and Drug Administration; and 
accessed such data, disaggregated by research area and clinical trial phase. 
raised any concerns about the burden of having to share data with the system established under the program and, if so, a description of such concerns. 
that has experienced personnel with clinical and other technical expertise in the biomedical sciences and biomedical ethics and that is— 
such term is defined in section 1001 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) or a consortium of such institutions; or 
clinical trial sponsored solely by an agency of the Department of Health and Human Services with respect to a medical product— 
(ii) was licensed under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262) or has an exemption for investigational use in effect under such section 351; or 
which the original development was discontinued and with respect to which— 
development program has provided its consent to the Secretary for inclusion of data regarding such product in the system established under this section. 
for accessing information from the clinical trials data system and has appropriate qualifications to conduct such research; and 
other person that is not a registered user de identified clinical trial data from qualified clinical trials accessed through an eligible entity, use such data for reasons not specified in the research proposal, or seek to reidentify qualified clinical trial participants. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and in coordination 
with other agencies as determined appropriate by the Secretary, shall— 
activities to track the epidemiology of neurological diseases, including multiple sclerosis and Parkinson’s disease; and 
such activities into a statistically sound, scientifically credible, integrated surveillance system, to be known as the National Neurological Diseases Surveillance System. 
that the National Neurological Diseases Surveillance System is designed in a manner that facilitates further research on neurological diseases. 
the collection and storage of other available information on neurological diseases, such as information concerning— 
grants to, or enter into contracts or cooperative agreements with, public or private nonprofit entities to carry out activities under this section. 
such as the National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug Administration, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Department of Defense; and 
date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress concerning the implementation of this section. Such report shall include information on— 
‘national voluntary health association’ means a national nonprofit organization with chapters, other affiliated organizations, or networks in States throughout the United States. 
carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
Congress that studies on the natural history of diseases can help to facilitate and expedite the development of medical products for such diseases. 
amounts of data as more studies are carried out; and 
patient advocacy groups, and other entities with respect to— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
XIII of division A of Public Law 111–5) is amended by adding at the end of subtitle D of such Act (42 U.S.C. 17921 et seq.) the following: 
to part 160 or part 164, as appropriate, of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation). 
Rule so that the disclosure may be made by the covered entity to only— 
operations (as defined in section 164.501 of part 164); 
shall not be construed as prohibiting or restricting a use or disclosure of protected health information for research purposes that is otherwise permitted under part 164. 
or clarify the Rule to specify that an authorization for the use or disclosure of protected health information, with respect to an individual, for future research purposes shall be deemed to contain a sufficient description of the purpose of the use or disclosure if the authorization— 
that it would be reasonable for the individual to expect that the protected health information could be used or disclosed for such future research; 
on a particular date or on the occurrence of a particular event; or 
valid unless and until it is revoked by the individual; and 
such Act is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to subtitle D the following new items: 
health information for research similarly to disclosures of such information for public health purposes. 
of use and disclosure of protected health information for research purposes.’’. 
Title II of the Public Health Service Act (42 
U.S.C. 202 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Council for 21st Century Cures (referred to in this part as the ‘Council’) shall be established in accordance with this section. The Council shall be a publicprivate partnership headed by an Executive Director (referred to in this part as the ‘Executive Director’), appointed by the members of the Board of Directors. The Council shall not be an agency or instrumentality of the United States Government. 
the discovery, development, and delivery in the United States of innovative cures, treatments, and preventive measures for patients. 
among the entities that comprise the Council, including academia, government agencies, industry, health care payors and providers, patient advocates, and others engaged in the cycle of discovery, development, and delivery of life saving and healthenhancing innovative interventions; 
not duplicate the efforts of, nonprofit organizations and other publicprivate partnerships; and 
with organizations operating outside of the United States, such as the Innovative Medicines Initiative of the European Union. 
members of the Board shall be the following individuals or their designees: 
‘‘(ii) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(iii) The Administrator of the Centers for 
deemed by the Secretary to be engaged in biomedical research and development. 
members of the Board shall consist of 17 individuals, of whom— 
General of the United States from a list of nominations submitted by leading trade associations— 
‘‘(II) 2 of whom shall be representatives of the 
‘‘(II) 3 of whom shall be representatives of patients; 
selected by the members of the Board by majority vote from among the members of the Board. 
days after the date on which the Council is incorporated and its Board of Directors is fully constituted, the Board of Directors shall establish bylaws and policies for the Council that— 
standards, for the conduct of programs and other activities under section 281D; and 
not later than 3 months after the incorporation of the Council— 
as the ‘agenda’) outlining how the Council will achieve the purpose described in section 281A; and 
later than 6 months after the date of enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act— 
part, the Board of Directors shall establish such policies and bylaws, and the Executive Director 
shall carry out such activities, as may be necessary to ensure that the Council maintains status as an organization that— 
501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and 
Directors, be responsible for the daytoday management of the Council. 
a sufficient operational infrastructure to fulfill the duties specified in section 281B. 
Council may accept financial or inkind support from participating entities or private foundations or organizations when such support is deemed appropriate. 
the date on which the Council is established and each year thereafter, the Executive Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the performance of the Council. In preparing such report, the Council shall consult with a nongovernmental consultant with appropriate expertise. 
2023, there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 to the Council for purposes of carrying out the duties of the Council under this part.’’. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) is amended— 
and systematic approach to the discussion of, regulatory decisionmaking with respect to, and the communication of, the benefits and risks of new drugs. 
after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall establish and implement processes under which— 
collected by the entity, draft guidance documents, completed data, and summaries and analyses of such data; 
to submit such documents, data, and summaries and analyses; and 
such documents, data, or summaries and analyses by the Secretary; and 
(ii) on how the Secretary will use such documents, data, or summaries and analyses to update any guidance documents published under this subsection or publish new guidance; 
(II) the burden of living with or managing the 
(III) the impact of the disease on daily life 
(ii) the establishment and maintenance of registries designed to increase understanding of the natural history of a disease; 
used to assess patients’ beliefs with respect to the benefits and risks in the management of the patient’s disease; and 
of the Food and Drug Administration; and (iv) methodological experts with significant 
after the date on which the draft guidance is published under this subsection, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall convene a public meeting to solicit input on the guidance. 
benefit the availability of new medical therapies by helping to translate scientific discoveries into clinical applications. 
process, data standards and scientific approaches to data collection accepted by the medical and clinical research community for purposes of qualifying drug development tools; 
and qualifying drug development tools in key therapeutic areas; and 
databases for collecting relevant drug development tool data for such purposes; and 
and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 506F the following new section: 
submitting a letter of intent to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary accepts or declines to accept such letter of intent; 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary accepts or declines to accept the qualification plan; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines whether to accept such qualification package for review; and 
‘‘(iii) if the Secretary accepts such qualification package for review, the Secretary conducts such review in accordance with this section. 
to accept a qualification submission based on factors which may include the scientific merit of the submission and the available resources of 
biomedical research consortia and other expert stakeholders, of such a drug development tool and its proposed context of use as a public health priority. 
tool at issue is qualified for its proposed context of use. 
or modify a determination under this section to qualify a drug development tool if the Secretary determines that the drug development tool is not appropriate for the proposed context of use specified by the requestor. Such a determination may be based on new information that calls into question the basis for such qualification. 
the Secretary shall make publicly available, and update on at least a biannual basis, on the 
Internet website of the Food and Drug Administration the following: 
‘‘(ii) the date of the most recent change in 
were utilized in the development of a qualification plan or the review of a full qualification package; and 
approve or license products under this Act or the Public Health Service Act, as applicable (as in effect before the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act). 
means a characteristic (such as a physiologic, pathologic, or anatomic characteristic or measurement) that is objectively measured and evaluated as an indicator of normal biologic processes, pathologic processes, or biological responses to a therapeutic intervention; and 
term ‘clinical outcome assessment’ means a measurement of a patient’s symptoms, overall mental state, or the effects of a disease or condition on how the patient functions; and 
use’ means, with respect to a drug development tool, the circumstances under which the drug development tool is to be used in drug development and regulatory review. 
that the Secretary determines aids drug development and regulatory review for purposes of this section. 
‘patientreported outcome’ means a measurement based on a report from a patient regarding the status of the patient’s health condition without amendment or interpretation of the patient’s report by a clinician or any other person. 
an entity or entities, including a drug sponsor or a biomedical research consortia, seeking to qualify a drug development tool for a proposed context of use under this section. 
could be used to support traditional approval of a drug or biological product; or 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
seeking to qualify a drug development tool under such section shall observe when engaging in such process; 
(ii) outlines reasonable timeframes for the Secretary’s review of letters, qualification plans, or full qualification packages submitted under such process; and 
(iii) establishes a process by which such entities or the Secretary may consult with biomedical research consortia and other individuals and entities with expert knowledge and insights that may assist the Secretary in the review of qualification plans and full qualification submissions under such section; and 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue 
guidance under this subsection, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, in consultation with biomedical research consortia and other interested parties through a collaborative public process, establish a taxonomy for the classification of biomarkers (and related scientific concepts) for use in drug development. 
months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall make such taxonomy publicly available in draft form for public comment. The Secretary shall finalize the taxonomy not later than 12 months after the close of the public comment period. 
determined to be eligible for submission of a qualification plan or full qualification package (as such terms are defined in such subsection), respectively; 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356) is amended by adding the following subsection: 
on the surrogate endpoint that is the subject of the agreement that would be sufficient to form the primary basis of a claim that the drug is effective. 
longer sufficient to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the drug involved; or 
‘accelerated approval development plan’ means a development plan agreed upon by the Secretary and the sponsor submitting the plan that contains study parameters for the use of a surrogate endpoint that— 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356) is amended— 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 351 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
and periodically update guidance to assist sponsors in the development of a precision drug or biological product. Such guidance shall— 
to demonstrate the validity of a biomarker as a predictor of drug or biological product response; 
diagnostics in the context of a drug development program; and 
that inform prescribing decisions for a drug or biological product, and when information regarding a biomarker may be included in the approved prescription labeling for a precision drug or biological product. 
lifethreatening disease or condition and has been designated under section 526 as a drug for a rare disease or condition, the Secretary may— 
precision drug or biological product that is using the same or similar approach as that used to support approval of the prior approved application or license, as appropriate; and 
Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’), shall— 
Bayesian methods in the development and regulatory review and approval or licensure of drugs and biological products. 
the Secretary on technical issues related to modeling and simulations prior to— 
Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 505E of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355f) the following: 
from clinical experience’ means data regarding the usage, or the potential benefits or risks, of a drug derived from sources other than randomized clinical trials, including from observational studies, registries, and therapeutic use. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish a draft framework for implementation of the program under this section. 
through clinical experience, including ongoing safety surveillance, registry, claims, and patientcentered outcomes research activities; 
for collection and analysis of data generated through clinical experience; and 
and potential pilot opportunities that the program established under this section will address. 
framework under this subsection, the Secretary shall consult with regulated industry, academia, medical professional organizations, representatives of patient advocacy organizations, disease research foundations, and other interested parties. 
enactment of this section, after providing an opportunity for public comment on the draft guidance, issue final guidance. 
section prohibits the Secretary from using evidence from clinical experience for purposes not specified in this section, provided the Secretary determines that sufficient basis exists for any such nonspecified use. 
of complementary public health data and infrastructure the Secretary determines appropriate and necessary. 
a drug approved under section 505 or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act of the Secretary’s intent to conduct analyses of such sponsor’s drug or drugs under these pilot demonstrations; 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by section 2062, is further amended by inserting after section 505G of such Act the following: 
qualified data summaries are submitted, unless the Secretary determines that the full data sets are not required. 
public website of the Food and Drug Administration and update annually— 
under the streamlined data review program for which the Food and Drug Administration made use of full data sets in addition to the qualified data summary. 
Secretary determines to be subject to the streamlined data review program under this section. 
a summary of clinical data intended to demonstrate safety and effectiveness with respect to a qualified indication for use of a drug.’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Food and 
Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 561 (21 U.S.C. 360bbb) the following: 
distributor will consider or use to approve such requests; and 
distributor anticipates will be necessary to acknowledge receipt of such requests. 
distributor that has made a policy publicly available as required by this section may revise the policy at any time. 
a manufacturer or distributor with respect to an investigational drug beginning on the later of— 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall finalize the draft guidance entitled ‘‘Expanded Access to Investigational Drugs for Treatment Use—Qs & As’’ and dated May 2013. 
other similar entity, in the course of the committee or the entity carrying out its responsibilities for the selection of drugs for managed care or other similar organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘a payor, formulary committee, or other similar entity with knowledge and expertise in the area of health care economic analysis, carrying out its responsibilities for the selection of drugs for coverage or reimbursement’’; 
term ‘health care economic information’ means any analysis (including the clinical data, inputs, clinical or other assumptions, methods, results, and other components underlying or comprising the analysis) that identifies, measures, or describes the economic consequences, which may be based on the separate or aggregated clinical consequences of the represented health outcomes, of the use of a drug. Such analysis may be comparative to the use of another drug, to another health care intervention, or to no intervention. 
that relates only to an indication that is not approved under section 505 or under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act for such drug.’’. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue draft guidance on facilitating the responsible dissemination of truthful and nonmisleading scientific and medical information not included in the approved labeling of drugs and devices. 
‘‘drug’’ and ‘‘device’’ have the meaning given to such terms in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). 
to help to expedite the development and availability of treatments for serious or lifethreatening bacterial or fungal infections in patients with unmet needs, while maintaining safety and effectiveness standards for such treatments, taking into account the severity of the infection and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355), as amended by section 2001, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
of an antibacterial or antifungal drug that is intended to treat a serious or lifethreatening infection, the Secretary— 
the sponsor on the process for developing data to support an application for approval of such drug, for use in a limited population of patients in accordance with this subsection; 
endpoints, or a combination of traditional and alternate endpoints, and, as appropriate, data sets of a limited size; and 
‘‘(II) nonclinical susceptibility and pharmacokinetic data; ‘‘(III) data from phase 2 clinical trials; and 
an antibacterial or antifungal drug approved in accordance with this subsection shall contain the statement ‘Limited Population’ in a prominent manner and adjacent to, and not more prominent than, the brand name of the product. The prescribing information for such antibacterial or antifungal drug required by section 201.57 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation) shall also include the following statement: ‘This drug is indicated for use in a limited and specific population of patients.’. 
with this subsection for an indication in a limited population of patients and is subsequently approved or licensed under this section or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, other than in accordance with this subsection, for— 
the Secretary shall not apply the labeling requirements and postmarketing conditions that were made applicable to the drug under this subsection to the subsequent approval of the drug for such different indication or condition of use. 
of antibiotics or other products by health care providers, or to otherwise limit or restrict the practice of health care. 
shall have the authorities vested in the Secretary by this subsection beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection, irrespective of when and whether the Secretary promulgates final regulations or guidance. 
term ‘early consultation meeting’ means a pre investigational new drug meeting or an endof phase1 meeting that— 
agreement on the design and size of necessary preclinical and clinical studies early in the development process, including clinical trials whose data are intended to form the primary basis for an effectiveness claim; and 
‘postapproval meeting’ means a meeting following initial approval or licensure of the drug for use in a limited population, to discuss any issues identified by the Secretary or the sponsor regarding postapproval commitments or expansion of approved uses.’’. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to the licensure of biological products under this section— 
antifungal drug that is intended to treat a serious or lifethreatening infection shall be construed to refer to a biological product intended to treat a serious or lifethreatening bacterial or fungal infection; and 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(dd) If it is a drug approved in accordance 
Act is amended by inserting after section 317T (42 U.S.C. 247b–22) the following: 
Secretary shall make summaries of the data derived from monitoring under this section publicly available for the purposes of— 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360a) is amended to read as follows: 
to provide the Secretary with an expedited, flexible method for— 
of approval of the drug under section 505 of this Act or licensure of the drug under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (as applicable), upon such approval or licensure; or 
date, on the date on which such criteria are available for such drug. 
address potential conflicts of interest and ensure transparent decisionmaking; 
is an opportunity for public input by interested parties, and establishes and maintains processes to ensure that such input is considered in decisionmaking; and 
‘‘(III) permits its standards to be made publicly available, through the National Library of Medicine or another similar source acceptable to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) recognized in whole, or in part, by the 
under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the 
drug differ from other drugs with the same active ingredient, the interpretive criteria with respect to such drug— 
‘‘(II) are determined by the Secretary to be appropriate for the drug. 
the susceptibility of bacteria, fungi, or other microorganisms to a certain drug (or drugs); and 
‘‘(II) the safety and efficacy of the drug in 
treating clinical infections due to such bacteria, fungi, or other microorganisms may not have been established in adequate and wellcontrolled clinical trials and the clinical significance of such susceptibility information in such trials is unknown. 
practitioners to consult the approved product labeling for specific drugs to determine the uses for which the Food and Drug Administration has approved the product. 
determines appropriate to adequately convey the limitations of the data supporting susceptibility test interpretive criteria standard listed on the website. 
which the Interpretive Criteria Website is established, the Secretary shall publish a notice of that establishment in the Federal Register. 
an antimicrobial drug of a reference or hyperlink to the Interpretive Criteria Website, in and of itself, shall not cause the drug to be misbranded in violation of section 502, or the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
the establishment of the Interpretive Criteria Website, and at least every 6 months thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
susceptibility test interpretive criteria standard, in whole or in part; 
‘‘(iii) recognizing one or more parts of the new 
or updated interpretive criteria specified in such a standard and declining to recognize the remainder of such standard; and 
a standard is not applicable to a particular drug because the characteristics of the drug differ 
respect to an antimicrobial drug lawfully introduced or delivered for introduction into interstate commerce for commercial distribution before the establishment of the Interpretive Criteria Website, a holder of an approved application under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable, for each such drug— 
of the Interpretive Criteria Website, shall submit to the Secretary a supplemental application for purposes of changing the drug’s labeling to substitute a reference or hyperlink to such Website for any susceptibility test interpretive criteria and related information; and 
With respect to antimicrobial drugs lawfully introduced or delivered for introduction into interstate commerce for commercial distribution on or after the date of the establishment of the Interpretive Criteria Website, the labeling for such a drug shall include, in lieu of susceptibility test interpretive criteria and related information, a reference to such Website. 
The conditions specified in this paragraph are the following: 
susceptibility of bacteria and fungi to certain drugs; and 
‘‘(II) the safety and efficacy of such drugs in 
treating clinical infections due to such bacteria or fungi may not have been established in adequate and wellcontrolled clinical trials and the clinical significance of such susceptibility information in those instances is unknown; 
care practitioners to consult the approved labeling for drugs tested using such a device, to determine the uses for which the Food and Drug Administration has approved such drugs; and 
testing device’ means a device that utilizes susceptibility test interpretive criteria to determine and report the in vitro susceptibility of certain microorganisms to a drug (or drugs). 
which characterize the susceptibility of bacteria or other microorganisms to the drug tested; and 
‘‘(ii) biological products (as such term is defined in section 351 of the Public Health Service Act) to the extent such products exhibit antimicrobial activity. 
Amendments Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 247d–5a; relating to identification of clinically susceptible concentrations of antimicrobials) is repealed. 
as amended by section 2121, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate a report on the progress made in implementing section 511 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360a), as amended by this section. 
Nothing in this subtitle (including the amendments made by this subtitle) shall be construed to restrict, in any manner, the prescribing or administering of antibiotics or other products by health care practitioners, or to limit the practice of health care. 
hospitals that involve a drug so listed, provide for an additional payment to be made under this subsection in accordance with the provisions of this subparagraph. 
term ‘DISARM drug’ means a product that is approved for use, or a product for which an indication is first approved for use, by the Food and Drug Administration on or after December 1, 2014, and that the Food and Drug Administration determines is an antimicrobial product (as defined in clause (iv)) and is intended to treat an infection— 
and ‘‘(II) which is associated with high rates of 
mortality or significant patient morbidity, as determined in consultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the infectious disease professional community. 
finding that the request for such determination contained an untrue statement of material fact. 
this subparagraph, the additional payment under this subparagraph, with respect to a drug, shall be in the amount provided for such drug under section 1847A. 
‘‘(vii) As part of the rulemaking referred to in 
with respect to a fiscal year, the total amount of the additional payments under this subsection pursuant to this subparagraph for discharges in such fiscal year without regard to the application of clause (viii). 
means, with respect to a fiscal year, the total amount of payments made under this subsection for all discharges in such fiscal year.’’. 
(III) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) in clause (iv), by striking the semicolon at 
United States shall, in consultation with the Director of the National Institutes of Health, the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, conduct a study to— 
vaccine or any new indication for a vaccine, the Director of the Program shall direct the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, at its next regularly scheduled meeting, to consider the use of the vaccine. 
Advisory Committee does not make recommendations with respect to the use of a vaccine at the Advisory Committee’s first regularly scheduled meeting after the licensure of the vaccine or any new indication for the vaccine, the Advisory Committee, at the request of the sponsor of the vaccine, shall make such recommendations on an expedited basis. 
breakthrough therapy under section 506 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and is licensed under section 351 of this Act, the Advisory Committee shall make recommendations with respect to the use of the vaccine on an expedited basis. 
terms ‘Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices’ and ‘Advisory Committee’ mean the advisory committee on immunization practices established by the Secretary pursuant to section 222, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.’’. 
Disease Control and Prevention shall conduct a review of the process used by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices to evaluate consistency in formulating and issuing recommendations pertaining to vaccines. 
the working groups of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices are consistent among groups. 
‘‘Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices’’ means the advisory committee on immunization practices established by the Secretary of Health and Human Services pursuant to section 222 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 217a), acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
(42 U.S.C. 242o) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
intent to pursue licensing of the vaccine by the Food and Drug Administration; or 
implementation considerations with regard to a vaccine developer’s potential vaccine profile; and 
‘‘(ii) potential implications of such perspectives for the vaccine developer’s vaccine research and development planning. 
‘‘(iii) have been performed by or are in the 
‘‘(iv) are not a trade secret or commercial or 
have implications for the vaccine developer’s vaccine research and development.’’. 
FOR A DRUG APPROVED FOR A NEW INDICATION FOR A RARE DISEASE OR CONDITION. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended by sections 2062 and 2063, is further amended by inserting after section 505H of such Act the following: 
FOR A DRUG APPROVED FOR A NEW INDICATION FOR A RARE DISEASE OR CONDITION. 
drug files an application or a supplemental application for approval of the new indication for use of the drug to prevent, diagnose, or treat the rare disease or condition; and 
period described in section 527, as applicable, shall be extended by 6 months; and 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355a) is amended— 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355f) is amended— 
read as follows: ‘‘RELATION TO PEDIATRIC EXCLUSIVITY AND EXCLUSIVITY FOR A DRUG APPROVED FOR A NEWINDICATION FOR A RAREDISEASE OR CONDITION .—’’; and 
under section 505A’’ and inserting ‘‘any extension of the periods under sections 505A and 505G, as applicable,’’. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ff) is amended— 
which a priority review voucher has not been issued under section 524 (relating to tropical disease products).’’; and 
which a priority review voucher was awarded under such section 529 was approved under section 505 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355) or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). 
approved under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 
(ii) whether unmet medical needs were addressed through the approval of such drugs, including, for each such drug— 
(II) the benefit or advantage the drug provided over another available therapy; 
(iv) the value of the priority review voucher if 
which a priority review voucher was awarded and the date on which it was used. 
on, the Food and Drug Administration in implementing such program, including the effect of such program on the Food and Drug Administration’s review of drugs for which a priority review voucher was not awarded or used; 
(ii) the impact of the program on the public 
health as a result of the expedited review of applications for drugs that treat or prevent non serious indications that are generally used by the broader public; and 
program so that the program is appropriately targeted toward providing incentives for the development of clinically important drugs that— 
(II) would likely not otherwise have been developed to prevent or treat such diseases. 
and Drugs may award grants to institutions of higher education and nonprofit organizations for the purpose of studying and recommending improvements to the process of continuous manufacturing of drugs and biological products and similar innovative monitoring and control techniques. 
such term in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). 
has the meaning given to such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
Section 1003 of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 953) is amended— 
substance may be exported from the second country to another country that is a member of the European Economic Area’’ before the period at the end; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: 
the second country under such paragraphs are met by each subsequent country to which the controlled substance is exported pursuant to this paragraph.’’; and 
members of the European Economic Area, within 30 days after each reexportation, the person who exported the controlled substance from the United States delivers to the Attorney General— 
the second country or reexportation from the second country to another country occur within a specified period of time; or 
country, and product be provided prior to exportation of the controlled substance from the United States or prior to each reexportation among members of the European Economic Area.’’. 
‘‘(iii) Not later than 18 months after the date 
of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, the Secretary shall issue final guidance that describes the responsibilities of each agency center regarding its review of combination products. The Secretary shall, after soliciting public comment, review and update the guidance periodically.’’. 
more effective treatment or diagnosis of life threatening or irreversibly debilitating human diseases or conditions, the Secretary shall establish a program to provide priority review for devices— 
‘‘(ii) based upon such documents and a meeting or teleconference. 
prior to the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act). 
with the sponsor of the device during the review process; 
topics of any consultation concerning the sponsor’s device that the Secretary intends to undertake with external experts or an advisory committee and provide the sponsor an opportunity to recommend such external experts; 
clinical trials is as efficient as practicable, such as through adoption of shorter or smaller clinical trials, application of surrogate endpoints, and use of adaptive trial designs and Bayesian statistics, to the extent scientifically appropriate; 
are required to prevent an unreasonable risk to the public health; or 
‘‘(iii) the identification of a substantial scientific issue determined by the Secretary to be essential to the safety or effectiveness of the device involved. 
guidance on the implementation of this section. Such guidance shall include the following: 
assigning a team of staff, including team leaders, to review devices designated for priority review, including any training required for such personnel on effective and efficient review. 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 524A (21 U.S.C. 360n–1) the following new section: 
QUALITY SYSTEM .—The Secretary shall, in accordance with this section, establish a third party quality system assessment program— 
requestor’s quality system, including its design controls, can reasonably assure the safety and effectiveness of inscope devices subject to devicerelated changes; 
such certifications for purposes of determining the safety and effectiveness (or as applicable, substantial equivalence) of inscope devices subject to the devicerelated changes involved, in lieu of compliance with the following submission requirements: 
changes made by a requestor with respect to in scope devices, which are— 
‘‘(II) do not alter— ‘‘(aa) the intended use of the changed device; 
‘‘(iv) such other changes relating to the devices or the device manufacturing process as the Secretary determines appropriate; 
within the scope of devices agreed to by the requestor and the accredited person for purposes of a request for certification under this section; 
or more accredited persons to assess a requestor’s quality system under this section with respect to inscope devices shall be at the initiation of the person who registers and lists the devices at issue under section 510. 
accredited person and the person who engages the services of the accredited person; and 
‘‘(ii) be paid by the person who engages such 
after the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act; and 
‘‘(II) any waivers or exemptions from such criteria applied by the accredited person. 
‘‘(III) such action with regard to the certification is otherwise justified according to such factors and criteria as the Secretary finds appropriate. 
RELATED CHANGES OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO PRE MARKET NOTIFICATION .—A requestor whose 
quality system is certified under this section that effectuates devicerelated changes with respect to inscope devices, without prior submission of a premarket notification, shall ensure that an annual summary report is submitted to the Secretary by the accredited person which— 
full explanation of the basis for the changes; and 
devicerelated changes made during such 2year period, provided the certification remains in effect, irrespective of whether such certification is 
the Secretary to conduct an inspection or otherwise determine whether the requestor has complied with the applicable requirements of this Act; and 
section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to request and review the complete assessment of a certified requestor under this section on a forcause basis.’’. 
case histories, including registry data, that are collected and monitored under a protocol determined to be acceptable by the Secretary; 
the United States so long as such data otherwise meet the criteria specified in this subparagraph. 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a study published in a 
‘‘(II) the Secretary furnishes a written rationale for so requesting the underlying data together with such request; and 
such a study are unavailable, the Secretary shall consider such study to be part of the totality of the evidence with respect to the device, as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360c) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
than 12 months after the date of enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, the Secretary shall issue a draft guidance document updating the October 4, 2002, guidance document entitled ‘The Least Burdensome Provision of the FDA Modernization Act of 1997: Concept and Principles; Final Guidance for FDA and Industry’. 
representative sample of persons from industry regarding their experience in the device premarket review process.’’. 
term ‘necessary’ means the minimum required information that would support a determination by the Secretary that an application provides a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device. 
‘‘(ii) Not later than 60 days after the Secretary 
part, or none of the standard that is the subject of the request; and 
request a response in writing that states the Secretary’s rationale for that determination, including the scientific, technical, regulatory, or other basis for such determination. 
issued under clause (ii)(II) publicly available, in such manner as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
Secretary shall provide to all employees of the Food and Drug Administration who review premarket submissions for devices periodic training on the concept and use of recognized standards for purposes of meeting a premarket submission requirement or other applicable requirement under this Act, including standards relevant to an employee’s area of device review. 
publish guidance identifying the principles for recognizing standards under this section. In publishing such guidance, the Secretary shall consider— 
standard by other Federal regulatory authorities and the device industry; and 
promote harmonization among regulatory authorities in the regulation of devices. 
not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act; and 
RESPECT TO CERTAIN CLASS I AND CLASS II DEVICES. 
each such type of device shall be deemed amended to incorporate such exemption.’’. 
‘‘(ii) provide for a period of not less than 60 
days for public comment beginning on the date of the publication of such notice; and 
each such type of device shall be deemed amended to incorporate such exemption.’’. 
of review by a classification panel, the Secretary shall— 
is intended to cure, treat, mitigate, prevent, or diagnose; and 
‘‘(ii) as part of the process to ensure adequate 
term ‘adequate expertise’ means, with respect to the membership of the classification panel reviewing a premarket submission, that such membership includes— 
‘‘(ii) at least one voting member who is knowledgeable about the technology of the device.’’. 
for a device that is specifically the subject of review shall— 
in the panel’s review of the device that is specifically the subject of review by the panel.’’. 
than 4,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 8,000’’; and 
12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall publish a draft guidance that— 
of comparable performance between a waived user and a moderately complex laboratory user to demonstrate accuracy. 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
to assist in the prevention of disease in humans, and— 
operational support or the processing and maintenance of financial records; 
electronic or electrical hardware, or a physical communications infrastructure; and 
or parameters of a device that is connected to such software; 
present information for health or wellness education or for use in maintaining a healthy lifestyle, including medication adherence and health management tools; 
augment the performance of one or more parent devices; and 
harm if the product were to not perform as intended. 
be subject to regulation under this Act to the center at the Food and Drug Administration charged with regulating devices. 
existing regulations and guidance regarding the regulation of software under this Act. The Secretary may implement a new framework for the regulation of software and shall, as appropriate, modify such regulations and guidance or issue new regulations or guidance. 
subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary may modify or issue regulations for the regulation of software under this Act by administrative order published in the Federal Register following the publication of a proposed order. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall consult with external stakeholders (including patients, industry, health care providers, academia, and government) to gather input before issuing regulations, an administrative order, and guidance under this subsection. 
of the HHS Human Subject Regulations, the FDA Human Subject Regulations, and the vulnerablepopulations rules as may be necessary— 
(ii) to modernize such provisions in the context of multisite and cooperative research projects; and 
(iii) to incorporate local considerations, community values, and mechanisms to protect vulnerable populations; and 
is subject to the HHS Human Subject Regulations or to the FDA Human Subject Regulations may— 
(iii) use similar arrangements to avoid duplication of effort. 
than 36 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the relevant agencies and offices of the Department of Health and Human Services, including the Office for Human Research Protections and relevant agencies and offices of the Food and Drug Administration, shall issue such regulations and guidance and take such other actions as may be necessary to implement this section and help to facilitate the broader use of single, central, or lead institutional review boards. Such regulations and guidance shall clarify the requirements and policies relating to the following: 
boards in multisite or cooperative, multisite studies where one or more local institutional review boards are relied upon, or similar arrangements are used; 
(ii) the risks and benefits to human subjects; (iii) standardizing the informed consent and 
the use of local institutional review boards while continuing to use central or lead institutional review boards. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the progress made toward completing such harmonization. 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall finalize the draft policy entitled ‘‘Draft NIH Policy on Use of a Single Institutional Review Board for MultiSite Research’’. 
term ‘‘FDA Human Subject Regulations’’ means the provisions of parts 50, 56, 312, and 812 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). 
term ‘‘HHS Human Subject Regulations’’ means the provisions of subpart A of part 46 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). 
of subparts B through D of such part 46 (or any successor regulations); or 
(ii) as applicable to research that is subject to 
the FDA Human Subject Regulations, means the provisions applicable to vulnerable populations under part 56 of such title 21 (or any successor regulations) and subpart D of part 50 of such title 21 (or any successor regulations). 
‘‘institutional review board’’ has the meaning that applies to the term ‘‘institutional review board’’ under the HHS Human Subject Regulations. 
term ‘‘lead institutional review board’’ means an institutional review board that otherwise meets the requirements of the HHS Human Subject Regulations and enters into a written agreement with an institution, another institutional review board, a sponsor, or a principal investigator to approve and oversee human subject research that is conducted at multiple locations. References to an institutional review board include an institutional review board that serves a single institution as well as a lead institutional review board. 
REVIEW BOARDS FOR REVIEW OF INVESTIGATIONAL DEVICE EXEMPTIONS AND HUMAN DEVICE EXEMPTIONS. 
devices is supervised by an institutional review committee established in accordance with the regulations of the Secretary, and’’. 
where subject to such conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, the investigator’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘except where, subject to such conditions as the Secretary may prescribe— 
more than minimal risk to the human subject and includes appropriate safeguards to protect the rights, safety, and welfare of the human subject; or 
Conte Senior Biomedical Research Service, not to exceed 500 members’’ and inserting ‘‘Silvio O. Conte Senior Biomedical Research and Biomedical Product Assessment Service (in this section referred to as the ‘Service’), the purpose of which is to recruit and retain competitive and qualified scientific and technical experts outstanding in the field of biomedical research, clinical research evaluation, and biomedical product assessment’’; 
striking ‘‘or clinical research evaluation’’ and inserting ‘‘, clinical research evaluation or biomedical product assessment’’; and 
It is the sense of Congress that the participation in, or sponsorship of, scientific conferences and meetings is essential to the mission of the Food and Drug Administration. 
are established by such amendment) are representatives of the general pharmaceutical, device, food, cosmetic, and biotechnology industries.’’; and 
Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 708 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 379) the following: 
shall not apply to the collection from patients, industry, academia, and other stakeholders, of voluntary information such as through voluntary surveys or questionnaires, initiated by the Secretary.’’. 
and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 714 (21 U.S.C. 379d–3) the following: 
30, 2021, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that examines the extent to which the authority to appoint and retain personnel under this section enhanced the Food and Drug Administration’s ability to meet the agency’s critical need for highly qualified individuals for scientific, technical, or professional positions. 
help the Food and Drug Administration to better recruit and retain highly qualified individuals for scientific, technical, or professional positions in the agency’s medical product centers.’’. 
Expenses, but only the portion of appropriations under such account corresponding to fees collected under sections 736, 738, 740, 741, 744B, and 744H of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (75–9911–0–1–554).’’; and 
law, this subsection shall not apply with respect to the portion of administrative expenses incurred by the Food and Drug Administration that are funded through fees collected under sections 736, 738, 740, 741, 744B, and 744H of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.’’. 
information technology to be considered interoperable, such technology must satisfy the following criteria: 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘The HIT Policy Committee is authorized only to provide policy and priority recommendations to the Secretary and not authorized to otherwise affect the development or modification of any standard, implementation specification, or certification criterion under this title.’’; and 
which modifications and additions to interoperability standards and implementation specifications, with respect to such interoperability standards, under section 3010 are needed for the electronic access, exchange, and use of health information for purposes of adoption of such modifications and additions under section 3004)’’ after ‘‘section 3004’’. 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
Section 3003 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–13) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Act is amended by inserting after section 3003 the following new section: 
standards (including interoperability standards), implementation specifications, and, to the extent necessary, certification criteria (and modifications, including additions, to such standards, specifications, and, to the extent necessary, criteria), which are in accordance with the criteria described in section 3010; and 
STANDARDS AND IMPLEMENTATION SPECIFICA TIONS .—Notwithstanding the previous subsections of this section, the following shall apply in the case of the initial set of interoperability standards and implementation specifications with respect to such standards recommended under section 3003A: 
90 days after the date of receipt of recommendations for such interoperability standards and implementation specifications, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Coordinator and representatives of other relevant Federal agencies, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology, shall jointly review such standards and implementation specifications and shall determine whether or not to propose adoption of such standards and implementation specifications. 
and implementation specifications, the Secretary shall, by regulation under section 553 of title 5, United States Code, determine whether or not to adopt such standards and implementation specifications; or 
standard (including interoperability standard), implementation specification, or certification criterion adopted under this section on or after the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act, the following shall apply: 
standard, implementation specification, or certification criterion shall be considered adopted under this section and shall be effective beginning on the date that is 12 months after the date of publication of the final rule to adopt such standard, implementation specification, or certification criterion. 
than July 1, 2017, the Secretary, after consultation with relevant stakeholders, shall submit to Congress and provide for publication in the Federal Register and the posting on the Internet website of the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology a report on the following: 
of section 3004 and to be interoperable in accordance with section 3010 and in compliance with interoperability standards adopted under section 3004.’’. 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘and, for certifications made on or after January 1, 2018, with respect to health information technology, additional criteria to establish that the technology is interoperable, in accordance with section 3010, and in compliance with interoperability standards and implementation specifications, with respect to such standards, adopted under section 3004’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
records has published application programming interfaces, with respect to health information within such records, for search and indexing, semantic harmonization and vocabulary translation, and user interface applications; 
‘‘(ee) that the entity has successfully and rigorously tested the real world use of the record in the type of setting in which it would be marketed; and 
‘‘(ff) that the entity has in place data sharing 
programs or capabilities based on common data elements through such mechanisms as application programming interfaces without the requirement for vendorspecific interfaces; 
‘‘(II) publish application programming interfaces and associated documentation, with respect to health information within such records, for search and indexing, semantic harmonization and vocabulary translation, and user interface applications; and 
Secretary that health information from such records are able to be exchanged, accessed, and used through the use of application programming interfaces without special effort, as authorized under applicable law. 
fixed, recurring, transaction based, or otherwise) imposed by the entity (or any thirdparty from whom the entity purchases, licenses, or obtains any technology, products, or services in connection with the qualified electronic health record) to purchase, license, implement, maintain, upgrade, use, or otherwise enable and support the use of capabilities to which such record is to be certified under this section; or in connection with any health information generated in the course of using any capability to which the record is to be so certified. 
‘‘(II) Limitations, whether by contract or otherwise, on the use of any capability to which the record is to be certified under this section for any purpose within the scope of the record’s certification; or in connection with any health information generated in the course of using any capability to which the record is to be certified under this section. 
practical limitations of technology or its capabilities, that could prevent or impair the successful implementation, configuration, customization, maintenance, support, or use of any capabilities to which the record is to be certified under this section; or that could prevent or limit the access, use, exchange, or portability of any health information generated in the course of using any capability to which the record is to be so certified. 
‘‘(ii) BASELINE STANDARDS AND IMPLEMENTA TION SPECIFICATIONS .—For purposes of clause 
Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall have the authority to investigate claims of— 
information blocking (as so defined), with respect to the use of health information technology with respect to items and services furnished under such a program, unless for a legitimate purpose specified by the Secretary; and 
(such as operators of health information exchanges, clinical data registries, and other systems that facilitate the exchange of information) having engaged in information blocking (as so defined), unless for a legitimate purpose specified by the Secretary, with respect to the use of health information technology with respect to items and services furnished under such a program. 
the National Coordinator in connection with a claim or suggestion of possible information blocking and that could reasonably be expected to facilitate identification of the source of the information— 
Coordinator except as may be necessary to carry out the purpose of this section; and 
General of the Department of Health and Human Services or Federal Trade Commission for reporting purposes to the extent that such information could not reasonably be expected to facilitate identification of the source of such information. 
Coordinator shall implement a standardized process for the public to submit reports on 
collection of such information as the originating institution, location, type of transaction, system and version, timestamp, terminating institution, locations, system and version, failure notice, and other related information. 
organizational practices that restrict authorized use under applicable State or Federal law of electronic health information or restrict the authorized exchange under applicable State or Federal law of such information for treatment and other permitted purposes under such applicable law, including transitions between certified EHR technologies. 
(such as for health information exchange, portability, interfaces, and full export of health information) that make accessing, exchanging, or 
identifies as necessary to protect patient safety, to maintain the privacy or security of individuals’ health information, or to promote competition and consumer welfare. 
blocking’, with respect to an individual or entity, shall not include an act or practice other than an act or practice committed by such individual or entity. 
TOPATIENT SAFETY ORGANIZATIONS .—In applying part C of title IX— 
after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Coordinator and the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, shall, through rulemaking, implement the provisions of section 3001 of the 21st Century Cures Act, including amendments made by such section, relating to information blocking. 
information blocking, the Secretary shall ensure to the extent possible that such penalties, assessments, and exclusions do not duplicate penalty, assessment, and exclusion structures that would otherwise apply with respect to information blocking and the type of individual or entity involved as of the day before the date of the enactment of this section. 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–11) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
no case may an eligible professional be granted an exemption under this subparagraph for more than 5 years. 
(ii) HARDSHIP EXEMPTION IN CASE OF DECERTI FIED EHR .—Subclause (II) of section 
shall an exemption by reason of item (bb) be for a period of less than 12 months. 
a casebycase basis, be extended for a period of an additional 12 months subject to the limitation described in item (ee). 
‘‘(ee) Subject to item (ff), in no case may a 
hospital be granted an exemption under this subclause for more than 5 years. 
‘‘(ff) Item (ee) shall not apply to an exemption 
by reason of item (bb) to the extent necessary to satisfy item (cc).’’. 
3000 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
term ‘widespread interoperability’ means that, on a nationwide basis— 
3006 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–16) is amended— 
the interoperability standards and implementation specifications, with respect to such interoperability standards, adopted under such section’’ after ‘‘section 3004’’. 
period at the end the following: ‘‘(and, beginning on January 1, 2018, that are also interoperable under section 3010 of such Act and in compliance with interoperability standards and implementation specifications, with respect to such interoperability standards, adopted under section 3004 of such Act )’’; and 
this section, in addition to any other funds made available to carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $15,000,000, to remain available until expended.’’. 
FOR ACHIEVING WIDESPREAD EHR INTEROPER ABILITY .—Section 106 of the Medicare Access 
and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10) is amended by striking subsection 
forth in the HITECH Act are to be achieved, interoperability is best achieved with individuals and authorized representatives having equal access to the health information of such individuals in electronic format; 
the health information of such individuals, including such information contained in an electronic health record of such individuals; 
ability to deny a request of the individual for access to the entirety of such health information of such individual; 
for the bidirectional exchange of information through such mechanisms as web portals, appointments, and prescription refills, for the purpose of patients partnering with providers to assist in managing health and care; 
health information of the individual without cost to the individual; 
should allow for data of an individual generated by the individual to be integrated into such platforms as electronic health records; 
confident that the data in the electronic health record of the individual pertains to such individual; and 
later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services shall provide to the committees of jurisdiction of the House of Representatives and the Senate information on the following: 
such as those who are dually eligible for the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) and those with chronic conditions, whose care may be improved most in terms of quality and efficiency by the expansion, in a manner that meets or exceeds the existing inperson standard of care under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act, 
Medicaid Innovation which examine the use of telehealth services in models, projects, or initiatives funded through section 1115A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a). 
Medicare Payment Advisory Commission established under section 1805 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–6) shall, using quantitative and qualitative research methods, provide information to the committees of jurisdiction of the House of Representatives and the Senate that identifies— 
can be made, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, under the feeforservice program under parts A and B of title XVIII of such Act; 
can be made, as of such date, under private health insurance plans; 
of safe, effective, quality health care services, by a health care provider, using technology as the mode of care delivery; 
and payment with respect to the Medicare program under title XVIII unless specifically address in subsequent statute, of such Act if the service were furnished in person, including standards of care; and 
peerreviewed journals, journal reprints, journal supplements, medical conference reports, and medical textbooks’’ after ‘‘patient use’’; and 
‘‘(xiii) In the case of a covered recipient who 
is a physician, an indirect payment or transfer of value to the covered recipient— 
materials for, an educational event for physicians or other health care professionals that does not commercially promote a covered drug, device, biological, or medical supply; or 
the covered recipient with medical education, such as by providing the covered recipient with the tuition required to attend an educational event or with materials provided to physicians at an educational event.’’. 
by this section shall apply with respect to transfers of value made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Coding System (HCPCS) code for which the description for a professional service includes the furnishing of such device; and 
by this section shall apply to devices furnished on or after January 1, 2017. 
Secretary shall require each medicare administrative contractor that develops a local coverage determination to make available on the website of such contractor and on the Medicare website, at least 45 days before the effective date of such determination, the following information: 
‘‘(iii) Hyperlinks to the proposed determination and a response to comments submitted to the contractor with respect to such proposed determination. 
‘‘(iv) A summary of evidence that was considered by the contractor during the development of such determination and a list of the sources of such evidence. 
Secretary shall provide for a pharmaceutical and technology ombudsman within the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services who shall receive and respond to complaints, grievances, and requests that— 
U.S.C. 1395m), as amended by section 3061, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
transparency with respect to items and services for which payment may be made either to a hospital outpatient department or to an ambulatory surgical center under this title, the Secretary shall, for 2017 and each year thereafter, make available to the public via a searchable website, with respect to an appropriate number of such items and services— 
the estimated amount of beneficiary liability, with respect to an item or service, is the amount for such item or service for which an individual who does not have coverage under a medicare supplemental policy certified under section 1882 or any other supplemental insurance coverage is responsible. 
the date of the enactment of this subsection, such as the portion of the website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services on which information comparing physician performance is posted (commonly referred to as the Physician Compare website), to make available such estimated amounts under such paragraph. 
this subsection, the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Supplemental Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841 to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account, of $6,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, to remain available until expended.’’. 
limit the access of an atrisk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse to coverage for frequently abused drugs under a prescription drug plan until such sponsor— 
‘‘(II) verifies with the providers of the beneficiary that the beneficiary is an atrisk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse. 
‘‘(ii) INITIAL NOTICE .—An initial notice described in this clause is a notice that provides to the beneficiary— 
Federal public health resources that are designed to address prescription drug abuse to which the beneficiary has access, including mental health services and other counseling services; 
beneficiary can contact the PDP sponsor in order to submit to the PDP sponsor the preferences described in subclause (IV) and any other communications relating to the drug management program for atrisk beneficiaries established by the PDP sponsor; and 
‘‘(VII) contact information for other organizations that can provide the beneficiary with assistance regarding such drug management program (similar to the information provided by the Secretary in other standardized notices provided to part D eligible individuals enrolled in prescription drug plans under this part). 
‘‘(iii) SECOND NOTICE .—A second notice described in this clause is a notice that provides to the beneficiary notice— 
beneficiary as an atrisk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse; 
‘‘(II) that such beneficiary is subject to the requirements of the drug management program for atrisk beneficiaries established by such PDP sponsor for such plan; 
the beneficiary has not previously submitted to the PDP sponsor preferences for which prescribers and pharmacies the beneficiary would 
‘‘(VI) that includes clear instructions that explain how the beneficiary can contact the PDP sponsor. 
second notice described in clause (iii) shall be provided to the beneficiary on a date that is not less than 60 days after an initial notice described in clause (ii) is provided to the beneficiary. 
exempted individual described in this clause is an individual who— 
of an intermediate care facility for the mentally retarded, or of another facility for which frequently abused drugs are dispensed for residents through a contract with a single pharmacy; or 
‘‘(II) one or more pharmacies that may dispense such drugs to such beneficiary. 
‘‘(ii) REASONABLE ACCESS .—In making the selections under this subparagraph— 
(including access to prescribers and pharmacies with respect to frequently abused drugs) in the case of individuals with multiple residences and in the case of natural disasters and similar emergency situations. ‘‘(iii) BENEFICIARY PREFERENCES .—If an at 
PREFERENCES .—In the case that the PDP sponsor determines that a change to the selection of prescriber or pharmacy under clause (iii)(II) by the PDP sponsor is contributing or would contribute to prescription drug abuse or drug diversion by the beneficiary, the PDP sponsor may change the selection of prescriber or pharmacy for the beneficiary without regard to the preferences of the beneficiary described in clause (iii). 
standards for the termination of identification of an individual as an atrisk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse under this paragraph. Under such standards such identification shall terminate as of the earlier of— 
‘‘(II) the end of such maximum period of identification as the Secretary may specify. 
risk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse whose access to coverage for frequently abused drugs under a prescription drug plan has been limited by a PDP sponsor under this paragraph, such PDP sponsor shall disclose data, including any necessary individually identifiable health information, in a form and manner specified by the Secretary, about the decision to impose such limitations and the limitations imposed by the sponsor under this part to other PDP sponsors that request such data. 
abuse of frequently abused drugs by individuals and to prevent the diversion of such drugs at pharmacies. 
drugs at a frequency or in amounts that are not clinically appropriate; and 
may facilitate the abuse or diversion of frequently abused drugs by beneficiaries. 
prescription drug plan (and an MA organization offering an MA–PD plan) in a State shall submit to the Secretary and the Medicare drug integrity contractor with which the Secretary has entered into a contract under section 1893 with respect to such State a report, on a monthly basis, containing information on— 
organization contacts the contractor requesting to know the determination by the contractor of whether or not an individual has been determined to be an individual described such paragraph, shall inform such sponsor or organization of such determination on a date that is not later than 15 days after the date on which the sponsor or organization contacts the contractor. 
PURPOSES OF QUALITY OR PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT .—Section 1860D–42 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–152) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
PURPOSES OF QUALITY OR PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT .—In conducting a quality or performance assessment of a PDP sponsor, the Secretary shall develop or utilize existing screening methods for reviewing and considering complaints that are received from enrollees in a prescription drug plan offered by such PDP sponsor and that are complaints regarding the lack of access by the individual to prescription drugs due to a drug management program for atrisk beneficiaries.’’. 
the sense of Congress that MA organizations and PDP sponsors should consider using eprescribing and other health information technology tools to support combating fraud under MA–PD plans and prescription drug plans under parts C and D of the Medicare program. 
this section shall apply to prescription drug plans (and MA–PD plans) for plan years beginning more than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
under which such an enrollee may appeal an identification of such enrollee as an atrisk beneficiary for prescription drug abuse under such paragraph (similar to the processes established under the Medicare Advantage program under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act that allow an automatic escalation to external review of claims submitted under such part); 
(vi) with respect to a PDP sponsor (or Medicare Advantage organization) that establishes a drug management program for atrisk beneficiaries under such paragraph, the responsibilities of such PDP sponsor (or organization) with respect to the implementation of such program. 
a competitive acquisition program under section 1847 in an area of the State.’’. 
by this subsection shall be effective with respect to payments for items furnished on or after January 1, 2020. 
by this section take effect on October 1, 2015. 
THE TRANSITION FROM TRADITIONAL XRAY IMAGING TO DIGITAL RADIOGRAPHY AND OTHER MEDICARE IMAGING PAYMENT PROVISION. 
service (including the imaging portion of a service) that is an Xray taken using film and that is furnished during 2017 or a subsequent year, the payment amount for the technical component (including the technical component portion of a global service) of such service that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this section) for such year shall be reduced by 20 percent. 
the case of an imaging service (including the imaging portion of a service) that is an Xray taken using computed radiography technology— 
during 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, the payment amount for the technical component (including the technical component portion of a global service) of such service that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this section) for such year shall be reduced by 7 percent; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of such a service furnished 
during 2023 or a subsequent year, the payment amount for the technical component (including the technical component portion of a global service) of such service that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this section) for such year shall be reduced by 10 percent. 
cassettebased imaging which utilizes an imaging plate to create the image involved. 
after January 1, 2017, the Secretary shall not apply a multiple procedure payment reduction to the professional component of imaging services unless the Secretary has published as part of a Medicare Physician Fee Schedule Proposed Rule the empirical analysis described in clause (ii) with tables made available on the website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. 
empirical analysis described in this clause is an analysis of the ResourceBased Relative Value Scale Data Manager information or other information that is used to determine what, if any, efficiencies exist within the professional component of imaging services when two or more studies are furnished to the same individual on the same day. Such empirical analysis shall include— 
work activities overlap and the reductions applicable to such overlap; 
used for proposed payment reductions, an explanation of how the percentage reductions for pre service, intraservice, and postservice work were determined and calculated; 
‘‘(IV) other data used to determine a reduction; and 
consulted with practicing radiologists to gain knowledge of how radiologists interpret studies of multiple body parts on the same individual on the same day.’’. 
of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4 note) is repealed. 
service that is an Xray taken using film and that is furnished during 2017 or a subsequent year, the payment amount for such service (including the Xray component of a packaged service) that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this subsection) for such year shall be reduced by 20 percent. ‘‘(ii) PHASED IN LIMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR  
during 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, the payment amount for such service (including the X ray component of a packaged service) that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this subsection) for such year shall be reduced by 7 percent; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of such a service furnished 
during 2023 or a subsequent year, the payment amount for such service (including the Xray component of a packaged service) that would otherwise be determined under this section (without application of this paragraph and before application of any other adjustment under this subsection) for such year shall be reduced by 10 percent. 
‘‘(iii) APPLICATION WITHOUT REGARD TO BUDG ET NEUTRALITY .—The reductions made under 
‘‘(iv) I MPLEMENTATION .—In order to implement this subparagraph, the Secretary shall adopt appropriate mechanisms which may include use of modifiers.’’. 
‘‘infusion drugs or biologicals’’ each place it appears; and 
AUTHORIZATION FOR POWER MOBILITY DEVICES (PMDS) AND ACCESSORIES AND PRIOR AUTHORIZATION AUDIT LIMITATIONS. 
demonstration to include additional power mobility devices and accessories as part of initial claims for payment under this part for such devices; and 
such additional States or geographic areas as may be appropriate.’’. 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
made or used any false statement, omission, or misrepresentation of a material fact in any application, proposal, bid, progress report, or other document that is required to be submitted in order to directly or indirectly receive or retain funds provided in whole or in part by such Secretary pursuant to such grant, contract, or other agreement; 
made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent specified claim under such grant, contract, or other agreement; 
made or used, a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit funds or property to such Secretary with respect to such grant, contract, or other agreement, or knowingly conceals or knowingly and improperly avoids or decreases an obligation to pay or transmit funds or property to such Secretary with respect to such grant, contract, or other agreement; or 
the case of a grant, contract, or other agreement designed to accomplish the objective of awarding or otherwise furnishing benefits or assistance to individuals and for which the Secretary of Health and Human Services provides funding, an individual who applies for, or who receives, such benefits or assistance from such grant, contract, or other agreement. Such term does not include, with respect to such grant, contract, or other agreement, an officer, employee, or agent of a person or entity that receives such grant or that enters into such contract or other agreement. 
an officer, employee, or agent of the Department or agency thereof, or of any specified State agency; or 
other recipient if the money or property is to be spent or used on the Department’s behalf or to advance a Department program or interest, and if the Department— 
or other recipient for any portion of the money or property which is requested or demanded. 
‘obligation’ means an established duty, whether or not fixed, arising from an express or implied contractual, grantorgrantee, or licensorlicensee relationship, for a feebased or similar relationship, from statute or regulation, or from the retention of any overpayment.’’. 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a) is amended— 
Amounts received for a sale under this subsection shall be deposited in the General Fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. 
shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in amounts that would result in a Strategic Petroleum Reserve that contains an inventory of petroleum products representing less than 90 days of emergency reserves, based on the average daily level of net imports of crude oil and petroleum products in the previous calendar year. 
this section shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury of the United States. 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
enactment of this part, and every 24 months thereafter, develop or update a summary of— 
borne disease research related to causes, prevention, treatment, surveillance, diagnosis, diagnostics, duration of illness, intervention, and access to services and supports for individuals with Lyme disease or other tickborne diseases; 
Group at such public meetings and the Secretary’s response to such comments; 
public meetings that address scientific advances, research questions, surveillance activities, and emerging strains in species of pathogenic organisms. 
be composed of a total of 14 members as follows: 
‘‘(ii) the Food and Drug Administration; ‘‘(iii) the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; 
nonFederal public members, consisting of representatives of the following categories: 
with experience in diagnosing and treating Lyme disease and other tickborne diseases. 
‘‘(iii) Patients and their family members. ‘‘(iv) Nonprofit organizations that advocate 
for patients with respect to Lyme disease and other tickborne diseases. 
of the Working Group shall each be appointed to serve a 4year term and may be reappointed at the end of such term. 
meet as often as necessary, as determined by the Secretary, but not less than twice each year. 
Group shall be treated as an advisory committee subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
after the date of enactment of this part, and every 24 months thereafter, the Working Group— 
available on the website of the Department of Health and Human Services; and 
Group to include in any such report minority views. 
disease and other tickborne diseases, including progress related to chronic or persistent symptoms and chronic or persistent infection and co infections; 
amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–193. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BRAT  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–193. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund $1,860,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. BRAT. Madam Chair, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
my amendment a poison pill. I consider that a compliment. A poison pill was reserved for the man who brought human reason to Greece. I similarly would like to bring a bit of reason to bear on the budget process of the United States. 
mandatory spending at present. This means by 2027, all Federal revenues will be spent on only mandatory programs. This is a disaster. 
By the time they are about 30, we will have zero dollars for running the government because all dollars will be spent on these mandatory programs. 
We all want cures, and I am for the 
underlying bill—make no mistake—but in economics, rationality requires that we rank our preferences in order and fund the best programs. This is one of them. 
out of a $3.5 trillion budget, but currently, there is no discipline up here in this city. We just fund everything and hand the bill to the next generation. 
with high hopes, but go to the trustee reports on the major mandatory programs today, and you will find that they are all insolvent by around 2030 as well. 
fancy terminology about payfors and oil reserves and deficits, but don’t be fooled. Our annual deficit spending is about $500 billion right now and on its way to a trillion in a few more years. 
always talk about the children, but at present, we are handing our children $18 trillion in debt and another $127 trillion in mandatory programs. 
the only group up here on Capitol Hill without a lobbyist, and that is why 
If you want a cure, go to a doctor; 
but if you want to clean up the U.S. 
economy, please consult an economist or two. The numbers in the story I have given are not in dispute. The only issue is whether we have the resolve to balance our budgets and leave our children a brighter day. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
amendment because making this funding discretionary and subject to later appropriations is critically shortsighted for two reasons. 
We thought that this might be a placebo amendment, but yes, it really is a poison pill that would undermine the victories the Republicans secured in 21st Century Cures, including transformative regulatory reforms at FDA and permanent entitlement savings in both Medicare and Medicaid. 
means voting against the critical balance that we found to pay for these investments using mandatory savings in a way that reduces the deficit in working with the Appropriations Committee. 
reduce the deficit by some $500plus million over the first 10 years, and we conservatively estimate that it cuts $7 billion in the second decade. 
have joined together to oppose this amendment. They represent a cross section of organizations, including patient groups, universities, veterans, innovators, and medical providers. 
‘‘no’’ on the Brat amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
greatest danger facing our country is a national debt that now exceeds our entire economy. This year, we spent $230 billion just to pay interest on that debt. 
trajectory, interest payments will exceed our entire defense budget just 8 years from now. Behold the chaos in Greece, and consider that our Nation is not far behind. 
enact a budget that saves us from this dismal future, but having set that course, we must stay that course. The underlying bill makes many worthy changes in law, but it evades the discipline the budget requires to save our country from the fate of Greece. 
can be easily accommodated by cutting lower priority spending. The question before us is whether we will fund our priorities responsibly or follow Greece to ruin. 
minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), my friend and 
the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
if we want to speed the pace of innovation and development of new treatment and cures, we must increase funding to NIH. 
$8.2 billion less to spend in fiscal year 2015 than it had in fiscal year 2003, when adjusted for inflation. That funding erosion has reduced the application success rate, leaving promising research ideas to languish due to lack of funding. It has also left many young and midcareer scientists wondering whether they can support themselves through a career in biomedical research. 
aims to reverse that trajectory by providing $8.7 in mandatory funding over a 5year period. Providing mandatory funding through the innovation fund would ensure that NIH has increased funding to make critical investments in research that will help us deliver on the promise of the 21st Century Cures Act, to accelerate the pace of scientific advancement that leads to lifeimproving and lifesaving treatments and cures. 
funding stream, H.R. 6, I think, will be ineffective; and I urge Members to reject the Brat amendment. 
minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). 
the 21st Century Cures Act underlying text, and I thank the chairman. It has been masterful work. 
to do something in Congress about these horrific, debilitating diseases that plague our families? We all do, but targeting additional NIH funding for cures remains critical. We absolutely all support it, but I don’t support how we are paying for it—because we are not. 
problems associated with mandatory spending have used the same board I use in my townhall meetings. People have seen this, and they know where we are headed. It is the biggest driver of future debt. 
spending as we speak, and we are placing the burden of paying for it on people that aren’t even alive yet. It is incredible. 
I have championed the need for providing a cure for rare diseases and the things that plague members of our citizenry since I have been here. One thing 
missing from this bill is the legalization of CBD. This act seems to forget about children with epilepsy and their desperate need for a cure. 
simply to shift the money from mandatory to discretionary and force us to make the tough decisions we came here to make. 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ), the ranking member 
Chair, I thank the chair of the committee for yielding. 
right now, then you need to support the Brat amendment because we are not funding research adequately. Everybody says that. That is why there are so many supporters in the private sector and also 230 cosponsors of this bill. 
it a poison pill. I don’t think there is anything more appropriate than that for this amendment, because this bill is intended to save people’s lives and to make people have a better lifestyle. When you take a poison pill, you die. That is what will happen if we do not do mandatory spending in this bill. 
against mandatory spending, but there are cuts in other parts of the Federal budget that will pay for this. Don’t let anybody delude themselves into thinking that this is increasing spending. 
trying to redirect it to the NIH and FDA to have these new therapies and also get them through the approval process. 
1 minute, I will close by reminding people that Ronald Reagan so notably said: ‘‘Nothing lasts longer than a temporary government program.’’ 
only paid for in offsets at onequarter what it costs, and that is an estimate. If the cost goes up, it will spend even more. 
strategic petroleum reserves to pay for the vast majority of this 5year program, and then we are taking 10 years to pay for the remainder. 
This is a gimmick. It is not paid for. 
Do not be fooled. If you are a fiscal conservative, you must consider this not a permanent entitlement and vote for the Brat amendment because, if you don’t, what you are doing is unfairly adding to this debt. 
I would vote for this if it was paid 
for. Madam Chair, it is not paid for. It is a fraudulent payfor by any possible means of this body. 
The Acting CHAIR. Members are reminded to refrain from trafficking the well while another Member is under recognition. 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FATTAH ) for a unanimous consent request. 
favor of the underlying bill and in opposition to this poisonpill amendment. 
me just say to the gentleman from California, it is paid for. CBO has certified that all of it is paid for. 
my time to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), a member of the 
Chairman, I rise today to voice my unwavering support for 21st Century Cures and vehement opposition to the amendment before us. 
amendment fail to grasp is that 21st Century Cures will actually advance real conservative reforms to the entitlement system that will reduce the deficit and save our Nation billions of dollars. 
has scored it. And since when are we ignoring CBO? 
These reforms didn’t happen overnight. This legislation is the result of well over a year of thoughtful and purposeful negotiations. 
amendment cannot see the forest for the trees. Contrary to the misinformation that led them to craft it, the innovation fund is not forever on autopilot. It sunsets after 5 years. Those are 5 solid years where we can recruit the top minds to investigate cures that will change and save lives, yes, the lives of our children and the next generation. 
me in opposition, in addition to the over 100 groups who are opposed to the Brat amendment, groups of patient groups, universities, veterans, innovators, medical providers. Every one of these groups urges Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Brat amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Part B of title IV of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
of NIH shall establish and implement an Innovation Prizes Program for one or both of the following goals: 
later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of NIH shall— 
during the competitions, to the competitors whose innovations are most promising or demonstrate progress; and 
‘‘(ii) at the end of the competitions, to the 
competitors whose innovations prove to be the best solutions; 
the type of innovations which will prove to be the best solutions; and 
competitor without regard to the person’s place of incorporation, primary place of business, citizenship, and residency, as applicable; and 
shall establish and maintain a board, to be known as the IPrize Board, to advise and assist the Director of NIH in carrying out this section. 
‘‘(ii) Four members appointed by the Director of NIH. 
‘‘(iii) One member appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(vi) One member appointed by the minority leader in the Senate. 
the IPrize Board shall each be appointed for a term of 5 years. 
The initial appointed members of the IPrize Board shall be appointed not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section. 
shall be responsible for advising the Director of NIH by— 
science that could realize significant advancements through the creation of a prize competition; 
business organizations or other entities have successfully met the criteria established for the prize competition; and 
health economists, academia, and industry on how to conduct prize competitions. 
Any member of the IPrize Board, and any officer or employee of the National Institutes of Health responsible for carrying out this section, may not personally or substantially participate in the consideration or determination by the IBoard of any matter that would directly or predictably effect any financial interest of— 
The Director of NIH may not, with respect to an innovation, award a prize under this section to any individual or entity that has a vested financial interest in any product or procedure that is likely to be developed or marketed because of such innovation. 
such one or more contracts, submit to the Congress a report on the results of the simulation and assessment. 
funded through the prize competitions under this section; and 
The Federal Government may not gain an interest in intellectual property developed by a participant in a prize competition under this section without the written consent of the participant. 
may negotiate a license for the use of intellectual property developed by a participant in a prize competition under this section.’’. 
Page 26, line 11, insert ‘‘, as amended by 
Page 26, line 13, strike ‘‘ 409K ’’ and insert 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
his work on the 21st Century Cures Act, finally making medical breakthroughs a national priority. With this bill, we will extend the longevity and improve the lives of millions of Americans now and in the future. And in the process, we will dramatically reduce the taxpayer money we spend to treat sick Americans. 
With all that in mind, I want to highlight an amendment that my thoughtful and hardworking colleague, Dr. HARRIS of Maryland, and I have worked 
on, and I urge my colleagues’ support. This amendment would create within NIH a structure for a medical prize program. 
The United States is currently spending $632 billion per year through just one program, Medicare, to cover health services of qualified beneficiaries. To help lower taxpayer costs as well as 
improve patient outcomes, this amendment will offer modest monetary rewards to those outside of government who can develop significant medical breakthroughs. 
The medical prize program will encourage scientists and entrepreneurs, especially those that don’t typically receive NIH grants, to develop cost saving, lifeimproving cures for some of the most debilitating diseases that afflict our young and old. 
your support of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
appreciate the efforts of the amendment’s sponsors, I cannot support the YoungHarris amendment. 
threatens to undermine the independent peer review process that is the bedrock of NIH funding by injecting politics into the development and implementation of the prize competition. 
The amendment would create an innovation prize advisory board to assist the NIH Director in carrying out the prize competition that is composed of nine members, four of which are politically appointed. It would also take away resources from existing research grant programs and other research efforts at NIH. 
reserve for the prize competition, money that would go back into the Treasury instead of funding research if the prize is not won in a given fiscal year. 
While I am not opposed to the potential of setting up a prizelike system— in fact, NIH already has such authority—I would prefer to work with the sponsors on the language to find a more appropriate way to accomplish their goals. Therefore, I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. 
as chairman of the committee that I look forward to working with the gentleman on the language. I think this is an important amendment. I am going to speak in favor of it on Mr. YOUNG ’s 
But I just want to pledge that we will 
work with you on language that certainly we can all accept, knowing that the goal is a very good one. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I would just add that the purpose of this amendment, obviously, well received on both sides of the aisle—perhaps there are particulars we can work on—is to catalyze more innovation among the thousands, tens of thousands of entrepreneurs and 
thinking about medical breakthroughs, about actually curing diseases, as a preventative measure, we can save significant amounts of money in the long term. We can dramatically improve lives in the shorter term. 
Government funding as a reward for these innovations to our Nation’s innovators, our entrepreneurs, our doers. 
suboptimal for a lot of these individuals. I can speak to one individual. He used to be my neighbor, Fazni Aziz, of Bloomington, Indiana. He is a Thomas Edisonlike figure, and he used to have a workshop right next to his house. He developed medical devices on his own and sold them off to larger companies. 
grant. He will never apply for one. He doesn’t have time to apply for one. Would he target a medical innovation on account of a prize that is offered? Indeed. We have consulted with him. 
around the world that can help Americans, we have developed this prize program. 
in support of this important amendment that, with Mr. YOUNG and Dr. 
conduct a prize program. The intent of the amendment is, in fact, to incentivize health innovation by offering competitors the chance to win a prize for developing breakthroughs. We ought to be encouraging that. 
prize competition would keep all of the intellectual property rights. I think that is very important. 
So I would ask my colleagues to support the amendment. I look forward to working with both sides of the aisle to make sure that we can, in fact, perfect it as we get to the end of the cycle and, ultimately, to the President’s desk. 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–193. 
make such conforming changes as may be necessary). The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 350, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
pleased to offer this amendment with my colleagues, two great women, Representative JANSCHAKOWSKY and Representative Y VETTE CLARKE . 
would strike a provision in this bill that applies to any policy riders included in the annual Labor, Health and Human Services and Agricultural appropriations bills to the new National Institutes of Health funds and the Federal Drug Administration funds included in H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
law restrictions on appropriations bills, like the Hyde amendment, which is restrictive and discriminatory against lowincome women to make their own reproductive healthcare decisions. Now this would apply to this new fund created for the NIH in this bill. 
about. It is yet another attempt to insert abortion restrictions and other inappropriate riders into an unrelated bill. 
innovative research. The 21st Century Cures Act should have been a noncontroversial, bipartisan effort. But antichoice leaders could not help but add this to the bill after—mind you, after—it had passed out of committee on a bipartisan vote. It is really outrageous and part of a larger effort to force the inclusion of these harmful Hyde restrictions in multiple and unrelated bills. 
We know that these dangerous policies disproportionately affect lowincome women and women of color. So our amendment is about removing these inappropriate and consistent attacks on a woman’s right to make her own healthcare decisions. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, I claim 
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS), the chairman of 
opposition to the Lee amendment. If passed, this amendment would allow the National Institutes of Health to use taxpayer dollars to conduct experiments involving abortion or to hone abortion techniques. 
simply applies current Federal health policies that have been approved by both Republican and Democrat majorities for decades to new funds appropriated in the Cures bill. It is nothing 
are the status quo. Americans do not want their tax dollars used to destroy unborn lives. A poll conducted just this January showed 68 percent of Americans oppose taxpayer funding for abortion. 
about finding cures and protecting the health and wellbeing of Americans. It would be a terrible injustice if a bill designed to save lives were to become a conduit for the destruction of the most vulnerable, the voiceless unborn who are still too young to be heard crying out for help. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), a cosponsor of 
Our amendment would strike the policy riders that were added to the 21st Century Cures Act after it passed unanimously the Energy and Commerce Committee, 51–0. 
remove the unnecessary addition of the Hyde amendment. The Hyde amendment is a discriminatory policy that denies millions of women the full range of healthcare choices, and it has no business being included in this legislation. 
It is time for us to stop using these 
bills as a way to discriminate against women. Going forward, as far as I am concerned, I will not support any bill that adds such language. 
It is time for us to stop taking away 
health services from lowincome women, from women serving in the military, from Federal employees, and from every woman who relies on the Federal Government for her health insurance. All women, regardless of their incomes and what insurance they have, deserve to make their own health choices. 
to the goals of this otherwise bipartisan landmark legislation, and I ask that Members vote in favor of our amendment. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ), the vice 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Chairman, I do rise in opposition to this amendment. I think it is important to realize a couple of things. 
out on this issue. Sixtyeight percent of all Americans oppose taxpayer dollars being used for abortions. Seventy one percent of all millennials oppose this. What the Lee amendment would do is 
strip away bipartisan agreements that we use in appropriations bills. This is not something that is new. It is not language that is new. 
language has been around for a very long time. The Lee amendment would reverse important limitations to protect these taxpayer dollars. 
abortion. There is also prohibition for the use of public funds to advocate for gun control, limit Federal grants from being awarded to tax cheats. Do we really want tax cheats being able to get Federal dollars? 
spending for public employees. Do we really want them to be able to waste these dollars? Of course not. Of course not. 
bill. I encourage my colleagues to vote against the Lee amendment. 
minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. CLARKE ), another cosponsor 
Chair, today I rise in support of the LeeSchakowskyClarke amendment, and I thank them for their leadership in advancing this amendment. 
which received unanimous support from members of the Energy and Commerce Committee, demonstrates that Democrats and Republicans can work together in an effort to develop medicines, treatments, and cures that will save lives. 
Unfortunately, our bipartisan consensus has been undermined by a last minute inclusion of an antichoice provision in this bill. This new provision, which is a cynical poison pill and lacks germaneness to the underlying bill, would place restrictions on women’s ability to access health services. 
It fails to respect the personal dignity of women by limiting their healthcare options. It interferes with the private relationship between a woman and her doctor, and it denies women what I believe is their fundamental right to have control over their own bodies. 
provision will only serve as confirmation for the skeptics, who believe that Members of Congress are simply unable to work with each other in the public interest. 
the skeptic by voting for this amendment and stripping out this provision. 
ask how much time is remaining on each side? 
from Michigan has 2 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from California has 1 minute remaining. 
to the Lee amendment. The Lee amendment would strip dozens of important limitations and restrictions that routinely apply to funding appropriated by Congress with bipartisan support and through the normal appropriation process. 
strike limitations that, as has been noted, would prevent taxpayer dollars from being used to destroy life. And, frankly, they have been in place since the seventies, going back to the Henry Hyde days in the House. 
strike other commonsense protections that normally apply to appropriated funds. This includes restrictions that prevent Federal grants from being awarded to tax cheats. 
should it pass, to allow abuse of taxpayer funds. So I would urge the House to reject this amendment. 
the riders that are in place would apply to each of the years of the NIH funds. And I think that that is appropriate, that the Lee amendment would undermine that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ), a leader of this bill and 
in strong support of the Lee amendment, which removes completely unnecessary and intrusive policy riders attached to the funding provisions of the underlying bill after its unanimous passage from our committee. 
At best, these policy riders are immaterial provisions that have no effect on the policies and activities of the NIH or FDA. Many of them interfere with researchers and the scientific understanding that can make us all safer and healthier. 
The inclusion of the Hyde amendment, among these riders, is especially offensive. The last I heard, neither the NIH or the FDA ever performed abortions. And so Hyde’s restrictions remind us that even bipartisan efforts are not immune from political attacks. 
patients in America, and their healthcare needs should not be insulted and restricted by this Congress. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Congresswomen LEE, S CHAKOWSKY , and 
CLARKE , for introducing this amendment. We should remove these policy riders and keep 21st Century Cures’ focus on the great potential to do more for patients. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–193. 
Page 32, line 8, insert before the period the 
following: ‘‘, including underrepresented individuals in the sciences, such as women and other minorities’’. 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) and a Member 
Member P ALLONE , and also Congresswoman D EGETTE for their work on this 
when the NIH reports on its retention of young scientists, it includes data specifically related to women and other underrepresented minority populations in the scientific community. 
time in opposition, although I do not oppose this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Madam Chair, we support this amendment. I think that it is important. It would include underrepresented individuals in the sciences in the NIH report on efforts to attract, retain, and develop emerging scientists. 
NIH is indeed focused on including all qualified individuals dedicated to finding cures. 
I know no one that is opposed to this 
amendment. We support it. I appreciate your hard work on this and look forward to having it be part of the process as it moves forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Madam Chair, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the ranking 
this amendment would require the NIH to report on their specific efforts to attract more women and racial and ethnic minorities into the biomedical workforce. 
harmful trend of limited participation by women and racial and ethnic minorities in the biomedical workforce. 
To remain the world’s leader in research, we must encourage the best and brightest from all populations to pursue biomedical research careers. Without robust participation by 
women and ethnic minorities, we risk losing our position as having the best biomedical workforce in the world. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
gives me an opportunity to not only thank the gentleman for his very astute amendment, but to thank the sponsors of this bill, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. 
GREEN , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. U PTON , for 
the House Science Committee, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas because all we heard very often was the value of investing in minorities and women as the new cutting edge of scientific research. 
but we are delighted with your emphasis on the recruiting of women and minorities, particularly for the young emerging scientists, and primarily because they begin to fuel the next generation of research and the next generation of the solving of problems, which is the American Cures Act. 
amendment and say to you that the documentation is long, that these individuals will then fill the laboratories of America and begin to do cuttingedge research to be able to create a better life for all of us. 
thank Chairman UPTON and the Republicans for their cooperation on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. HILL). The 
question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . SLAUGHTER  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–193. 
ADDITIONAL MEDICARE PAYMENT FOR DISARM D RUGS ON USAGE PRACTICES AND DEVEL OPMENT OF RESISTANCE .— 
House Resolution 350, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ) and a 
today in support of my amendment which directs the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control, to study whether incentivizing the use of new antibiotics, which the underlying bill does, will lead to antibiotic resistance and cause these lifesaving drugs to be less effective. 
Cures Act authorizes additional payments to hospitals for using newly developed antibiotics. 
antibiotics is that we have frittered away one of the greatest medical achievements of the 21st century by overusing the ones that we already have and hastening the development of bacterial resistance. 
use a new generation of antibiotics will just repeat the cycle of overuse and develop more drugresistant superbugs. Quite simply, the taxpayers should not foot the bill for practices that are making antibiotics less effective. 
study the effect the bill would have on drugs that are part of the foundation of modern medicine. I urge my colleagues, many of whom have expressed their alarm at the rise of antibiotic resistance, to support the amendment. 
I am certainly not alone in my concern about this section of the bill. I know there are several Members, myself included, who will feel safer if section 2123 was removed entirely. 
Kingdom review on antimicrobial resistance, led by brilliant economist Jim O’Neill, noted that increasing reimbursements for new antibiotics risks undermining ‘‘good infection control and antibiotic stewardship practices within hospitals.’’ The study required by this amendment will provide valuable data on the link between efforts to incentivize development of new antibiotics and the development of resistance to make sure we don’t repeat the cycle. 
about what is at stake here. Worldwide, antibioticresistant infections already kill 700,000 people every year. If we don’t act now, by the year 2050, according to Mr. O’Neill’s study, the annual death toll will rise to 10 million a year, and the costs will be $100 trillion. 
told us that the very future of medicine is at stake. Without antibiotics, 
replacements and organ transplants would be impossible, and even the routine procedures such as dental work and caesarean sections would be too risky to perform. 
We have to remember that our urgent need for new antibiotics is due to our widespread misuse and overuse of the current antibiotics that led to the crisis of antibiotic resistance. We have to cure that before we use new antibiotics. 
antibiotics prescribed to humans are unnecessary, but 80 percent of the antibiotics produced in the United States are used on industrial farms where they are routinely fed to healthy animals. It is an absolute recipe for creating antibiotic resistance. We can’t afford to keep using such precious, livesaving resources so thoughtlessly. The changes in how our current antibiotics are used are desperately needed. 
doesn’t do what I would really like to do, which would be to protect eight classes of antibiotics just for use in human health by not allowing their use on the farm except for sick animals. 
antibiotics, 80 percent, are fed to well animals every single day. However, the amendment will ensure that we can know whether incentives to develop new antibiotics continue the problem of resistance. Having effective antibiotic for humans is too important not to get this right. 
to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
I am not in opposition to the amendment, I claim the time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, we 
strongly support this amendment, and I congratulate the gentlewoman for offering it. 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON), the former chairman, ranking 
member, subcommittee chair, ranking member, and now chairman emeritus and former deputy whip. 
the podium right behind me on the Republican side, what do you see? Carved into the balustrade is the word ‘‘liberty.’’ If you look on the Democratic side, what do you see? You see the word ‘‘justice.’’ If you look straight down the center aisle right between them, what do you see? It is ‘‘tolerance.’’ 
us today is a culmination of 4 years of hard work between both political parties and both leaderships of the Energy and Commerce Committee on both 
sides of the aisle in which a lot of tolerance has been exhibited. 
haven’t gotten everything that we want in this bill, and liberals on the Democratic side haven’t gotten everything they want on this bill, but the work product is a culmination of an open process that Chairman UPTON and 
been invited to numerous working groups—probably 10, 15, I don’t know— and have been given every opportunity to have input into what they want and what they don’t want. 
will stay law. It will become law, and it will unite the medical research community. There are things in this bill that I have worked on for 10 years that will help find cures sooner rather than later. 
office in Texas 4 days ago. Her son has autism, and he is 11 years old. He is her only child. They literally don’t know what to do. He speaks one word at a time. He becomes violent. 
are doing amazing research in autism. This bill will facilitate and expedite that. I am tired of telling parents of children: I don’t know. I can’t help you. 
I want to say: Here is what we are 
This bill does that. Now, Mr. Chairman, there is a $2 billion mandatory program for 5 years called the innovation fund. Some of my conservative friends have said: Oh, we can’t vote for the bill because of that program. 
mandatory program—$40 billion that was not offset. Every Republican in the House voted for that—I might point out every Democrat voted against it— and that was voluntary. The people could participate or not participate, but it was mandatory that the Federal Government had to spend the money. 
veterans, $10 billion. Every Republican in the House voted for that. It wasn’t offset. 
Now, I would rather that we have everything discretionary. I wish the whole Federal budget was discretionary except for Social Security, but it is not. 
come together. Let’s vote for something that we can all be proud of so that we can tell the parents of children with autism that there is hope and there is a future. 
Vote ‘‘yes.’’ Please vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Chairman, I 
very much want to thank Mr. UPTON  for his graciousness in accepting this, 
and I look forward to working with him further on this issue. 
my time to the gentleman from Texas, Congressman GENEGREEN . 
Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member on the Rules Committee for bringing up this amendment. I support the amendment. 
some great provisions in there for the next generation of research on antibiotics. Congressman JOHN SHIMKUS  
and I worked on it this session, and previously, over the last two sessions, Congressman Phil Gingrey and I worked on it. 
is not just a new generation, but we also need to not overuse what we have. That is a problem in our country. As I say, I have sinus infections, but those antibiotics won’t help it. We need to make sure we don’t overuse. 
Mr. Chairman, I am glad our colleague has come up with the amendment, and I support her amendment. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), a 
part of this H.R. 6 Cures Act, and I thank Chairman UPTON and his staff 
for including it. It is a focal point of a lot of discussion on both sides of the aisle as it relates to antibiotics. 
health threat that has manifested itself interestingly and sadly in two important ways near my constituency in the Chicago area. 
at Lutheran General Hospital cultured positive for CRE, which is known as the nightmare bacteria. To put this in perspective, previously, only 96 cases had been reported to the CDC before. Nearby, in Algonquin, Illinois, two cases of an ostensibly drugresistant tuberculosis were also diagnosed. Now, according to the CDC, 23,000 patients die annually from this. 
is embedded in Cures, H.R. 6—is it gets researchers and scientists back in the business of antibiotic research and development by modernizing how Medicare views treatments for infections that are considered to be unmet medical needs. 
cost to ensure a functioning marketplace where the right treatment is used at the right time for the right patient helping to reinvigorate the pipeline of drugs and development, and it is a critical piece of the drug resistance puzzle. 
Cures, H.R. 6, and I thank Chairman UPTON . 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGH TER). 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–193. 
It is the sense of the Congress that recording unique device identifiers at the pointof care in electronic health record systems could significantly enhance the availability of medical device data for postmarket surveillance purposes. 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, first, I want to express my deep appreciation to Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member 
these innovative reforms will save lives, and that is something that everyone in this Chamber should be proud of. There are a lot of wonderful provisions in this bill, and we should see those provisions through. 
Rare Disease Caucus. Like most of us here, I have met with constituents with incredible stories of courage and stories of their battle with diseases without treatments. It would be easy to fall victim to despair, but they don’t. 
for a treatment and hope for a world where no one else has to go through what they did. They look to us to support them and to fight alongside them for these treatments in lifesaving research, and I am proud to stand with them and to fight for them. 
There is a part of this bill that I believe will do more harm than good, and that is the part that deals with easing medical device safety regulations. While we bring our research and treatments into the 21st century, I think it is equally important we bring our medical device safety regulations into the 21st century as well. 
medical devices, the FDA has established a unique device identification system to adequately identify medical devices through their distribution and use. These codes can significantly improve safety and help track down dangerous recalled products. 
Currently, these UDIs are not incorporated into all electronic health records, which make it difficult to fully achieve the benefits to patient safety. For example, a claim form might list a procedure like a routine surgery to remove uterine fibroids, but not note the make or model of the device used, such as the laparoscopic power morcellator, a device that the FDA placed a black box warning on, some manufacturers have recalled, and some insurance companies have stopped covering as a result of its devastatingly adverse effects on women’s health. 
power morcellator that has driven me to action, and it is why I offered eight amendments to the Rules Committee which would strengthen our safety laws. 
of these individuals affected by complications from power morcellation. One doctor from California sent me a note about how her sister died 9 months after a routine surgery with a power morcellator. A woman from Massachusetts described her battle with the cancer that was spread by the morcellator. These constituents wrote their letters to Members of Congress and copied my office. 
lost her sister to cancer spread by the morcellator and described her sister’s tragedy as ‘‘a routine surgery ending with a death sentence.’’ A constituent of mine, a doctor and a mother of six children, is courageously fighting an aggressive cancer that was spread by the blades of the device. 
the power morcellator should never be allowed to happen again, and I think that we missed an opportunity with this bill to tackle this problem head on. 
that allowed the power morcellator to slip through and cause unnecessary harm to way too many families. 
safety regulations into the 21st century. I ask my colleagues to join me in this effort and to support this amendment of mine today, which is a small but important step. 
I am proud to stand for patient safety. I urge my colleagues to stand with me and the thousands of others who have been injured or killed by unsafe medical devices. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS). 
support of the amendment offered by Representative FITZPATRICK . The Fitzpatrick amendment would 
put forward a sense of Congress that our healthcare system should find ways to incorporate information from medical devices into the care of our Nation’s patients. 
prove a valuable tool advancing quality health care in this country, but it must be done carefully to ensure that the value to patients, healthcare providers, industry, and the government is realized. 
in opposition, although I do want to speak in favor of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
Mr. Chairman, the amendment offered today by Congressman FITZPATRICK expresses a sense of Congress that recording unique device identifiers within electronic health records could significantly enhance the availability of medical device data for purposes of postmarket surveillance. 
UDIs. In the Food and Drug Administration Amendment Act of 2007, we required FDA to establish a unique device identification system; and in the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012, we required FDA to promulgate final implementing regulations on how UDIs should be used. 
into our health system will lead to improved medical devices and care across our healthcare system that will modernize how FDA monitors the safety of 
medical devices after they have been approved or cleared, and it will enable FDA and providers to identify medical devices with a history of safety issues. It also will facilitate recalls and make it easier for patients to learn when their medical device, such as a knee implant, is subject to a recall. 
more tool that can help FDA and our healthcare system improve their monitoring of the safety of medical devices. Incorporating UDIs into electronic health records will take time, but it is a worthy goal, and one that I support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Ranking Member PALLONE and Chairman P ITTS for their 
a small step toward improving medical device safety in the United States. 
have seven amendments that did not make it out of Rules Committee, and I hope to be able to work with the chairman and the ranking member on those issues as well. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The unique device identifier (UDI) is an extremely important patientsafety tool, and can help identify safety concerns with devices more quickly or disprove a suspected problem. I support the inclusion of UDI in electronic health records, as this amendment encourages. But I have also been working in the Ways and Means Committee to include the UDI in Medicare claims. 
As is the case with any new medical technology, not all adverse events are detected in the product’s market approval or clearance processes. However, we can mitigate the impact on patients with a robust postmarket surveillance program. 
more than 120 medical devices, but in many cases, the recall occurs only after the devices have been implanted in or used by hundreds or thousands of patients. This can result in extensive revision surgeries, severe pain or other medical problems, and in some cases, even death. In a 2001 device recall case, Sweden’s postmarket surveillance program successfully identified the faulty device after it had been implanted in 30 patients. By contrast, the same device was implanted into 3,000 U.S. patients before the gravity of the problem was recognized. 
been very successful in tracking and evaluating adverse events linked to the use of pharmaceuticals, relies primarily on data from health insurance claims. Because claims currently lack information on the specific devices used in patients’ care, Sentinel cannot be expanded to include medical devices as Congress has directed FDA to do. This is a missed opportunity. 
devices that improve their health and their lives. And a vote for this amendment tells patients that we owe it to them and to be able to quickly identify problems with devices when they arise. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–193. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report assessing the feasibility, benefits, and risks associated with establishing an expedited, twotiered approval process for devices (as defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)) that would enable devices to be lawfully marketed as of the date on which the device has been shown to be safe— 
process on survival rates and quality of life measures for seniors and individuals with disabilities; 
process on survival rates and quality of life measures of individuals suffering from life threatening or irreversibly debilitating human diseases or conditions; 
a process could be designed so as to guarantee that patient safety is not compromised; 
fraudulent or ineffective devices could be marketed to patients under such a process and how such risks could be successfully mitigated; 
of a device, the effectiveness of which has not yet been shown; or 
effectiveness of which has not been shown within a specified timeframe; and 
process should be applicable to all devices or to only devices that have been granted specific designations by the Secretary or been determined eligible to be approved under specific approval programs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). 
House Resolution 350, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
like to start by commending Chairman UPTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. G REEN , and so many others. I am proud to join as a cosponsor for the 21st Century Cures Act, which is really a first step to updating our approval process to help countless Americans gain access to lifesaving drugs and devices. 
to support it and send a strong message that we need to move forward with reform. 
this bill, we should start thinking about what the next step is. Passage of this bill should not foreclose additional opportunities in the future to improve access to lifesaving medical device products and lifesaving drugs. Most importantly, this body can 
move forward with the next generation and start the process to help people get access to medical technology that can help keep people healthy, independent, save lives, and save money. 
It is in that spirit that I put forward 
my amendment, which would look at a twotiered approval process for medical devices, that would allow devices to come to market once they have demonstrated safety while the FDA is still reviewing them for efficacy. 
world. In the U.S., the cost of bringing a medical device to market through the approval process is $30 million to $100 million. Those are costs that are then added to consumers of the medical device. That makes it even more difficult for niche medical devices that may help rare and unusual conditions because they are priced prohibitively. 
timeline. In the European market, for instance, if somebody creates a new device to prevent blood clots, it reaches the market in 7 to 11 months. In the U.S. market, they are looking at a timeline of 2
many sufferers might die or have additional health problems simply because our own government is keeping that lifesaving product off the market, even though it has been demonstrated as safe. 
medical technology companies are bypassing the U.S. market altogether when they develop new devices, which can result in yearslong delays for access to U.S. patients and, in some cases, companies who view the U.S. approval system as too expensive market their devices exclusively in other nations. 
what comes next. I think that with both devices and drugs, we need to look at the potential for a twotiered process that allows a provisional approval and access to the U.S. market. That doesn’t mean that insurance will cover it. That doesn’t mean, clearly, that they can make any health claims with regard to the efficacy of their product. That is in existing law. But with regard to the safety being demonstrated, the provisional marketing of the product in America can save lives and will save lives. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise not necessarily in opposition to the amendment, but concerning the amendment offered by my colleague, Congressman POLIS. 
with him on the legislation to enhance patient access to therapies. 
However, I am concerned this amendment as drafted would lower the approval standard for medical devices and suggest that patients should be exposed to products that are not proven effective. 
standard for safety and effectiveness. While I support efforts to modernize and improve the standard, safety cannot be evaluated in a vacuum, and patients should not be offered treatments that have not been studied or proven useful to their care. 
commitment to improving our healthcare system. I would like to work with him forward on that because he was correct in his statement, this doesn’t mean it will be reimbursed. So we are proving a device is safe but it is not effective. I think there is a way, maybe, we can still make sure that not only we want it to be safe, but we want also to solve the problem or have a cure for whatever particular illness. 
like to give my commitment, too. I would like to work with the gentleman from Colorado. This is an important issue. I believe it has got merit, but we have got to make sure that it is designed just the right way. 
I want to say it is probably the lateness of the timing of the amendment when it came forward. It is my understanding the gentleman may withdraw the amendment—I would appreciate that—and allow us some time to really get together and see if there might be another day. 
want to join with my other colleagues, Mr. GREEN and also the chairman, that 
we do understand the purpose of the Polis amendment, but we do have problems with it at the same time. We would like to have a conversation with Mr. POLIS about it. I understand he is 
going to withdraw it. Then we would follow up and have a conversation and perhaps a meeting with the FDA as well. 
to have, both with regard to devices and also with regard to drugs. 
that are available overseas. I represent a district with, by the way, one of the largest veterinary hospitals in our country, Colorado State University 
Veterinary Teaching Hospital, and I can tell you that there are actually treatments, advance treatments available today for animals with cancer, like horses, that are not yet approved for humans and are lifesaving. 
If we can provide access in a shortened timeframe—I understand that while medical devices might cost $30 million to $100 million to bring to market, drugs often cost over $1 billion to bring to market. 
by the way, in making sure that, as part of this provisional process, at least with regard to drugs, the data can be gathered, too. So it can serve a dual function and might, at the same time complying with some of the needs or an updating of the needs of some of the phases of FDA efficacy trials, it can actually be available through a market oriented plan where people, consumers who are fully informed and, of course, to whom no health claims have been made, can choose to purchase the product, just as they can today, by the way, but they have to buy it overseas and import it for their own personal use. I have constituents who do that. But I think we can facilitate that process. 
chair and the ranking member of the committee and the subcommittee with regard to helping to bring access to lifesaving medical devices and pharmaceutical products to our shore. 
was actually going to rise in opposition to the amendment, although now it is being withdrawn I see an opportunity here for, perhaps, us to work together on the medical device safety issue. 
against the amendment because it is my concern that the amendment would actually loosen medical device safety regulations and permit safe but ineffective devices to get to the market. I know that this sort of came late in the process. I would have objected because I had seven amendments before the committee to strengthen medical device regulations. But since the amendment is being withdrawn, I would see an opportunity for us perhaps to work together, take a step back and look at all the FDA regulations on medical device safety. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–193. 
have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall conduct outreach to historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanic serving institutions, Native American colleges, and rural colleges to ensure that health professionals from underrepresented populations are aware of research opportunities under this Act. 
House Resolution 350, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
let me add my appreciation to Mr. UPTON , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
PALLONE , and Mr. G REEN , and I ask the 
simple question: When have we had a historic opportunity on the floor of the House to have such a major investment—major investment—in the lives and health of Americans, quality investment involving a mandatory fund that will open America’s labs and put more people in labs and be able to give people relief on some of the issues that we have heard discussed today? 
sadness that comes of parents that cannot find answers. Many of them are my constituency who have children with sickle cell, as we have been attempting to research this disease for many, many years; or the lupus that took advantage of a very active civic leader and caused the hospitalization for months; or this issue of triple negative breast cancer that many people are not aware of. 
emphasize the importance of outreach to our Historically Black Colleges, HispanicServing, Indian, Native American, and rural colleges. 
Physicians are a gateway to the patient. In short, the Jackson Lee amendment seeks to open up the physician gateway for patients and to researchers. It is to emphasize STEM education. It is to talk about the different medical illnesses and how important it is to reach out to these particular institutions to produce more medical professionals. 
Control and Prevention, sickle cell trait is common among African Americans and occurs in about 1 in 12. Additionally, race and ethnicity have also been shown to affect the effectiveness in response to certain drugs. 
colleges to be in our labs, to be physicians, and to welcome minorities into the clinical labs; because we have evidence to show of the short numbers of individuals who volunteer for clinicals, and minorities are at the low end. 
the Jackson Lee amendment. Open the doors of research and patient care through doctors, and open the doors of solving some of these very difficult diseases. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
good amendment, and it builds on what a member of our committee, BOBBY  
perform outreach to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, to Hispanic serving institutions, Native American colleges, and rural colleges to ensure health professionals from unrepresented areas are, in fact, aware of research opportunities under this act. It is a real complement to what was done before. 
markup process and was very supportive of a number of amendments through the night. In fact, we worked on those amendments and included them in the manager’s amendment. I offered them the very next morning, and they were accepted on a voice vote. This is clearly a bipartisan amendment. It is essential that we include everyone as we find cures for all. 
together on a number of healthrelated issues over the years, on date rape drugs and other issues that really strike to the heart. So I appreciate her value in adding this amendment, and I very strongly support it. 
special day. This is probably the first day that I would have preferred to have been a member of the chairman’s committee rather than of the Appropriations Committee. The committee should be congratulated for its great work on this bill, and I am happy to be an original cosponsor. 
It is critically important that we have serious outreach to all of our universities and medical centers, including African American, Hispanic, Native American universities, and those in the most rural parts of our country. 
am delighted to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ), the distinguished ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
scientists from all populations understand Congress’ commitment to ensuring that the funding is there to support our biomedical workforce. 
Requiring the Secretary to do outreach to colleges and universities that educate large numbers of students from underrepresented groups will ensure that all groups know of our commitment to making sure that funding is not a barrier to a career in biomedical research. 
my time, Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. UPTON . I certainly thank Mr. F ATTAH , 
friend from Texas (Mr. G REEN ) for his 
illnesses have been known to have a higher prevalence amongst certain demographic groups, including type 2 diabetes, lupus, sickle cell anemia, triple negative breast cancer, and many other forms of diseases impacting our children, ones with early birth. 
So I ask my colleagues again to support this because increased diversity in research trials could help researchers find better, more precise ways to fight diseases that disproportionately impact certain populations and may be important for the safe and effective use of therapies. 
and I join with Mr. UPTON to say that 
we have been friends. We started with the first bill together, and all of these Members have come together to put a historic mark on this Nation to say that we will not take a back step to any nation on research and on improving the quality of life for all of our citizens. 
I must say that this is a historic day 
as well for minorities. I thank Mr. RUSH for his constant service, and I 
take note of the fact that increased in this is the ability to raise the FDA loans that people might get to $50,000, which will help many minorities. I hold this chart to show that minorities don’t volunteer for clinicals without the outreach. 
Finally, I am delighted to have a letter from United Negro College Fund President Michael Lomax, who indicates that 25 percent of African American graduates with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and math come from our Historically Black Colleges. 
They are waiting in line to be a part 
of these clinicals, to be doctors and researchers, and we must give them that opportunity. It is a historic day. UNITED NEGRO COLLEGE FUND, INC., 
behalf of UNCF (the United Negro College Fund), our 37 member private historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and the students we serve, I write to express our strong support for your amendment to H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, which would 
require the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to increase its outreach to underrepresented health professionals and researchers regarding federal research opportunities. 
and Universities (HBCUs) are making strong contributions to the nation’s scientific, technological, and research workforce. HBCUs enroll 10 percent of African American undergraduates, but produce 25 percent of African American graduates with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields. According to the National Science Foundation (NSF), ten of the top eleven baccalaureate institutions producing African American STEM doctorate recipients are HBCUs. Four HBCU medical institutions supply over 50 percent of African Americans who receive doctoral degrees in medicine, dentistry, and the biomedical sciences each year. 
to tap into this talent pool in the dissemination of federal research grants at the National Institutes of Health, the NSF, and other federal science agencies continues to lag behind. Your amendment will help draw greater attention to the disproportionately low representation of minority researchers in U.S. Department of Health and Human Servicessupported biomedical and behavioral research. 
vital need to diversify and strengthen the nation’s scientific and research workforce and thank you for your ongoing advocacy to drive improvement. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I cannot conclude my remarks without saying that just a few minutes ago, by video, I witnessed the flag of South Carolina—the rebel flag—being taken down. 
I would only say that it is a unifying 
factor. This bill is a unifying factor, and it is going to help all of us. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
desk. It is listed in the Rule as Jackson Lee #8. 
I wish to thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Rules for making the Jackson Lee Amendment in order. 
Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE for their collaborative effort that resulted 
in this bipartisan legislation being reported favorably to the House by a vote of 51–0. 
I thank them all for this opportunity to explain the Jackson Lee Amendment, which makes a good bill even better by ensuring that the national goals of finding and bringing more cures and treatments to patients and strengthening the biomedical innovation ecosystem in the United States is aided by an expanding pool of diverse and talented medical researchers. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall conduct outreach to historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanicserving institutions, Native American colleges, and rural colleges to ensure that health professionals from underrepresented populations are aware of research opportunities under this Act. 
of access to quality healthcare and proper health awareness. 
For example, consider that: 1. AfricanAmericans represent 12% of the 
U.S. population but only 5% of clinical trial participants. 
Other significant barriers to diversified clinical trials, which are the key to sound medical research and the foundation for medical cures and breakthroughs, as reported by investigators and coordinators are insurance status, patient inconvenience costs, availability of transportation, distance to the study site, and patient and family concerns about risk. 
But the most significant barriers limiting clinical participation are race, age, and sex of participants: 
less experience and are relatively more costly to engage. 
3. Minority patients with limited English proficiency can require costly translation services. 
The first step in engaging women and minorities in clinical trials is finding them. 
seek physicians of their own race, so bringing these doctors into trials is critical. 
‘‘Physicians are the gateway to the patient’’. There are disturbing statistics on the number of African Americans, Hispanics and Native Americans pursuing academic qualification and participating in scientific research. 
rate of participation among diverse communities, including patient fear of experimentation and lack of understanding or education with regard to the importance of clinical trials in creating new treatments and cures. 
aid in the necessary effort to diversify the pool of doctors and medical researchers conducting clinical trials, and thereby helping to diversify the participants in the clinical trials. 
seeks to open the ‘‘physician gateway’’ to the patient. 
2011 that only 8.34% of the STEM doctorates awarded in 2006 were given to URMs, despite making up approximately 28% of the U.S. population. 
Furthermore, GAO noted that while the percentage of underrepresented minorities nationwide increased from 13% to 19% from 1994 to 2003, the total number of STEM doctorates awarded to the same group dropped during this period from 8,335 to 7,310. 
In response, the National Institute of General Medical Sciences (NIGMS) created the Minority Opportunities in Research (MORE) Division and similar academic intervention programs. The MORE programs are comprised of four 
primary components: research experience, mentoring and advisement, supplemental instruction and workshops, and financial support. 
billion, of which nearly $126 million was spent on its MORE programs. 
This amount includes the Minority Biomedical Research Support–Research Initiative for Scientific Enhancement (MBRS–RISE) program, the Minority Access to Research Careers (MARC), Postbaccalaureate Research Education Program (PREP), and the Bridges to the Baccalaureate and Bridges to the Ph.D. programs. 
programs reflects the commitment by the science and research community to the goals of the MORE Division in addressing this problem. 
to have higher prevalence in certain demographic groups, including type II diabetes, lupus, sickle cell anemia, and Triple Negative Breast Cancer for which African Americans are more than twice as likely to be diagnosed on average. 
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, sickle cell trait is common among African Americans and occurs in about 1 in 12, and sickle cell disease occurs in about 1 out of every 500 AfricanAmerican births, compared to about 1 out of every 36,000 HispanicAmerican births. 
affect the effectiveness of and response to certain drugs, such as antihypertensive therapies in the treatment of hypertension in African Americans and antidepressants in Hispanics. 
help researchers find better, more precise ways to fight diseases that disproportionately impact certain populations, and may be important for the safe and effective use of new therapies. 
and minorities to participate in clinical trials, we must be able to find them. 
And the key to finding minority patients is to 
find more physicians from their racial and ethnic groups because research has shown that physicians are the gateway to the patient. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–193 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BRAT  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 141, noes 281, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barr Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Crawford Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Grothman Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McClintock Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Newhouse Noem Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Trott Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (IN) Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Allen Ashford Barletta Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette 
DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Flores Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed 
Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
KNIGHT, HUFFMAN, and RYAN of Ohio changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 176, noes 245, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey 
Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) having assumed the 
Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 350, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on passage will be followed by a 5minute vote on approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 344, noes 77, not voting 12, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis Deutch 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Fattah Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna 
Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Babin Black Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Carter (TX) Conaway Crawford Culberson DeLauro DesJarlais Duffy Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleming 
Forbes Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Grijalva Grothman Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Issa Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Labrador Lamborn Lee Loudermilk 
Love Lummis Massie McClintock Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Nadler Neugebauer Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rokita Sanford Sensenbrenner 
is a proud day in the State of South Carolina and should be a proud day throughout the South in the United States of America, for the South Carolina legislature, under the direction of their Governor, took down the Confederate flag that flew on their capitol. 
It should be a proud day for all, for 
the South is much more than the flag, and the South has much to be proud of. But the flag symbolizes things that are not something the South should not be proud of. 
called Driveby Truckers, wrote a song called The Southern Thing and has a commentary in The New York Times Magazine this week, expressing why he hates hatred and sees the flag as divisive and why it should come down. 
It was the right thing to do. And the 
Mississippi State flag should come down, which has the rebel flag as part of its insignia and is in the halls of the Congress. That flag, as has been asked by Representative BENNIE THOMPSON of 
of racism have no place in the United States of America’s halls of Congress and should come down. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to thank my colleagues today for passing the 21st Century Cures Act to create a path forward to expedite the delivery of lifesaving and lifeimproving cures that will change the lives of millions across this Nation. 
years old and lives in Evans, Georgia. Arturo was diagnosed on his fourth birthday with autism. On that day, he had less than 50 words and was considered severely affected. The doctor didn’t give his family much hope for the future. 
Thanks to the dedication of his parents and innovation in our medical community there, today Arturo doesn’t even need speech therapy. However, he still needs medications which are currently caught up in bureaucratic red tape. 
provides a modern healthcare solution that gives hope to so many families like Arturo’s and others across this great country. 
this legislation today that will improve the lives of future generations. 
today to honor the four surviving charter members of the Tarrant County Black Historical & Genealogical Society, those being Ms. Erma Johnson Hadley, Ms. Opal Lee, Mr. Frank Moss, and Reverend Arthur Slaughter. 
& Genealogical Society began as a need for material relating to the Black history that was available to Tarrant County universities and libraries. 
began to collect personal papers, scrapbooks, clippings, photographic collections, artwork, and other relevant materials to create this society and, also, what is an incredible archive. 
Opal Lee, Frank Moss, and Reverend Slaughter continued the organization’s work to educate Tarrant County residents about its rich African American history, and they will be honored during this month’s Tarrant County Black Historical & Genealogical Biannual Member Luncheon at the Fort Worth 
charter members, the society continues to collect, preserve, and enrich our community, and I applaud their efforts. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. Speaker, we have all heard the phrase ‘‘if you have your health, you have everything.’’ 
debilitating diseases or caring for a family member with one, their ability to pursue life, liberty, and happiness is interrupted. 
spending is so vast in this country is because we have diseases and conditions requiring countless dollars. 
in the world. We have big ideas, and we want to provide the best future for our children and our grandchildren. 
one of those big ideas that will produce numerous benefits for everyone. And for fiscal conservatives like myself, we should appreciate this bill and its passage with overwhelming support. 
In our healthcare system, we diagnose disease, we treat symptoms, and we have thousands of new seniors on Medicare every day that we must take care of. The passage of this 21st Century Cures Act is a definitive way to take care of every American family. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
of the House, I rise in support of the urgent need to reauthorize the ExIm Bank. 
I spent the better part of 20 years of 
my life in export trading, and I know what a great benefit it has been to the small business community and the banking community. 
wants to provide financial support for local business people to export their goods and their products, but they don’t know if a sales contract in Timbuktu or Abu Dhabi or Lagos or wherever is a legitimate contract. So they have to rely on some kind of expertise. 
is why the local business community, supports the ExIm Bank, because they do that. And they do it for a fee. 
has generated almost $7 billion in profits over the last couple of decades, helping us with our deficit reduction and helping our small and medium sized companies to export their goods and services. 
I ask all my colleagues to take a look 
at their district and see how many small businesses benefit from that and join me in support. 
generate wealth, and exporting your goods is one of them. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
congratulate the Wayzata High School boys golf team on winning this year’s Minnesota State championship. 
After finishing in the runnerup position for the last two seasons, Wayzata broke through and won the State title by three strokes this year. It was a wellbalanced performance by the entire team that allowed them to take the championship. 
While many think of golf as an individual sport, it took strong performances from each and every golfer to bring home the State title. The game of golf, Mr. Speaker, can be very humbling, and it takes focus, mental toughness, and skill to compete at a very high level. 
their commitment and dedication not only to golf, but to their family obligations and their studies as well. The time commitments required to be a top high school athlete are not easy. And their friends, families, and communities are very proud. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
can see by this chart, the Federal gas user fee, at only $97 a year, buys drivers $515 in costs per driver because of bad roads. 
to 73 percent of the bridges in some States are deficient. Can you think of any other necessity, except the $97 gas user fee, that has not increased in 22 years? We are getting what we paid for in the hidden costs of bad roads and bridges. 
so disproportionate to the needs of the States that we are told that another shortterm extension—that would be the 34th—12 legislative days from now could yield a veto. 
extensions are useless. Only the next 2 weeks to get a longterm authorization is pushing it. Given the state of our bridges and roads, we have no alternative. END OF THE MANHUNT 
Americans across the country know, my district was the unfortunate home of a recent manhunt that captured the attention of our country. 
remained at large in our north country community after escaping from Clinton Correctional Facility. During this time period, hundreds and hundreds of brave law enforcement officers worked diligently to find these escaped convicts and protect our community. 
these brave law enforcement officers who risked their safety to protect the families in our neighborhoods, and I rise to thank our local communities for their patience and support during this difficult time. 
as to how this prison break occurred and do what is needed to stop this from ever happening again. But, for now, our north country community can sleep safer, knowing these two killers are no longer at large. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
think it is important to again note what a historic day this was, with the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act, which opens the opportunity for billions of dollars to be invested in the Nation’s clinics and laboratories to make America healthy and make America better. 
Commerce Committee. I am very proud to be one of its cosponsors. And I would like to say back to my constituents in Texas, the Texas Medical Center, and all of the research that is being done: Here is an opportunity to work on those unique and special diseases impacting children with lupus and other diseases. That is why change is not bad. 
Additionally, I join with the arguments in my district for changing the names of high schools that are not reflective of the Nation today, those named after confederate generals. The names of these high schools are not reflective of a unifying America. 
board should address this question and teach the children that that is the past history that was not a positive history and that we should reflect positively on unifying America and carrying the American flag. 
a very special day, the solemnity in the way the rebel flag was finally put to rest, put to rest, and taken to a relic museum, where it belongs. And we can stand here under this shining American flag saying that we, too, are Americans. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, when patent trolls use U.S. patents to game the system for illegitimate financial gain, it is much like counterfeiting because these are official U.S. documents. What would we do if we found a counterfeiter? Would we go after the counterfeiter, or would we devalue our currency to discourage counterfeiters? 
would wreck our economy just to go after counterfeiters by devaluing the currency. But that is what the Innovation Act, H.R. 9, does to patents. It devalues all patents, and it is going to wreck our economy if we pass it. 
Patents are the currency of invention. If you want invention to be strong in this country, you need to keep the patent system strong. 
today to celebrate the overwhelming passage of the 21st Century Cures Act. 
from advocates and individuals suffering from diseases like Alzheimer’s, ovarian cancer, multiple sclerosis, and epilepsy, to name a few. That is not just something I heard from my colleagues. Those diseases have stricken those in my family as well. 
families to support medical research so that individuals in our communities can live longer, healthier lives. 
Today’s legislation allows researchers and scientists to move forward in their efforts to produce lifesaving treatments, therapies, and cures for our loved ones. It will reduce medical uncertainty in the development of new medicine and remove barriers to increase research collaboration. 
I dream of a time in a not too distant 
future when I can tell my children that what we did here on the floor of the House today saved lives and prevented them and their children from enduring some of the diseases that we have had to endure in our lifetime. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. Speaker, moments ago with my support, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
This bipartisan bill will bring our national healthcare system up to speed in the 21st century by taking advantage of the latest science and expediting the availability of safe and more effective treatments for all Americans. 
than 10,000 known diseases and conditions, but the United States of America only has cures and treatments for roughly 500 of them. 
and Alzheimer’s will take the lives of roughly 1.8 million people this year in the United States alone. This 21st Century Cures Act will help change that, and it is an important step toward helping save the lives of our love ones. 
the healthcare field, I applaud my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for passing this legislation. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I want to strongly urge my colleagues to visit an exhibition happening right now in the Rayburn foyer. 
remarkable collection of photos, is entitled the Venezuela of Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow. It is a reminder of the hard work being done every day by Venezuelans and Venezuelan Americans in their pursuit to restore democracy in a country ravaged by economic turmoil and a regime filled with corrupt leaders who will persecute anyone who voices disagreement. 
for the United States to remain firm in our support for the people of Venezuela. We must remain strong in solidarity with the people who fight for a truly democratic Venezuela free from tyranny and the fear of a regime that promotes violence against its own people. 
take advantage of this opportunity to join the Educational Foundation for Democracy and IVAC in the promotion of a better future for Venezuelans and everyone in our hemisphere. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
deadline has passed, and Iran continues to act like it has leverage. What is worse, by its action, the administration seems to agree. 
Make no mistake about it, Iran desperately needs a deal to relieve its crippling sanctions. Given the parade of U.S. concessions over the past 19 months, we are a long way from the starting point of demanding that Iran’s nuclear program be affirmatively and unequivocally dismantled. Mr. Speaker, there should be no wiggle room that allows any path to a nuclear weapon. Yet Iran’s violations of interim agreement have been met with shrugs and painfultosee justifications by this administration. 
sponsor of terror another $150 billion that even the administration acknowledges may go to fund terrorism against the United States, Israel, other democracies, and our allies around the globe? 
our leverage, and force Iran back to the table on our terms. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to take a moment to recognize one of my own constituents, Phillip Burr, from Burrville, Utah. 
providing electricity to rural Utah while working for one of my favorite companies, Garkane Energy. He has also spread that passion globally, making trips to such places as Bolivia and, most recently, Haiti. 
We all know that electricity is a critical element to improving quality of life and increasing access to basic necessities like healthcare, education, and clean water. After learning Haiti has less than 15 percent of its population with regular access to electricity, Phillip traveled there to help build a diesel solar hybrid distribution system that will provide safe, affordable, and reliable power to more than 1,600 consumers. 
America great. I am honored to recognize him for his example of humanitarian service and to thank him for all the work he has done in his community and around the world. 
the great State of Wyoming, the Equality State, is celebrating her 125th anniversary of statehood. 
Wyoming is a wondrous place, boasting our Nation’s first national park, first national forest, and first national monument. Wyoming’s scenic treasures are second to none in the world. 
uranium, timber, oil, gas, soda ash, and rare earth elements—all provide critical resources for our Nation. 
working people have a deep sense of place and seamlessly weave the fabric of stewardship into it, inspiring the entire country and, really, the whole world. 
I am proud to call Wyoming America’s 44th star, my love, my life, and my home. I wish her a blessed 125th year of statehood. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, today, July 10, I rise to celebrate my son’s birthday. I also rise in honor of my father’s birthday, which was yesterday, and he would have been 74. 
A representation of the future, I recognize John Forest Kelly, known to us as JFK. He was born in 1995 and will be 20 today. 
my father, big John Kelly’s birthday. He was born July 9, 1941. He was a great man and an inspiration to me. He served in the Mississippi Army National Guard from 1959 until he turned 60 in 2001 and retired as a first sergeant. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
last Wednesday, we took time out here in the Capitol to honor and remember our Vietnam veterans. This week was the 50th anniversary for the first deployment of our troops in Vietnam. 
A lot of times, it is a war that wasn’t 
understood by the American people or appreciated. What is wrong about that is that our troops were not always appreciated for what they did for us. They did it without complaint, they did it with sacrifice, and they did it with honor. So for us here in the Capitol to finally come around to that ideal and honor them was a very good thing. 
For our Vietnam troops, we do appreciate you. We will do all we can to help you as you work through VA, as you work through Agent Orange. We know many of you are suffering these things, and you are not getting enough help from our Federal Government or that recognition. 
here this week on the 50th anniversary of the first deployment, we say to our Vietnam veterans: Welcome home, and God bless you. 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
a seventime convicted felon should never have happened. But that is exactly what happens when a city ignores immigration laws. 
sanctioned lawlessness are real, and this is another in a long line of tragic wakeup calls that cry out for deporting criminal aliens. 
Ms. Steinle’s killer, a wanted criminal illegal alien, had been in custody but then was put back on the streets by San Francisco officials. 
blame because they have done nothing to combat sanctuary city policies. Instead, they have encouraged them. 
American people from enemies, foreign and domestic. This Congress should take action to combat sanctuary city policies and make sure that criminal aliens are deported. 
that I have cosponsored that would do just that, because it is time to put the safety of American citizens first. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, July 13, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
ALLEN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
CONFEREES ON H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
objection, the Chair appoints the following additional conferees on H.R. 1735. 
From the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for consideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Messrs. NUNES , KINGof New 
and the Workforce, for consideration of sections 571 and 573 of the House bill and sections 561–63 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. ROKITA , 
Commerce, for consideration of sections 314, 632, 634, 3111–13, 3119, 3133, and 3141 of the House bill and sections 601, 632, 3118, and 3119 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. UPTON , B ARTON , 
From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of sections 1011, 1059, 1090, 1092, 1201, 1203–05, 1215, 1221, 1223, 1226, 1234–36, 1247–49, 1253, 1257, 
1263, 1264, 1267, 1270, 1301, 1532, 1541, 1542, 1663, 1668–70, 2802, 3118, and 3119 of the House bill and sections 1011, 1012, 1082, 1201–05, 1207, 1209, 1223, 1225, 1228, 1251, 1252, 1261, 1264, 1265, 1272, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, 1631, 1654, and 1655 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. ROYCE , MARINO , and E NGEL . 
Security, for consideration of sections 589 and 1041 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Mr. MCCAUL, Mrs. M ILLER of 
From the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of sections 1040, 1052, 1085, 1216, 1641, and 2862 of the House bill and sections 1032, 1034, 1090, and 1227 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. GOODLATTE , ISSA, and 
From the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of sections 312, 632, 634, 2841, 2842, 2851–53, and 2862 of the House bill and sections 313, 601, and 632 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. COOK, HARDY , and G RIJALVA . 
and Government Reform, for consideration of sections 602, 631, 634, 838, 854, 855, 866, 871, 1069, and 1101–05 of the House bill and sections 592, 593, 631, 806, 830, 861, 1090, 1101, 1102, 1104, 1105, 1107– 09, 1111, 1112, 1114, and 1115 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. HURD 
of Texas, R USSELL , and C UMMINGS . 
consideration of section 1032 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. Sessions, BYRNE , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
Space, and Technology, for consideration of section 3136 of the House bill and section 1613 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. LUCAS , KNIGHT , and 
From the Committee on Small Business, for consideration of sections 831– 34, 839, 840, 842–46, 854, and 871 of the House bill and sections 828, 831, 882, 883, and 885 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. CHABOT , HANNA , and 
From the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of sections 302, 562, 569, 570a, 591, 1060a, 1073, 2811, and 3501 of the House bill and sections 601, 642, 1613, 3504, and 3505 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. GRAVES of Louisiana, 
Affairs, for consideration of sections 565, 566, 592, 652, 701, 721, 722, 1105, and 1431 of the House bill and sections 539, 605, 633, 719, 1083, 1084, 1089, 1091, and 1411 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. ROEof Tennessee, 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
today to honor one of my constituents, John David Crow, of College Station, Texas, who passed away on June 17. 
Texas football legend is an understatement. He was a Heisman Trophy winner, a fourtime NFL Pro Bowl selection, a college football coach, and an administrator for the Texas A&M University Athletic Department. 
in Marion, Louisiana. When he was born, the umbilical cord was wrapped around his neck, causing nerve damage and permanently paralyzing the left half of his face. John David, however, never let that hardship hold him back. 
School, he led the football team to win the Class 1A State championship in 1952. As a senior, he led the basketball team to win the Class 1A State championship in 1954. 
John David married his high school sweetheart, Carolyn Gilliam, on July 2, 1954. Earlier that year, John David had committed to play football at Texas A&M University for legendary coach Paul ‘‘Bear’’ Bryant; so, in the fall of 1954, John David and Carolyn moved to College Station. 
David would play running back, defensive positions, and special teams as a kick returner. He truly was the complete collegiate football package. 
first ever road victory against archrival, the University of Texas, at Memorial Stadium in Austin. He also led the Aggies to a number one ranking during the 1957 season. 
David received as an Aggie included being named twice to the Southwest Conference allconference team in 1956 and 1957. He also received all of the following recognitions in 1957: a consensus AllAmerican, the Walter Camp Memorial Trophy, the Southwesterner of the Year and Amateur Athlete of the Year, the Chick Harley Award, the United Press Player of the Year, the United Press Back of the Year, and the Heisman Trophy. 
John David was Texas A&M University’s first Heisman Trophy winner and the only Heisman Trophy winner to 
Bryant. When Bear Bryant retired from coaching, he was quoted as saying: ‘‘John David Crow was the finest player I ever coached. Watching film on him was like watching a grown man play with boys.’’ 
Texas A&M with a degree in business administration and was named to the Scholastic AllAmerican team. He was also recognized as a Who’s Who in American Colleges and Universities. 
the NFL after being drafted in the first round to play for the then Chicago Cardinals, in Chicago and St. Louis, and playing for the San Francisco 49ers. He was named to the Pro Bowl four times and named to the NFL’s 1960 AllDecade Team. 
David began his football coaching career, starting as an assistant for his former coach Bear Bryant at Alabama. He continued his career as an assistant coach in the NFL for the Cleveland Browns and the San Diego Chargers. In 1976, he was named athletic director and head football coach of Northeast Louisiana University. 
Northeast Louisiana University to work for a private business for a couple of years. In 1983, he returned to his alma mater, Texas A&M University, first as associate athletic director, later as athletic director, and finally, as director of athletic development. 
During this time, he was at the forefront of collegiate athletic gender equity as he helped expand women’s athletics at Texas A&M to the powerhouse that it is today. In 2001, John David would retire from A&M, but he still maintained a presence on campus and in the Bryan/College Station community. 
coach, and athletic administrator. He was inducted into the Texas A&M University Hall of Fame in 1968 and the Louisiana Hall of Fame in 1976. He was named to the National Football Foundation Hall of Fame in 1976 and the Texas Sports Hall of Fame in 1982. He was named a Distinguished Alumnus by Texas A&M University in 2004 and was honored during the Aggies’ first year in the Southeastern Conference as an SEC Legend at the 2012 SEC Championship Game. 
his career, he was also very much dedicated to his wife, Carolyn, and to their family. He and Carolyn had three children: John, Jr., Annalisa, and Jeannie. They were also blessed with seven grandchildren. 
everything Carolyn did for their family. He was once quoted as saying: ‘‘Whatever credit I get for doing anything, she deserves a lot more than I do. She has been the stabilizer for our family and very, very good to me.’’ 
humble, kind, generous, and an all around great man. The greatness that 
he evoked reached far beyond the football field. He truly embodied the core values of Texas A&M University—respect, integrity, leadership, excellence, loyalty, and selfless service. 
long be remembered as a great athlete, coach, and athletic administrator. More importantly, he will be remembered as a loving husband, a father, a grandfather, and as a friend. 
and heartfelt condolences to Carolyn and to the Crow family. We also lift up the family and friends of John David Crow in our thoughts and in our prayers. 
about John David Crow, I ask that all Americans continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
today to honor Jack Calvin Gilley of Stratford, Texas, who passed away on May 9, 2015. 
years, Mr. Gilley touched the lives of hundreds of students and schools throughout Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle. I was fortunate enough to have Mr. Gilley as a principal during my time at Stratford Middle School. 
County, Texas, in 1924. He proudly served in the United States Navy during World War II as a torpedoman on the USS Stockdale. He attended Panhandle A&M College on basketball and baseball scholarships. Additionally, he received his master’s in education from West Texas State University in 1963. 
Oldaker. They were married for nearly 59 years, until her passing in 2010. Donna and Jack had four daughters and were blessed with one granddaughter. 
began his secondary profession of painting houses, refinishing furniture, and carpentry. He was a member of the First United Methodist Church of Stratford, as well as a member of the American Legion Post 262. He loved hunting pheasant and quail; eating breakfast and drinking coffee with his friends at the local cafe; and all things rodeo and all things sports, especially Duke basketball. 
many lives, including mine, as an educator and as a mentor. He will be greatly missed and long remembered as a loving husband, a father, a grandfather, and a friend. 
and heartfelt condolences to the Gilley family, and we lift up the family and friends of Jack Gilley in our prayers. 
Mr. Speaker, as I close, I ask that all 
Americans continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 13, 2015, at noon for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2130. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Transportation Safety Board, transmitting a list of the Board’s 2015 commercial and inherently governmental commercial activities inventory, pursuant to the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105270; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
H.R. 3020. A bill making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–195). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1155. A bill to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–196, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 3018. A bill to provide for a safe harbor 
period for the transition from the ICD9 to the ICD10 standard for health care claims; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
ESTY, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 3019. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish, at the request of an eligible veteran, nursing home care and hospital care at State licensed or certified residential care facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3021. A bill to amend the Natural Gas 
Act to allow the use of aerial survey data for certain applications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
SCALISE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. G RAVES  
State University be eligible to receive funds under the Act of August 30, 1890; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 3023. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3024. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to permit review of certain Medicare payment determinations for disproportionate share hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3025. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for launching drones that interfere with fighting wildfires affecting Federal property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3026. A bill to amend part A of title IV 
of the Social Security Act to clarify the authority of tribal governments in regard to the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. 
H.R. 3027. A bill to authorize the conveyance of four small parcels of land within the boundaries of the Imperial National Wildlife 
Refuge for the purposes of addressing a long term boundary discrepancy; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
BASS, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. J UDYCHU 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide that the Attorney General may give preferential consideration for grants under part Q of title I of that Act to applications from jurisdictions which have in place laws or ordinances to make available to the public grand jury transcripts and other records considered by grand juries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
HOLLEN , Mr. B EYER , Ms. E DWARDS , 
H.R. 3029. A bill to require the Office of 
Personnel Management to provide complimentary, comprehensive identity protection coverage to all individuals whose personally identifiable information was compromised during recent data breaches at Federal agencies; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
of the Coast Guard to convey certain property from the United States to the City of Baudette, Minnesota; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3031. A bill to prohibit funding to the 
Voice of America; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal a certain reporting requirement of the Securities and Exchange Commission; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H. Con. Res. 60. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that female athletes be paid the same as their male counterparts and organizers of world class competitions actively take part in combating the wage gap; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding the need to eliminate partisan redistricting and gerrymandering; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. H URD of 
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Committee’s inscription of the San Antonio Missions to the World Heritage list, recognizing the San Antonio Missions as having universal historical and cultural significance, and congratulating the people of San Antonio for their years of hard work to make this designation a reality; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
HARRIS , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. Y OHO, 
House of Representatives disagrees with the majority opinion in Obergefell et al. v. Hodges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. 
50th anniversary of the National Collegiate Honors Council; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3018. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3019. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3020. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
H.R. 3021. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3022. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 3023. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 3024. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Labor Regulation—The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3025. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3026. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3027. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
transferred ownership of federal property to either private ownership or the states in order to pay off large Revolutionary War debts and to assist with the development of infrastructure. The transfers to private and state ownership by this legislation are constituional and necessary to resolve a longterm boundary discrepancy and to ensure private property owners are able to utilize and control their private property 
H.R. 3028. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3029. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3030. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States 
H.R. 3031. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
H.R. 3032. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 592: Mr. C OLE and Mrs. M ILLER of 
H.R. 702: Mr. C OOPER , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 721: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. F INCHER , and Mr. 
H.R. 775: Ms. M OORE , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Ms. M CSALLY , and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 829: Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
H.R. 973: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. 
McCollum, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. W ELCH , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. R EEDand Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. B LUM and Mrs. E LLMERS of 
H.R. 1568: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. S PEIER , and 
H.R. 1594: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. F OSTER , 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K LINE, Mr. B OUSTANY , and 
H.R. 1624: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G RAVES  
MCSALLY , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. K IND, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2030: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2061: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2121: Mr. U PTON , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
H.R. 2205: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. W ALZ, and 
H.R. 2213: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Mr. J ONES , and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 2362: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2510: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Ms. V ELAZ QUEZ . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 2725: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2734: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. 
H.R. 2793: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B UCK, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. 
H.R. 2861: Ms. T SONGAS and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. B LUM, Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
H.R. 2902: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
H.R. 2905: Mr. O LSON , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. 
H.R. 2908: Mr. K LINE and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 2911: Mr. C ROWLEY and Mr. S AMJOHNSONof Texas. 
H.R. 2922: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3002: Mr. M ARINO and Mr. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 3011: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. A BRAHAM. 
H. Res. 32: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIFTH ANNUAL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 25 graduating seniors in my community for their record of academic and athletic accomplishments and for their admirable decision to enlist in the United States Air Force. I also express my appreciation to Our Community Salutes of Northern Virginia for providing this opportunity to be among the first to say to each of these young men and women: ‘‘Thank you.’’ 
I have had the privilege of working with Our 
Community Salutes of Northern Virginia since its inception in 2011. That year my office was contacted by one of the founding parents who upon learning that her son and other students at his school who had decided to enlist would not receive any recognition during graduation, joined with other parents to organize the first enlistee recognition ceremony of its kind in the region. The first ceremony recognized 9 students; this year we will be honoring 133 local students for choosing to serve our country in uniform. 
of young people in my community, and millions across the nation, are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Some will pursue higher education or vocational training, others will seek to enter the workforce immediately, and many will answer the call to serve their community and their country. 
The United States of America has distinguished itself from other nations through the entrepreneurship and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriotism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedication to country exhibited by the members of our Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlisting possess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in congratulating and commending the following graduates on their enlistment in the United States Air Force: 
John Ainslie, Philip Baitinger, Merrilee Carder, Valeria Catacora, Brian Daley, Nikhil Deo, Gary Dixon, John Forsythe, Maximino Gabino, Patrick Hailey, Jazlyn Keating, Jun Pyo Kim, Edward Kowalski, Kellen Lovan, Lane Renner, Tran Robinson, Alexa Rolph, Kelsea Ross, Demay Thong, Robinson Tran, Henry Tran, Justin Von Feldt, Shawn Von Feldt, James Wayne, and Logan Wood. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the courage and dedication of these graduates and in assuring them and their families that the full support and resources of the U.S. Congress and the American people will be behind them on every step of their journey in defense our nation’s freedom. 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
express opposition to H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
As a doctor, I strongly support medical innovation and research. Over the course of my 30 years practicing medicine, I saw tremendous leaps and bounds in treatment that saved lives. I appreciate the hard work put into creatively attempting to modernize the health care innovation infrastructure, specifically efforts to incorporate a patient perspective into the drug and device approval process, support advances in personalized medicine, and streamline clinical trials. However, I cannot support the sale of 64 million barrels of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve being used to pay for these changes. 
Over the past year, the price of oil has 
dropped from above $100 per barrel to below $50. Although the price of oil is currently at $54 a barrel on the global markets, this is far from stable. I do not understand why Congress would agree to sell 64 million barrels from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve when the price is low, flooding the global oil marketplace, and likely causing the price to drop even further. This has the potential to cause havoc for our own domestic oil and gas industry. 
The decline in oil prices is hurting the states 
that had benefited from the domestic oilproduction boom in recent years. My home state of Louisiana ranked second in the U.S. in oil production and second in natural gas production in 2013, with more than 64,000 Louisianans employed in extraction, pipeline and refining industries. This industry matters to everyone in Louisiana. 
According to the American Petroleum Institute the U.S. oil and natural gas industry supports more than 9 million jobs nationwide, supports over 7% of GDP, and contributes more than $86 million to the Federal Treasury every day. Since oil prices began to drop, it has been widely reported that the oil and gas industry have been struggling to keep their employees on payroll. In April, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics announced that Louisiana suffered a 3,300 job loss in the mining and logging sector. In June we saw two consecutive week losses in mining employment—that’s the category that includes many oil and gas exploration and extraction jobs—have slipped below 100 in Louisiana. 
supporting medical innovation and Louisiana oil and gas jobs. I believe it’s irresponsible to flood the global market for petroleum with more product while Louisiana families are experiencing layoffs because of low global prices. 
given the remarkable expansion of North American oil production, a reduction in the size of the reserve could be seen as responsible costeffective public policy. I would disagree. Research shows that price spikes in transportation fuels is highly regressive, with most of the cost disproportionately hitting middle class and lowincome groups. This vulnerability remains even though our work shows that the U.S. and much of the Western hemisphere will largely separate from physical trade flows with Middle East producers in the next few years. 
Agency (EIA), the U.S. economy will continue to rely upon petroleum for many years, and work by EPRINC and many other research groups demonstrates that we will remain vulnerable to severe economic damage from disruptions in petroleum supplies in the world oil market. The SPR remains an important strategic asset for protecting the U.S. economy and security interests from this vulnerability. 
Reserve should be done in a thoughtful and strategic manner when global prices are high, not as another coffer for Congress to raid at its convenience and at the expense of Louisiana’s oil & gas industry. 
honor of James Forni of Petaluma, who passed away on June 28, 2015 at the age of 36. A beloved husband, basketball coach, and friend to all, Mr. Forni has left us at too young an age. If there’s any comfort to be found in the pain his family, students, and colleagues are feeling, perhaps it’s the knowledge that James’ legacy of kindness and compassion will remain with us indefinitely. 
are loved. James Forni was both. A Petaluma native and local icon, Mr. Forni every day lived the values he instilled in his students, his friends, and his family: resilience, integrity, and strength. He was the soul at the very center of Casa Grande High School. Not only did 
teach physical education for over a decade, he played multiple sports as a member of the 1998 graduating class before continuing on to play football at College of Marin, University of Oregon, and University of Redlands. 
a fight. Eight years ago Mr. Forni was diagnosed with melanoma, but he didn’t back down. Even when his energy lagged and his muscles ached, he was there for his team. He attended basketball games and practices throughout his treatment. He battled the disease for nearly a decade and coached through the end, guiding his team until this season’s conclusion. 
James Forni lived for others. He left a permanent mark on his school and community for which, years from now, we will continue to be grateful. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to him today and express our heartfelt condolences to his wife Mary, his parents Jim and Jan, and his siblings Jill and Chris. 
SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIFTH ANNUAL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 55 graduating seniors in my community for their record of academic and athletic accomplishments and for their admirable decision to enlist in the United States Marine Corps. I also express my appreciation to Our Community Salutes of Northern Virginia for providing this opportunity to be among the first to say to each of these young men and women: ‘‘Thank you.’’ 
I have had the privilege of working with Our 
Community Salutes of Northern Virginia since its inception in 2011. That year my office was contacted by one of the founding parents who upon learning that her son and other students at his school who had decided to enlist would not receive any recognition during graduation, joined with other parents to organize the first enlistee recognition ceremony of its kind in the region. The first ceremony recognized 9 students; this year we will be honoring 133 local students for choosing to serve our country in uniform. 
of young people in my community, and millions across the nation, are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Some will pursue higher education or vocational training, others will seek to enter the workforce immediately, and many will answer the call to serve their community and their country. 
The United States of America has distinguished itself from other nations through the entrepreneurship and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriotism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedication to country exhibited by the members of our 
Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlisting possess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in congratulating and commending the following graduates on their enlistment in the United States Marine Corps: 
Bacon, Taylor Basnight, Kaelin Bernard, Matthew Byvik, Jose Carrillomeja, Briana Chaisone, Grant Collins, Sebastian Crossley, Dominic Dagostino, Tyler Dewalt, Andrew Forbang, Austin Gilley, Jacob Gomez, Joseph Grant, Kaleb Hanson, William Harris, Logan Harvey, Chase Haynes, Sean Heim, Wyatt Helean, Michael Hill, John Hoang, Patrick Johnson, Tyree Johnson, Matthew Jones, Scot Khanna, Joseph Larock, Daniel Lee, Jose Martinez, Mason Matvich, Nash Means, Christopher Meraz, Jacob Miller, Mohamed Mohamed, Aninyou Morkos, Maddison Mozingo, Jose Munoz, Christopher Myers, Michael Odelldye, Joshua Peters, Kimberly Ramos, David Reeves, Alexander Rojas, Canas Rubia, Spicer Sabruno, Nicky Sanchez, William Schouviller, Taylor Terrell, Christian Trujillo, Jacob Vignaroli, Daniel Walton, Michael Wynd, Paul Zandbergen. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the courage and dedication of these graduates and in assuring them and their families that the full support and resources of the U.S. Congress and the American people will be behind them on every step of their journey in defense of our nation’s freedom. 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
ago. And with tomorrow’s House vote, we mark an important milestone in our quest for 21st Century Cures—one step closer to the finish line. 
our 18 month journey that helped get us to where we are today. Patients across the country. Advocates. Researchers. Innovators. Experts. Academics. Regulators. Some of the nation’s brightest minds. To all we say thank you. 
Thank you to the staff—on both sides of the 
aisle—who took the meetings, did the research, drafted the language, and sat at the negotiating table for countless hours to help us develop this incredible product. Gary Andres, Joan Hillebrands, Alexa Marrero, Clay Alspach, Paul Edattel, Josh Trent, Robert Horne, John Stone, Carly McWilliams, Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, Graham Pittman, Michelle Rosenberg, Traci Vitek, Sean Bonyun, Noelle Clemente, Macey Sevcik, Mark Ratner, Tom Wilbur, Bits Thomas, Marty Dannenfelser, Tim Pataki, Karen Christian, 
Peter Kielty, Jeff Carroll, Tiffany Guarascio, Lisa Cohen, Rachel Stauffer, Elizabeth Farrar, Matt Inzeo, Cole Leiter and all the Democratic staff, the staff of our members . . . thank you all. Thank you to House legislative counsel and the Congressional Budget Office for your efforts and dedication. Thank you to the members of both parties who brought their best ideas, partnered with one another to make their case, and delivered so many of the policies we welcome today. 
staff. The Appropriations Committee has been a critical partner in this effort, working with us and developing the right approach to achieve our shared goal of helping patients in a fiscally responsible way. 
has been to Michigan, and I have travelled to Colorado—we have been on a number of road trips for Cures and I look forward to the next journey. I also want to thank Mr. PITTS, Mr. 
PALLONE , and Mr. G REEN for their partnership. 
We have made great strides but our work continues—and we won’t stop until the ink is dry on the 21st Century Cures Act in the Oval Office. 
I also want to give a hearty thank you to 
Max—a 6year old ambassador for Cures. Although he is faced with the challenge of Noonan syndrome, he has been a little warrior in this effort. He joined us when we had our 51 to zero vote in the committee. And I am delighted Max will be by my side tomorrow on the floor for final passage. 
friends Brooke and Brielle is why we are here. 
With a resounding vote, we will send a signal to the Senate—loud and clear—that the time is now for Cures 2015. I look forward to working with my Senate counterparts to continue the momentum and get 21st Century Cures to the president’s desk. 
We have a chance to do something big, and 
SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIFTH ANNUAL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 48 graduating seniors in my community for their record of academic and athletic accomplishments and for their admirable decision to enlist in the United States Army. I also express my appreciation to Our Community Salutes of Northern Virginia for providing this opportunity to be among the first to say to each of these young men and women: ‘‘Thank you.’’ 
I have had the privilege of working with Our 
Community Salutes of Northern Virginia since its inception in 2011. That year my office was 
upon learning that her son and other students at his school who had decided to enlist would not receive any recognition during graduation, joined with other parents to organize the first enlistee recognition ceremony of its kind in the region. The first ceremony recognized 9 students; this year we will be honoring 133 local students for choosing to serve our country in uniform. 
of young people in my community, and millions across the nation, are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Some will pursue higher education or vocational training, others will seek to enter the workforce immediately, and many will answer the call to serve their community and their country. 
The United States of America has distinguished itself from other nations through the entrepreneurship and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriotism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedication to country exhibited by the members of our Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlisting possess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in congratulating and commending the following graduates on their enlistment in the United States Army: 
Awwe, Angela Barfield, Ian Bliss, Tony Britvec, Ciara Carter, Dylan Cate, Robert Compton, Dylan Cook, Karon Cook, Gisel Diaz, Mason Dineen, Andrew Drescher, Ian Dumas, Yeni Dzib, Michael Fowlkes, Cristian Garcia, Adrianna Garner, Tabaria Harris, Kiee Harvey, Hunter Henson, Chase Henson, Nicholas Hwang, Lane Ingram, Olivia Jackson, Dylan Jeffries, Arielle Kirk, Andriy Kuranov, Daisey Kyaw, Eric Leach, Katelyn Lloyd, Joshua Marcano, Juan Martinez, Ofori Nana, Carlos Ortega, Thanh Tu Phung, Jordan Rivera, Julian Rivers, Tia Roush, Brian Steele, Louis Surface, Brian Vaughn, Dillon Welton, Steven Wesley, Donovan Wolford, Timothy Yemelyanov, Aisha Yunus. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the courage and dedication of these graduates and in assuring them and their families that the full support and resources of the U.S. Congress and the American people will be behind them on every step of their journey in defense our nation’s freedom. 
I rise today to recognize the distinguished career of Harvey Schmitt, who recently retired as President and CEO of the Raleigh Chamber of Commerce. In the twentyone years Harvey has headed the Chamber, he has played an integral role in transforming Raleigh into a thriving city known internationally as one of the best places in America to live, work, and run a business. Harvey has been a tireless promoter of the 
city’s assets, often assuming the role of recruiterinchief. The enterprises he has helped bring to the Triangle include Red Hat, PNC, and the Carolina Hurricanes. He spearheaded the transformation of downtown Raleigh, creating the Downtown Raleigh Alliance, helping to revitalize Fayetteville Street, and leading the charge to build the downtown Raleigh convention center. He also promoted three billion dollars in school construction bonds to ensure that Triangle students learn in firstclass facilities. 
Housing and Urban Development Appropriations Subcommittee, I particularly appreciate Harvey’s contribution to modernizing transportation in the Research Triangle. He and the Chamber created the Regional Transportation Alliance to advocate for improved highways and transit and a diversified system for the future. 
Throughout his time at the Chamber, Harvey has been an invaluable asset to and a dedicated advocate for the Triangle. His tireless efforts and winning ways have left a lasting imprint on his adopted city. He has earned our enduring respect and gratitude, and we wish him the best in retirement. 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
I rise in strong opposition to senseless Republican attempts to allow Confederate flags to be displayed and sold in national parks and cemeteries. The Confederate flag throughout history has been a symbol of extreme hatred, deliberate malice, and continued segregation. Any attempt by Congress to uphold and profit from such an image is completely reprehensible. 
done the right thing and removed the Confederate flag from their State Capitol grounds, including my home state of Alabama. In fact, on July 9th South Carolina lawmakers voted to ensure that this contentious symbol is removed from its state capitol grounds. It is unconscionable to think that while South Carolina’s legislature was working until the early hours of the morning fighting for the removal of the Confederate flag, my Republican colleagues were attempting to undo efforts by the House to prohibit the Confederate flag from being sold and displayed at our national parks and federal cemeteries. 
past and that is where it should stay. Removing the Confederate flag does not detract from America’s rich history in any way, but instead is recognition of the fact that this flag represents hatred not heritage, treason not pride. In order for us to come together as a nation, it is necessary to remove the vestiges of the past that connect racism and segregation. 
the people’’, making it evident that America is supposed to be one cohesive nation. As Members of Congress we have the responsibility to ensure that our actions reflect the will of the people. The Confederate flag does nothing but continue to divide this great country. Let’s stand behind our nation’s purpose, that all men are created equal, by prohibiting the selling and displaying of the Confederate flag at national parks and federal cemeteries. 
I urge my colleagues to stand with me and 
SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIFTH ANNUAL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION CEREMONY 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 5 graduating seniors in my community for their record of academic and athletic accomplishments and for their admirable decision to enlist in the United States Navy. I also express my appreciation to Our Community Salutes of Northern Virginia for providing this opportunity to be among the first to say to 
each of these young men and women: ‘‘Thank you.’’ 
I have had the privilege of working with Our 
Community Salutes of Northern Virginia since its inception in 2011. That year my office was contacted by one of the founding parents who upon learning that her son and other students at his school who had decided to enlist would not receive any recognition during graduation, joined with other parents to organize the first enlistee recognition ceremony of its kind in the region. The first ceremony recognized 9 students; this year we will be honoring 133 local students for choosing to serve our country in uniform. 
of young people in my community, and millions across the nation, are preparing for the next chapter in their lives. Some will pursue higher education or vocational training, others will seek to enter the workforce immediately, and many will answer the call to serve their community and their country. 
The United States of America has distinguished itself from other nations through the entrepreneurship and spirit of our people, the knowledge that we can achieve any goal if we set our minds to it, our inherent compassion and generosity, our fierce patriotism, and the extraordinary sacrifices and dedication to country exhibited by the members of our Armed Forces. The young men and women from our community who will be enlisting possess an abundance of each of these qualities. I join with their families and friends in congratulating and commending the following 
Gabriel Berrios, Owen Buzan, Kim Alexandria, Holly Speacht, and Sara Vasquez. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the courage and dedication of these graduates and in assuring them and their families that the full support and resources of the U.S. Congress and the American people will be behind them on every step of their journey in defense our nation’s freedom. 
424 I was unable to cast my vote in person due to a previously scheduled engagement. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, Secretary of State John Kerry and partners from the P5+1 will meet in Vienna today to continue negotiations with Iran on that nation’s nuclear activity. Statements from Iranian leaders such as Ayatollah Khamenei that disparage the United States and Israel remind us of the vital role that Congress has in this process. We must remain vigilant. We must ensure that any agreement holds Iran to the highest standards of transparency and accountability. 
The opportunity for the United States to improve our relationship with Iran potentially could lead to greater stability in a region torn apart by war and religious strife. Nevertheless, we must not be naı ¨ve. The prospect of peace 
and stability can be reached only if we are secure that Iran will not threaten its neighbors and the world with nuclear aggression. 
know the gravity of their work. I am confident that they want to see a good deal and will accept nothing less than an agreement that can withstand intense scrutiny. They cannot and should not be rushed into a deal. Nor should they cut corners as the deadline in presenting the details to Congress for a 30day review approaches. 
community must be permitted to inspect Iranian military and research installations to ensure that no illicit enrichment takes place. Inspectors must have full and unfettered access to be able to determine whether nuclear infrastructure has been dismantled so that its breakout capacity will be measured in years, not weeks. In addition, Iran must adhere to all U.N. Security Council Resolutions that require detailed explanations of previous nuclear efforts. 
these measures have been implemented, sanctions must not be eased. The security of the U.S., Israel, and of our allies demands that we continue to apply pressure on the Ayatollah and his regime to ensure that they keep their word now and into the future. 
today to recognize and honor Paula Bell of Des Moines, Iowa, for receiving the 2014 Wells Fargo Volunteer of the Year Award for the Central Iowa Region. 
Wells Fargo has been able to create an environment that fully embraces workplace giving. Last year, they set a company record by pledging $97.7 million to 30,000 nonprofits and schools. Wells Fargo has donated 6.4 million hours of service since 2011 and steps up in times of need, helping both domestically and abroad. 
award, as well as $1000 to donate to a nonprofit organization of her choosing, for volunteering 200 of the 111,415 total hours that Wells Fargo team members in the Central Iowa Region logged in 2014. Paula’s hard work and dedication to serving others truly embodies our Iowa values. 
back to the community and service to others. I know my colleagues in the House will join me in congratulating her for receiving this award. I wish her and her family all the best moving forward. 
HONORING THE DEDICATED SERVICE OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL ERIC A. GIVENS, UNITED STATES ARMY RESERVE 
great pleasure that I rise to recognize the dedicated service of Lieutenant Colonel Eric A. Givens while serving with the Legislative Affairs Division at the Office of the Chief of Army Reserve from May 19, 2014, until March 8, 2015. During that short time, Eric made a lasting and positive impact on the Army Reserve through his efforts to foster and maintain relationships with Congressional members and staff. 
As lead legislative liaison for military readiness and operations programs, Eric ensured that Army Reserve Soldiers’ interests were clearly communicated to Members of Congress and their staffs as they considered the impacts of pending legislation. Additionally, Eric led efforts to draft, refine, and promote Administrationapproved legislative proposals designed to ensure the wellbeing of Army Reserve Soldiers and to maintain the highquality force the Nation has come to expect from its Army Reserve. 
arrived at the Legislative Affairs Division with nearly three decades of Army Reserve service that began with his enlistment in 1985. He received his commission as an officer in 1990 
and joined the Active Guard and Reserve program in 1995. His years of experience in the field and as a staff officer at the Pentagon made him an invaluable resource to the Legislative Affairs Division, as his welldeveloped relationships bore fruit on a daily basis. 
Capitol Hill brought joy to all who worked with him, and he will no doubt take that same spirit with him wherever his Army Reserve career leads. The Army Reserve’s Legislative Affairs Division will remember him as a tireless proponent of Army Reserve equities, and as a Soldier who represents the best of what America has to offer. 
has one of the highest veteran and military populations in the United States. As Representative of this district, it is critical that I receive accurate and timely information so that I can best represent the needs of our service members and ensure that they and their families receive the protections and benefits that they have earned. This would not be possible without the invaluable contributions of men and women like LTC Givens who tirelessly and effectively communicate with our office and advocate for their fellow soldiers. 
and the residents of the 11th District, I congratulate and thank LTC Givens and his wife, Lisa, for their service to our country and wish them the best for continued success. 
rise today to honor the life of a beloved friend, Judy Studebaker Warren. Judy, of the famous Studebaker automobile family, was a vibrant, caring, and passionate individual. Her love of life and contagious smile had a rippling effect of positivity on everyone around her. Sadly, after an almost two year battle with cancer, Judy passed away on July 5, 2015. It is my privilege to honor her extraordinary life on the floor of the United States House of Representatives. 
A lifelong Hoosier, Judy grew up in Logansport, Indiana and graduated from Logansport High School. After high school she earned her bachelor’s degree in sociology from Indiana University, where she was a proud member of the Pi Beta Phi Sorority and later became an active member of the Indiana University Alumni Association. She also served as President of the Junior League of Indianapolis, an organization she loved that benefitted from her energy and talents. Whether it was planning a fundraising gala for the Junior League or hosting a tailgate at an Indiana University football game, Judy was a gracious and amazing hostess who brought joy to everyone around her. 
to volunteering extended well beyond the Junior League of Indianapolis. She was the founding member of the Indianapolis Chapter of D.A.R.E. in the Pike Township School System 
ArtSparkle for the Indianapolis Art Center, the Tribute for the Indiana State Museum, and REV to benefit Methodist Health Foundation. 
serving on the boards of the Indianapolis Art Center, Indiana State Museum, Championship Auto Racing Auxiliary, The National Art Museum of Sports, The Oaks Academy, and Ballet Internationale, to name a few. Her other affiliations include the Governor’s Residence Commission, St. Margaret’s Hospital Guild, American Cancer Society Guild, Presidents Roundtable, Indiana Children’s Wish Fund’s Ball and Spotlight, and Keep Indianapolis Beautiful. She was causeoriented and loved a challenge; give her a goal and she was a fundraising machine. But most of all, she always had fun—and made sure everyone else did, too. 
community was her beneficiary. She brought so much good to the City of Indianapolis, and her hard work did not go unnoticed. After she completed her Junior League of Indianapolis Presidency Mayor Bart Peterson named June 4, 2003 as Judy Warren Day in the City of Indianapolis. She also received Governor Daniels’ Distinguished Hoosier Award in 2006 and Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard’s Community Achievement Award in 2010. 
Judy was an embodiment of all that is kind 
and generous. Judy is and always will be an inspiration to me. Her grace, bravery, and spirit will live on through those whose lives she touched. She is survived by her husband, Brick; son, Clay, and his wife Stasha; her mother, Vera; and her beloved grandchildren, Katie and Ethan. She is also survived by her stepson, Ryan, and his wife, Elizabeth; and their children, Elijiah Brick (E.B.), Martha Claire and George Taylor Warren. Judy Warren is an example of a great American woman who throughout her lifetime served her family, her friends, and community with passion and love. 
introduce H.R. 2999, the Fair VA Accountability Act, legislation that will bring real accountability to the VA while maintaining constitutional due process protections for civil service employees. 
widespread mismanagement at the VA. We all felt outraged that VA employees whose actions may have harmed veterans remained in their jobs or sat at home for months on paid administrative leave. There have been other bills introduced that seek to bring greater flexibility to the VA to remove problem employees, but I believe that many do this by destroying the bedrock principles of our civil service, limiting due process to an extent that runs counter to the constitutional protections we enjoy. I think these bills have another failing— they likely would result in outcomes far different than their sponsors and proponents intend. By violating the due process rights of our federal employees, these bills could very well 
ensure that if followed, VA may never be able to effectively remove bad employees when a court finds them unconstitutional. 
accountability by allowing VA to immediately suspend without pay any employee whose misconduct poses a direct threat to veterans’ 
health and safety. VA currently has the authority to fire employees with adequate pretermination notice—usually 30 days. I agree that VA needs to do a better job of utilizing this authority. But the only realistic reason a VA employee should be fired on the spot would be if his or her conduct threatened veterans’ health and safety. 
between the needs of the VA and the rights of VA employees. I also believe it provides sufficient due process rights to meet constitutional requirements and provide accused employees with a fair chance to tell their side of the story. Keep in mind that over 30 percent of VA employees are veterans themselves—the largest percentage of veteran employees among civilian agencies. I am proud to promote a policy that protects these employees’ constitutional right to due process before losing their federal job. 
In addition to the immediate removal provision, my bill increases accountability at the VA by addressing the ‘‘revolving door’’ problem, prohibiting senior VA executives from receiving VA contracts for at least a year after they leave the VA. It also limits the use of paid administrative leave to 14 days, to ensure employees don’t continue to draw paychecks while sitting at home for months. 
Finally, the Fair VA Accountability Act protects whistleblowers by requiring mandatory backpay for any employee who proves that dismissal was a result of whistleblower retaliation. My bill also requires the IG to report on the percentage of employees fired who claimed whistleblower protections, and retains existing Title 5 protections for VA employees. 
As stated in a letter of support by the American Federation of Government Employees, this language establishes ‘‘highly effective mechanisms for increasing VA accountability while preserving the due process rights of frontline employees so that they can still make lifesaving disclosures about patient harm and other mismanagement without the fear of immediate job loss as atwill employees.’’ 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE OLDE FORGESURREY SQUARE CIVIC ASSOCIATION 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Olde ForgeSurrey Square on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. 
the 11th Congressional District of Virginia, the Olde ForgeSurrey Square subdivision is set in a beautiful location, surrounded by large parks and streams. The residents take great pride in their community and are willing and eager participants in the community’s civic association. 
The Olde ForgeSurrey Square Civic Association is dedicated to promoting a high quality of life for all of the residents. There is an active Neighborhood Watch program, which helps to ensure the area remains safe and that neighbors stay connected. The Brandywine Pool is a local gathering place for all, and there are frequent barbeques and other community events. Recently the civic association took on a large project to renovate its playground. Through the generous contributions of the residents, as well as support of the local business community, the civic association was able to raise enough money to qualify for a grant from Fairfax County for a complete playground renovation. 
As the former president of my own civic association, I understand that when residents invest their time, care, and energies in their communities, it benefits all. Fairfax County is considered one of the best places in the nation in which to work, live, and raise a family, largely because of the willingness of so many to become actively involved. 
me in congratulating the Olde ForgeSurrey Square Civic Association on its 50th anniversary and in thanking all of the residents for their tireless efforts and dedication to the community and region. 
today to recognize and congratulate Brian Reece of Osceola, Iowa, on receiving the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching (PAEMST). 
Science Foundation on behalf of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, recognizes exemplary teachers for their contributions to the teaching and learning of math and science. Each award recipient will be receiving a certificate signed by the President, along with a $10,000 award from the National Science Foundation. Each recipient will travel to Washington, D.C. for an awards ceremony at a later date. 
the past 19 years. Nine of those years have been spent at Central Academy, a public high school in Des Moines listed in the top one percent of educational programs by the College Board. He has taught in a number of Iowa school districts, as well as at the Des Moines Area Community College. Brian received his B.A. in Mathematics from Central College in Pella, Iowa, and furthered his mathematics 
education with a Master’s of School Mathematics from Iowa State University. 
Iowans like Brian Reece who display dedication and pride in developing Iowa’s next generation. I know all of my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating Brian for receiving this prestigious award and wishing him nothing but success in the future. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, as I rise today, it is 
my pleasure to announce the birth of Charlotte Beth Stone on June 3, 2015 at Virginia Hospital Center in Arlington, VA. 
my Special Projects Director, and Alexis Rice. Friends since High School in West Palm Beach, Florida, Alexis and Kevan married years later in Washington, D.C. at the historic Willard Hotel in May of 2014. 
On this happy occasion, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our warmest congratulations and wishes to the Stone and Rice families for continued health and happiness. 
I was unable to vote on Friday, July 10 as I was attending the memorial services of a dear friend in my congressional district. 
Had I been present, I would have cast my 
vote in support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, even though I am disappointed that the Republican Majority included last minute and unnecessary policy riders. I am cosponsor of the underlying bill which would encourage biomedical innovation and the development of new treatments and cures (Roll Call #433). 
I would have also cast my vote in support 
of the amendment introduced by Representatives BARBARA LEE, JANSCHAKOWSKY , and 
Cures Act. This amendment would remove harmful policy riders that aim to undermine women’s access to reproductive health services from this otherwise noncontroversial, bipartisan effort. As a longtime supporter of a woman’s right to access comprehensive reproductive healthcare, I oppose the inclusion of these unnecessary policy riders in this important bill (Roll Call #432). 
I would have cast my vote in opposition to 
the Brat/McClintock/Garrett/Stutzman/Perry Amendment to H.R. 6, which would have turned the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund into a discretionary spending program, leading to immense uncertainty which would undercut the Fund’s effectiveness and NIH’s ability to maximize its work (Roll Call #431). 
to congratulate Mary Agee of Fairfax, Virginia on her retirement after 43 years at Northern 
in 1924, NVFS has addressed the growing needs of communities throughout our region. NVFS works to improve the lives of its clients through a variety of programs in five mission initiatives: housing, child and family enrichment, health access, emergency assistance, and workforce development. 
Ms. Agee began her career with the organization as a Family Counselor in 1972 and since 1988 has served as Executive Director and then Chief Executive Officer. Four decades of service to our community cannot be fairly summarized in one statement, but just a few examples illustrate the tremendous impact Ms. Agee’s efforts have had on the lives of Northern Virginia families. 
1978, NVFS had 11 staff, five of whom were fulltime, and a budget of $187,000. Today, the nonprofit organization has 350 employees, approximately 3,600 volunteers, an operating budget of $32 million and offices in Arlington, Fairfax, Prince William and Loudoun counties, as well as the cities of Alexandria, Manassas and Manassas Park. NVFS is now the largest private, nonprofit human service organization in Northern Virginia. Each year, nearly 34,000 individuals and families turn to NVFS to find housing and emergency services, early childhood programs, health & mental health services, workforce development programs, legal assistance, antihunger programs, and intervention and prevention programs. 
Additionally, NVFS has played a role in stabilizing families affected by national crises. After the tragedy of 9/11, NVFS lead the Survivors’ Fund Project, providing direct assistance and longterm case management services to local victims, their families, and first responders. Ms. Agee considers this her proudest moment. In partnership with the Red Cross, NVFS led the Katrina Project for evacuees from New Orleans who relocated to our region. The success of this firstever collaboration led the Red Cross to establish similar contracts across the nation. 
Through Ms. Agee, NVFS has earned a reputation as a leader in the community by supporting community partnerships, taking a leadership role in multiagency service delivery for clients, and working collaboratively with other human services agencies on advocacy issues. On an individual level, Ms. Agee has served as an inspiration and mentor to many in the human services community. She carefully works with colleagues to develop their strengths and to nurture relationships that benefit the community and people in need, rather than any particular organization. I had the great pleasure of collaborating with Ms. Agee during my 14 years on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. Her leadership was invaluable when the County launched homeless prevention and affordable housing initiatives during my tenure as Chairman, and she, along with the entire team at NVFS, was an invaluable partner for the County’s many human service programs to assist our neighbors most in need. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking Mary Agee for a lifetime of service to our community and in congratulating her on her retirement. When I was Chairman of the County Board, we often joked when retirement announcements like this were made that we should pass an ordinance not allowing such 
talented and dedicated people to leave public or community service, and I certainly wish that was the case here. I wish Mary and her family all the best in this next chapter of her life. 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
level, I have family members who have suffered with Parkinson’s—I witness this debilitating disease through them. It is hard to see. Few things in America are truly ubiquitous— diseases, sadly, are one of those things. 
disease patients face, physicians, researchers, clinicians, and medical device companies (among others) deal with an outdated and overly burdensome regulatory structure. These regulations stifle the development of new cures and treatments, whether they are drugs, biologics, or devices. 
Given the reality, we have to ask: how can 
we get cures and treatments to the people who desperately need them? 
Initiative was created to answer. The 21st Century Cures Initiative is a bipartisan undertaking by members of the Energy and Commerce Committee to help our healthcare innovation infrastructure thrive and deliver more hope for all patients. This is a tremendous undertaking, and is much easier said than done. 
It is about finding new ways to drive innovation. In addition to adequate funding and resources, we need to think critically about structural changes to streamline and modernize our health care system. We need to rethink what we have been doing and how we are doing it for the 21st Century. 
giving us: an opportunity to address some of the structural barriers to new cures and promote new ways to incentivize developments. The 21st Century Cures Initiative has examined and seeks to accelerate the complete cycle of cures—from discovery to development to delivery and back again to discovery. This has resulted in the 21st Century Cures Act— a culmination of over a year’s worth of engaging with patients, researchers, physicians, government, and private entities. 
roundtables in Washington D.C. As legislators, we worked tirelessly to engage all stakeholders from across the spectrum. The only way we can answer the question—how do we get better cures and treatments?—is to work with everyone involved in the American health care system. 
I am proud that I was able to have several 
provisions that were included in the final version of the Cures Act. These provisions will help to change the lives of patients in small to larger ways. I want to take a moment and highlight some of the provisions and some of the people that helped shape the policy. 
Rare diseases are not a rare problem. Nearly 30 million Americans—1 in every 10 people—are living with a rare disease. 
Orphan Product Extensions Now Act. It was included as a provision of the 21st Century Cures Act. 
millions of people by incentivizing the testing of mainstream drugs—or repurposing them— to treat rare diseases and pediatric cancers, and it was included as a major provision in the 21st Century Cures Act. 
The OPEN Act would unlock a new world of 
potential treatments—it would put FDAapproved, safe, and effective treatments ‘‘on label.’’ 
Through the 21st Century Cures Act, Congress has a chance to come together to make a real difference in the lives of the 160 million Americans who suffer from a rare or chronic condition, as well as the family members and friends of all those afflicted. 
The OPEN Act is one provision in the 21st 
Century Cures Act, but it is one I am proud to have authored, and one I believe will make a substantial difference in the lives of a lot of people. 
I want to take this opportunity to thank all 
the people who helped make the OPEN Act a reality, and who fought for this legislation to be in the 21st Century Cures Act. 
Harry Sporidis, Tim Perrin, everyone at the EveryLife Foundation for Rare Diseases, and the other 155 rare disease groups that supported the OPEN Act: 
National MPS Society, With Purpose, National PKU Alliance, Taylor’s Tale, RASopathies Network USA, Kids v Cancer, Let Them Be Little X2 Inc., Info and Resources for Idiopathic Pulmonary Hemosiderosis (IPHNET), Noah’s Hope, Mary Payton’s Miracle Foundation, Hope4Bridget Foundation, Batten Disease Support & Research Association, Cure Sanfilippo Foundation, Beyond Batten Disease Foundation, Drew’s Hope Scientific Research Foundation, International Pemphigus and Pemphigoid Foundation (IPPF), Cure AHC, Autoinflammatory Alliance, MLD Foundation, Fabry Support & Information Group, Children’s PKU Network, FMD Chat; 
National TaySachs & Allied Diseases Association (NTSAD), Little Miss Hannah Foundation, Rare Disease United Foundation, Global Genes Project, Fibromuscular Dysplasia Society of America (FMDSA), Lymphatic Malformation Institute, Mastocytosis Society, EB Research Partnership, BRBN Alliance, Jonah’s Just Begun, Abigail Alliance for Better Access to Developmental Drugs, Hannah’s Hope Fund, GNE Myopathy International, The Ryan Foundation, Organic Acidemia Association, Cardio FacioCutaneous International, NGLY1.org, Gwendolyn Strong Foundation, POMC Island One boy an Ocean of friends, Gene Giraffe Project, International FOP Association, Aware of Angels; 
Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation (DTRF), The Association for Glycogen Storage Disease, Gene Spotlight Inc., Amyloidosis Foundation, Heriditary Neuropathy Foundation, Relapsing Polychondritis, KlippelFeil Syndrome Freedom, CureDuchenne, PraderWilli Syndrome Association, Bert’s Big Adventure, Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy, Sarcoma Foundation of America, The Nicholas Conor Institute, Luck2Tuck Foundation, Team Sanfilippo Foundation, The Rally Foundation for Childhood Cancer Research, CARES 
Foundation, Inc., Help Extinguish Hunter Syndrome, Sephardic Health Organization for Referral & Education, Hunter Syndrome Research Coalition; 
Case & Friends, PhelanMcDermid Syndrome Foundation, The Children’s Medical Research Foundation, Inc., Cure SMA, Narcolepsy Network, Celiac Support Association, Caleb’s Crusade Against Childhood Cancer, International Waldenstrom’s Macroglobulinemia Foundation (IWMF), PKD Foundation, EDSers United Foundation, Choroideremia Research Foundation, Inc., Genetic Alliance, The Life Raft Group, The Will Luthcke Foundation, Angioma Alliance, Smashing Walnuts Foundation, Castleman Disease Collaborative Network/ Castleman’s Awareness & Research Effort, The GIST Cancer Awareness Foundation, The Truth 365, The Arms Wide Open Childhood Cancer Foundation, Sophia’s Fund; 
Inc., Noah’s Light Foundation, Pediatric Cancer Foundation, West Virginia Kids Cancer Crusaders, Inc., Bear Necessities Cancer Foundation, A Kids’ Brain Tumor Cure, RARE Science, Inc., ISMRD (the International Advocate for Glycoprotein Storage Diseases), HermanskyPudlak Syndrome Network Inc., Run4Rare, A–T Children’s Project, The Global Foundation for Peroxisomal Disorders, The Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease Research Foundation (APBDRF), Alexa Nawrocki Pediatric Cancer Foundation, BeckwithWiedemann Children’s Foundation International, The Brooke Healey Foundation, Talia’s Legacy Children’s Cancer Foundation, The Rare Childhood Cancer Advocacy Group, Alex’s Army Childhood Cancer Foundation, The Catherine Elizabeth Blair Memorial Foundation, Stillbrave Childhood Cancer Foundation; 
Sabrina, Sofia’s Hope, Inc., ALL4Trey, Delainee’s Battle, Joey’s Wings Foundation, The Bozeman 3, Team Ashley Bragg, Cole vs Cancer, Dominick One in a Million, Samuel Szabo Foundation, Wilms Tumor Survivor Group, Aiden’s Army, Sofia’s Hope, Inc., Mikey’s Way Foundation, Team Serena, Supporting Our Cancer Kids, The Champ’s Corner, Habitat for Hope, Ali’s Angels Foundation, Gold Rush Cure Foundation; 
Research Foundation, Carson Leslie Foundation, Amyloidosis Research Consortium, Pulmonary Fibrosis Advocates, The Coalition for Pulmonary Fibrosis, Mytonic Dystrophy Foundation, LMSarcoma Direct Research Foundation, BioPontis Alliance for Rare Diseases, Foundation for Ichthyosis & Related Skin Types, Inc., 5pSociety, The Santonio 
Holmes III & Long Foundation, National Fragile X Foundation, National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD), OsteoPETrosis Society, Curing Retinal Blindness Foundation, The MAGIC Foundation, Cure HHT, DEFY Foundation, Chase After a Cure, DC Outreach Inc., Children’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation, and the Bridget the Gap— SYNGAP Education and Research Foundation. 
These groups’ grassroots efforts were instrumental in the effort to get the OPEN Act in the 21st Century Cures Act. 
I would like to thank all the participants of 
the two 21st Century Roundtables I held in my District in August of 2014. Your input was vital in the early stages of drafting the 21st Century Cures Act, and I will be forever appreciative: 
Dr. Wayne Taylor, on behalf of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society; 
Mrs. Colleen Labbadia, on behalf of the Parent Project for Muscular Dystrophy (PPMD); Ms. Patricia Stanco, MHS, on behalf of the 
Ms. Janice Starling, on behalf of the American Association of Kidney Patients; 
Dr. Richard Finkel, Chief Neurologist at Nemour’s Children’s Hospital; 
Medical, Inc., and Chairman, Florida Medical Manufacturers Consortium (FMMC); 
from PPMD and USAgainst Alzheimer’s, Miriam O’Day from the Alpha–1 Foundation, John DeMuro from Moffitt, Monica Richter from USF, Jennifer Sheridan from PAN, Gary Dessatti, John Ray from FMMC, and Erin O’Malley and Virginia Biggar from USAgainstAlzheimer’s. 
Laura Milford, and Max Schill. They are all rare disease patients and advocates who I have had the pleasure of meeting. Their in person advocacy and their dedication to improve the lives of everyone with a rare disease is admirable. I am truly grateful to their contribution and support of this legislation. 
and Jonny Lee Miller. Noah is a young man who ran across the country—over 3,000 miles—three times to raise awareness for rare diseases. This is a feat achieved by very few, and is a tremendous physical feat demonstrating his dedication to this cause. Jonny Lee Miller is an actor and advocate who runs ultramarathons to raise money and awareness for rare diseases. 
To everyone else who was involved, supported the OPEN Act, tweeted about it, posted about it on Facebook, or advocated on behalf of the 30 million Americans with rare diseases, I sincerely thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
Additionally, the 21st Century Cures Act includes another one of my bills, H.R. 2298, the Patient Safety and Prescription Drug Abuse Prevention Act. I began work on this bill three years ago, after a prescription drug abuse hearing. The problem was apparent, and a fix was desperately needed. 
This provision will create a drug management program within Medicare to use the same tools used in Medicaid, TRICARE, and private insurance to deal with the growth in prescription drug abuse. 
Administration (SAMHSA) estimates that there are 15.3 million Americans over the age of 12 that ‘‘used prescription drugs nonmedically in the last year.’’ USA Today reported that in 2012, the average number of seniors misusing 
the past year grew to an estimated 336,000, up from 132,000 a decade earlier, based on data from SAMHSA. Addiction does not recognize age, race, ethnicity, or income. Anyone could be susceptible including seniors. 
Services’ Office of the Inspector General has recommended that Medicare have this type of a program. In a hearing, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ Principal Deputy Administrator stated that they supported this policy, but needed a statutory change in the law to create such a program. 
A change to the Medicare program is a herculean task. I want to thank some of the people that supported this provision and helped get this legislation over the finish line. Lindsay Berman from the Pew Charitable Trusts, Jerry Steffl, Jonathan Heafitz, Gary Kline, Sergio Santiviago, Richard Hoar, Heather Cutler, Nelson Bunn from the Major County Sheriffs Association, and Chuck DeWitt from the Major Cities Chiefs Association. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House chamber today because I was at the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals hearing in New Orleans, LA, on President Barack Obama’s immigration executive actions. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 
432 and in favor of the Lee/Schakowsky/ Clarke Amendment which would have struck from the underlying bill controversial policy riders that will undermine a woman’s right to choose. This amendment would have protected women’s health care choices and was especially vital to lowincome and minority women’s health. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 
433 in support of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
FOR EXCELLENCE IN SALES & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT WINNER MARK WEBER 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the recipients of the Lifetime Achievement presented by the Institute for Excellence in Sales & Business Development (IES&BD). The Institute was created to foster excellence in business sales and development practices and to help organizations maximize their efforts. This annual award recognizes individuals, teams, and organizations throughout the United States who demonstrate exemplary performance through leadership, risk taking, innovation, vision, and customer development. The 2015 IES&BD Lifetime Achievement 
Award honoree is Mark Weber of NetApp, a data management and cloud storage provider based in Vienna, Virginia. With over 30 years of experience in technology sales and engineering, Mr. Weber is a proven leader in Information Technology with particular expertise in serving the public sector. 
Mr. Weber began his career as a federal account manager for HewlettPackard and later joined Sun Microsystems where he managed a diverse portfolio and served in a variety of positions including regional executive director for federal, state, and local government sales. 
Americas, Mr. Weber leads sales, channels, engineering, professional services, business development, finance, operations, and marketing across North America, South America, and U.S. Public Sector. Prior to his current role, Mr. Weber served as the President and General Manager of NetApp U.S. Public Sector for ten years. He was responsible for managing and developing government business at the federal, state, and local levels in addition to higher education and teaching hospitals. 
Under his leadership, NetApp’s Vienna office was ranked in the top 10 for the best places to work in D.C. for the sixth time by the Washington Business Journal as well as repeatedly listed in the Washingtonian’s Best 50 Places to Work issue. 
him the respect and admiration of his peers. In 2014 he was recognized by the Wash100 Exec Ranks as an Innovative GovCon Technologist & Business Leader. He was also awarded the FedScoop50 Industry Leadership award in 2012 and 2013 and the Federal Computer Week’s Federal 100 Award in 2011. Within NetApp, he has received the Club Award for nine straight years and is frequently recognized as Sales Leader of the Year within the larger organization. 
the Department of Business & Economics at Catholic University in Washington, D.C., and is a board member of the Virginia Tech Science and Engineering Regional Growth Enterprise (VTSERGE). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mark Weber for his many contributions to the federal IT procurement field and on congratulating him on receiving the 2015 Institute for Excellence in Sales & Business Development Lifetime Achievement Award. 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
I stand in strong support of the 21st Century Cures Act. This bipartisan bill gives our nation’s best and brightest the tools they need to understand—and eventually defeat disease— and reauthorizes both the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). 
The 21st Century Cures Act has the potential to accelerate the discovery of drugs for lifethreatening illnesses; repurpose drugs found ineffective for one condition and test them on another; promote an interoperable health system; enhance telehealth practices; and advance the development of more targeted, personalized treatments. 
Alabama, is home to the University of Alabama at Birmingham, the Southern Research Institute, and the University of Alabama. NIH funding is critical to the continuing vitality of these three leading institutions, as well as to the region. 
hope. Hope that cures can be discovered, hope that one day no diagnoses indicate inevitable ailment or death, and hope that one day treatments will yield more reward than risk. 
two amendments that threaten that hope and essentially aim to inhibit the health of several Americans. First, the Hyde Amendment has reared its ugly head yet again. It is a harmful and discriminatory bill that prevents women from making their own healthcare decisions. Further, it serves as a stark contradiction to efforts geared toward providing health positive resources for all. 
Second, the Brat amendment aims to convert the federal funding of the NIH and the FDA from mandatory to discretionary. Such a transaction would stifle the progress both federal agencies have already made and will continue to make. It will singlehandedly reverse the trajectory of medical progress and halt further research efforts. 
an FDAapproved treatment, it would be a gross understatement to say our medical systems have failed to keep pace. Viruses and diseases will not wait for us to catch up; they will mutate, grow ever more virulent, and continue to impact our public health. We need to leverage our investments to make potentially gamechanging strides in treatment. We need 21st century solutions for 21st century threats. 
our physical wellbeing, and the 21st Century Cares Act reflects this. H.R. 6 is not only a health bill; it is a jobs bill. Our country has been the leader in both the medical device and biopharmaceutical industry for decades, helping us become the core of global medical innovation. This puts a target on our backs, as China and other countries have attempted to attempt to claim this role and thus, our jobs. U.S. medical devicerelated employment totals over 2 million jobs, and the U.S. biopharmaceutical industry is responsible for over 4 million U.S. jobs. NIH funding currently supports over 400,000 jobs at research institutions across the country, including jobs for young and upcoming scientists. Without this funding, our jobs are out there for the taking. Without this funding, the thousands of jobs in my district provided by the University of Alabama at Birmingham, the Southern Research Institute, and the University of Alabama are not safe. The policies in this legislation will help us fight off foreign competitors and allow us to continue innovating, so we can all protect medical jobs in our districts and add more. 
I urge my colleagues not to deprive the American people of the cures they deserve. Vote against these poison pill amendments because when it comes to the health of our constituents, there is no place or time for partisan politics. I urge my colleagues to oppose the Brat and Hyde amendments, and I urge them support H.R. 6. 
to honor a very special company in the 8th Congressional District, None Such Farm, which recently was recognized as a Finalist for the Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award. 
The Freedom Award is the highest recognition given by the U.S. Government to employers for their support of their workers who serve our country in the Guard and Reserve. Nomination requests come from a Guard or Reserve member who is employed by the organization they are nominating, or from a family member. The award was created to publicly recognize employers that provide exceptional support to their Guard and Reserve employees, and the Department of Defense deems it the highest of all employer recognition awards. 
selected as a Finalist for this prestigious award. None Such Farm is the only company representing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and all of us in Bucks County are proud. 
the 3rd generation of the Yerkes Family in beautiful Buckingham, Pennsylvania. For over fifty years the Yerkes farm supplied sweet corn for the wholesale market in Philadelphia. In the late 1970’s, as the wholesale market began to change, Bill and John Yerkes decided to build a Farm Market. Since 1978, the market has doubled in size, adding a Meat Shop to sell their own farm raised beef, along with a kitchen for high quality ‘‘ready to go’’ food. None Such Farm is a staple of Bucks County, with some of the best sweet corn around, along with delicious fruits, vegetables, and beautiful flowers. 
through Leslie, Jon and Scott Yerkes, who made the decision to preserve the 217 acre farm. As a County Commissioner and as a United States Congressman, I have seen the tremendous strides that None Such Farm has made and the dedication it has given to its 
I am pleased to see the Department of Defense recognize None Such Farm for their good treatment and support of our nation’s military families. Thank you to the Yerkes family for taking care of those who serve our country. I am proud of your commitment to our military, and wish you many years of success in the future. RECOGNIZING THE 2014 HONOREES 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens’ Associations (the ‘‘Federation’’) and the honorees of its 65th Annual Awards Banquet. The Federation is a coalition of civic and homeowners associations. Each year, the Federation honors a few select individuals for their extraordinary contributions to our community. As a former twoterm President of the Federation, I understand that those who volunteer their time, energies, and talents to civic activities play a vital role in making Fairfax County one of the best places in the nation in which to live, work, and raise a family. I am honored to recognize the following individuals for their service to our community: 
A lifelong resident of Fairfax County, Michael O’Reilly is a true ‘‘model citizen’’ who never fails to heed the call to public service. Mr. O’Reilly served as Mayor of the Town of Herndon from 2004–2006. In 2009 he helped create the Governing Board of the FairfaxFalls Church Partnership to Prevent and End Homelessness and has chaired the Board since its inception. He also currently serves as President of the Herndon Council for the Arts and as Cochair of the Herndon Committee of the Dulles Regional Chamber. 
For the past 43 years, Mary Agee has made an enormous difference in the lives of Northern Virginians, particularly the low income and struggling. Joining Northern Virginia Family Service (NVFS) in 1972, Ms. Agee became the organization’s leader 27 years ago. Under her leadership, NVFS has grown into a regional resource that employs 350 people, has approximately 3,400 volunteers, and provides assistance to more than 34,000 Northern Virginia residents every year. Although Ms. Agee is retiring from her position as President and Chief Executive of NVFS, her contributions and impact have left a permanent imprint on our community that will continue to help future generations of Fairfax residents. 
Hartke is best known as President of Rescue Reston, a grassroots organization formed to protect open space. Under her leadership, Rescue Reston secured more than 4,200 signatures in opposition to the construction of homes on the Reston National Golf Course and led citizen engagement efforts with the Board of Supervisors and Board of Zoning Appeals. Ms. Hartke is also a valued supporter of the Walker Nature Center, participating in numerous education programs including hikes, presentations, and environmental film nights. 
commutes by bicycle to most of the many meetings he attends as Chairman of Fairfax Advocates for Better Bicycling (FABB). Since 2005, Mr. Wright and FABB members have worked with Fairfax County and the Virginia Department of Transportation to ensure that bicycling is an integral part of the county’s transportation network. Under his leadership, FABB advocated for the county’s first Bicycle 
Master Plan. He has served on the Hunter Mill District Land Use Committee, the Reston Planning and Zoning Committee, the Tysons Land Use Task Force, the Fairfax County Trails & Sidewalks Committee, and on the Washington Area Bicyclist Association. 
Special Gratitude Honoree: Supervisor Michael Frey. Supervisor Frey has represented the Sully District on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors since the Sully District was created in 1991, and I was proud to serve with him during my 14 years on the Board. Prior to that, he worked for former Board Chairman Jack Herrity and former Springfield District Supervisor Elaine McConnell. Since the beginning of his tenure, Mr. Frey oversaw enormous growth and change in the Centreville/ 
Chantilly area. His expertise in land use and development issues helped guide the area through this transitional period. His notable accomplishments include the creation of the Centreville Historic District, the acquisition of over 2,000 acres of parkland, and the establishment of a day labor center in Centreville. Mr. Frey has worked tirelessly for transportation improvements in western Fairfax to improve mobility and reduce congestion. A strong proponent of youth activities and opportunities for young children, Mr. Frey has been a leading advocate of youth sports. In addition, Mr. Frey was a strong supporter of the bid by Fairfax County to host the 2015 World Police and Fire Games and currently serves on the Board of Directors for the organization. Mr. Frey is retiring later this year from the Board of Supervisors, and I wish him well in his retirement and thank him for his 24 years of service to the County and the residents of the Sully District. 
Special Gratitude Honoree: Supervisor Gerald ‘‘Gerry’’ Hyland. Supervisor Gerry Hyland has represented the Mount Vernon District on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors since 1988, and I was proud to serve with him during my 14 years on the Board. As one of the longestserving supervisors, Mr. Hyland has helped shape the tremendous growth and development of southern Fairfax County. He has been a force for renewal within the Mount Vernon District, working tirelessly on such major projects as the revitalization of the Route 1 corridor, the massive expansion of Fort Belvoir required under BRAC, and the transformation of Lorton from an industrial area once known for a prison and landfill into a thriving community known for its parkland, premier golf course, and the Workhouse Art Center. A tireless advocate for his constituents, he has helped manage the explosive growth of Mount Vernon to ensure that the quality of life enjoyed by the residents would not be diminished, but would rather be enhanced by this reinvention of the community. Mr. Hyland is retiring later this year from the Board of Supervisors, and I wish him well in his retirement and thank him for his 27 years of service to the County and the residents of the Mount Vernon District. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking these incredible individuals and in congratulating them on being honored by the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens’ Associations. Civic engagement is the root of a community, and Fairfax County residents enjoy an exceptional quality of life due in part to the efforts of these individuals. The contributions and leadership of these honorees 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I voted against H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. There are provisions in this bill that I support, such as preventing the practice of ‘‘fire borrowing,’’ in which the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior pull funding from accounts meant for prevention of fire and use it to suppress fires. There are also provisions related to the Secure Rural Schools program that many of my colleagues in the Oregon delegation worked hard to include, and I appreciate their efforts. 
far in rolling back important environmental protections, beyond what is necessary to have a balanced approach. I am hopeful as this legislation works its way through the process that it is toned down and focused. 
ACT (REDUCING THE EFFECTS OF THE CYBERATTACK ON OPM VICTIMS EMERGENCY RESPONSE ACT OF 2015) 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce the Reducing the Effects of the Cyberattack on OPM Victims Emergency Response Act of 2015 (the RECOVER Act), a bill to require the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) to provide complimentary and comprehensive identity protection coverage to all individuals whose personally identifiable information was compromised during recent OPM data breaches. Senator BENCARDIN (D– 
MD) has introduced the companion bill in the Senate. Yesterday, OPM reported that more than 21.5 million current and former federal employees have had their personal information compromised in a second OPM data breach, five times more than the 4.2 million already reported, for a grand total of 25.7 million federal employees and retirees. OPM said that the 21.5 million individuals whose background check records were compromised would receive only three years of credit monitoring and identity theft protection services and $1 million in loss coverage, while the other 4.2 million individuals whose personnel records were compromised would receive 18 months of credit monitoring and $1 million in loss coverage. In light of the scope of OPM’s data breach and the limited protection that is proposed, I, along with my House colleagues CHRIS VANHOLLEN , 
DONBEYER , D ONNA EDWARDS , C.A. D UTCH  
CONNOLLY , and J OHN DELANEY introduce a bill 
that would provide free lifetime identity theft protection coverage that includes identity theft insurance for losses up to $5 million. This protection is particularly necessary since the breach was discovered a year after hackers had already infiltrated OPM’s system. 
OPM’s proposed protection would not protect current and former federal workers if hackers simply waited for a period of years before exploiting the stolen identities. However, our bill would give current and former federal employees some peace of mind. 
the angst of our dedicated public servants resulting from this entire ordeal. OPM failed to protect our current and former federal employees. It follows that the government must do the right thing to make up for its mistake. 
AND LADIES FAIRFAX, THE RECIPIENT OF THE JAMES M. SCOTT COMMUNITY SPIRIT AWARD, AND THE CELEBRATE FAIRFAX! VOLUNTEERS OF THE YEAR 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a dedicated group of men and women in Northern Virginia. Every year, each member of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors selects two people from his or her district who have demonstrated outstanding volunteer service, heroism, or other exceptional commitments and contributions to our community. Since the program’s inception in 1984, approximately 600 individuals have earned the honor of being named a Lord or Lady Fairfax by his or her representative on the Board of Supervisors. The Board also traditionally recognizes these individuals during a reception held in conjunction with the annual Celebrate Fairfax! Festival in June. 
This year, the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors will recognize those individuals who have made tremendous impacts through their support of our public schools, parks, youth sports leagues, arts community, public safety, and human service programs. It is nearly impossible to fully describe the diversity of accomplishments by the honorees. Their efforts contribute greatly to the quality of life for the residents of Fairfax County and should be commended. 
It is my honor to submit the names of the 
the James M. Scott Community Spirit Award and the Celebrate Fairfax! Festival Volunteer of the Year Awards: 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in expressing our gratitude to these men and women who volunteer their time and energy on behalf of our community. Their efforts provide immeasurable benefits to their fellow residents and serves to strengthen and enrich the Fairfax County community. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 13, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 public bills, H.R. 3018–3019, 3021–3032; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 60; and H. Res. 358–360, were introduced.
H.R. 3020, making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–195); and 
H.R. 1155, to provide for the establishment of a 
process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–196, Part 1). 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H5033, S5082 
21st Century Cures Act: The House passed H.R. 6, 
to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, by a recorded vote of 344 ayes to 77 noes, Roll No. 433. Consideration began yesterday, July 9th.
Pursuant to the rule, an amendment in the nature 
of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–22 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five 
Rept. 114–193) that creates authority within NIH to conduct a prize program; the intent of the program would be to incentivize health innovation by offering competitors the chance to win a prize for creating breakthrough research and technology; 
Rept. 114–193) that ensures underrepresented individuals, such as women and minorities, are included in the Supporting Young Emerging Scientists Report;
114–193) that directs the CDC to conduct a study to determine how the additional payments are affecting the development of drug resistance; 
Rept. 114–193) that expresses a sense of Congress that recording Unique Device Identifiers at the pointofcare in electronic health record systems could significantly enhance the availability of medical device data for postmarket surveillance purposes; and
Rept. 114–193) that directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct outreach to Historically Black Colleges and Universities; Hispanic Serving Institutions; Native American Colleges; and rural Colleges to ensure that health professionals 
from underrepresented populations are aware of research opportunities under this Act.        Pages H5078–80 
114–193) that sought to reform the NIH and Cures Innovation Fund to make it a discretionary spending program (by a recorded vote of 141 ayes to 281 noes, Roll No. 431); and
114–193) that sought to strike the provision that apply any policy riders included in the annual LHHS Appropriations Bill to NIH funds in H.R. 6; also strike the provision that apply any policy riders applied to the FDA in the annual Agriculture Appropriations bill to FDA funding in H.R. 6 (by a recorded vote of 176 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 432). 
114–193) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have directed the Food and Drug Administration to issue a report on the risks and benefits associated with a twotiered approval process that would permit certain medical devices to provisionally come to market if they have demonstrated safety but not efficacy.
of the bill (H.R. 6) was agreed to yesterday, July 9th. 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, July 13th for Morning Hour debate.
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016: The Chair appointed the following additional conferees on H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year: 
From the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for consideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Representatives Nunes, King (NY), and Schiff. 
From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of secs. 571 and 573 of the House bill and secs. 561–63 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Rokita, Bishop (MI), and Scott (VA). 
for consideration of secs. 314, 632, 634, 3111–13, 3119, 3133, and 3141 of the House bill and secs. 601, 632, 3118, and 3119 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Upton, Barton, and Pallone. 
From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 1011, 1059, 1090, 1092, 1201, 1203–05, 1215, 1221, 1223, 1226, 1234–36, 1247–49, 1253, 1257, 1263, 1264, 1267, 1270, 1301, 1532, 1541, 1542, 1663, 1668–70, 2802, 3118, and 3119 of the House bill and secs. 1011, 1012, 1082, 1201–05, 1207, 1209, 1223, 1225, 1228, 1251, 1252, 1261, 1264, 1265, 1272, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, 1631, 1654, and 1655 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Royce, Marino, and Engel. 
consideration of secs. 589 and 1041 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives McCaul, Miller (MI), and Thompson (MS). 
From the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of secs. 1040, 1052, 1085, 1216, 1641, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 1032, 1034, 1090, and 1227 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Goodlatte, Issa, and Conyers. 
consideration of secs. 312, 632, 634, 2841, 2842, 2851–53, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 313, 601, and 632 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Cook, Hardy, and Grijalva. 
From the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of secs. 602, 631, 634, 838, 854, 855, 866, 871, 1069, and 1101–05 of the House bill and secs. 592, 593, 631, 806, 830, 861, 1090, 1101, 1102, 1104, 1105, 1107–09, 1111, 1112, 1114, and 1115 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Hurd (TX), Russell, and Cummings. 
From the Committee on Small Business, for consideration of secs. 831–34, 839, 840, 842–46, 854, and 871 of the House bill and secs. 828, 831, 882, 883, and 885 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Chabot, Hanna, and Vela ´zquez. 
From the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of secs. 302, 562, 569, 
570a, 591, 1060a, 1073, 2811, and 3501 of the 
House bill and secs. 601, 642, 1613, 3504, and 3505 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Graves (LA), Curbelo (FL), and Edwards. 
From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of secs. 565, 566, 592, 652, 701, 721, 722, 1105, and 1431 of the House bill and secs. 539, 605, 633, 719, 1083, 1084, 1089, 1091, and 1411 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Roe (TN), Bilirakis, and Brown (FL).
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5080–81, H5081, and H5082. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 12:14 p.m. 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 985, Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Ellen Herbst, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary for Administration, Department of Commerce; Franklin Rusco, Director, Natural Resources and EnvironmentEnergy Issues, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of HUD’s 
Public and Indian Housing Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Lourdes Castro Ramirez, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Public and Indian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban Development; and Daniel GarciaDiaz, Director, Financial Markets and Community Investment, Government Accountability Office. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Subcommittee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘The International Space Station: Addressing Operational Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from Bill Gerstenmaier, Associate Administrator, Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Paul K. Martin, Inspector General, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Shelby Oakley, Acting Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD812 July 10, 2015 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will resume consideration of S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. At 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to Alexander (for Hatch/Markey) Amendment No. 2080 (to Amendment No. 2089), and Murray (for Kaine) Amendment No. 2118 (to Amendment No. 2089). Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1034 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1040 Boustany, Charles W., Jr., La., E1031 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1034 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1031, E1032, E1032, E1033, 
DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1036 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1039 Gutie ´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1038 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1031 Mica, John L., Fla., E1036 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
Pompeo, Mike, Kans., E1034 Price, David E., N.C., E1033 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1033, E1038 Takano, Mark, Calif., E1035 Upton, Fred, Mich., E1032 Young, David, Iowa, E1034, E1035 