Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without 
amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. C ON. RES. 54. Concurrent resolution authorizing the reprinting of the 25th edition of the pocket version of the United States Constitution. 
Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: H.R. 615. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
today to honor the life of a great public servant to the State of Colorado, State Representative John Buckner of Aurora, Colorado, who recently passed away. 
John Buckner for the last 30 years. We first met in 1985 when we were both members of the first Leadership Aurora 
owner and John Buckner was an educator with the Cherry Creek School system. I found John Buckner to always be softspoken, warm, and passionate about his dedicated leadership in public education. 
had that same passion in representing his constituents in the Colorado General Assembly, and his loss will be felt by our entire community. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
of the House, the simple truth is these trade agreements are destroying our middle class. They are causing millions of Americans in mining and manufacturing to lose their jobs, millions of others to lose wages and benefits. It now takes two or three jobs to earn the same kind of income that one used to be able to earn from one job before these trade agreements. 
built the strongest middle class in the history of this world with living wages 
and benefits and protections for health and safety and the environment; but with the emergence of these trade agreements, we are asking Americans to compete with countries who have little or none of these benefits. To compete, Americans would have to give up on all this progress, give up on the American Dream. That is what this is all about. 
and, make no mistake about it, this is a race to the bottom. The time has come for Congress to say ‘‘no’’ to these agreements. The time has come to put an end to them. They have been negotiated in secret for the benefit of a few and kept from the public for the benefit of the few at the top of our economic ladder. 
The fact is it is destroying the American Dream—the American economy, the middle class, and, with that, the American Dream. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the National Collegiate Athletic Accountability Act introduced by my friend and Penn State fellow alumnus, Congressman CHARLIE DENT. 
for years the NCAA has failed when it comes to following their own rules. It has certainly failed when it comes to unduly exerting their perceived powers over college athletics. The bipartisan National Collegiate 
Athletics Accountability Act will ensure that the NCAA is held to the highest standard possible by providing muchneeded accountability and reforms. The NCAA Act would prohibit universities from receiving title IV funds if they participate in athletic associations that do not implement and enforce specific rules related to student athletes’ health, safety, education, and due process protections. 
NCAA fail to protect the wellbeing of our student athletes, and this bipartisan legislation is a huge step in the right direction to help fix that. 
many times will Congress pretend to be fooled by yet another jobkilling trade agreement. 
us it would create hundreds of thousands of jobs. Unfortunately, they neglected to say they would be south of the border, and they would be at the expense of American workers. 
going to level the playing field—yeah, it is at bargainbasement prices—and compete with Chinese workers at 25 cents an hour and unfair trade practices. 
a new paradigm—Korea. ‘‘This is the model for the future. It is going to be great.’’ We are already running larger trade deficits with Korea. We have already lost 50,000 jobs. 
agreement—the TransPacific Partnership. Ironically, a key vote will be over something called trade adjustment assistance. That is right; it is critical. We have to have that because hundreds of thousands or millions of Americans are going to lose their jobs, so we need to retrain them for McDonald’s or other highlevel jobs. Secondly, of course, the trade adjustment assistance is funded by cutting Medicare. 
So this is the critical vote. Ironically, this is it. They have got the votes from corporate America and the Obama administration to jam this thing through unless we kill trade adjustment assistance. We can stop it here today and save America’s economy. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, the actions of the brave men and women in the military sacrifice so much for our country. Many of these soldiers on the front lines are aided by military working dogs who perform countless, dangerous actions on the battlefield. So it is easy to understand why there is a special bond that is formed between servicemembers and their military service dogs. 
Currently, the Department of Defense is not required to bring these dogs home after they are retired, and this means veterans are often forced to spend their own money to transport them back to the United States for adoption. That is why I have introduced bipartisan legislation with my colleague, Congresswoman KYRSTEN  
ensuring that military working dogs are returned to the United States for adoption. 
over 1,200 people looking to adopt these canines, and ensuring that our troops and veterans can easily adopt these dogs honors their service and their partnership. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
my colleagues to join me in honoring the service of Charles ‘‘Bob’’ Provine, Jr., on his 95th birthday today. 
California, Bob’s family moved to the town of Antioch when he was 1 year old, initially living in a tent. After working with the U.S. Army as a civilian firefighter during his junior year in high school, he enlisted in the United States Army during the Second World War, serving with the 376th Infantry Regiment, 94th Division. During this time, Bob saw combat action in Germany and served in the occupation of Czechoslovakia and Germany, finally coming home to Antioch. 
war, Bob served his community in peace as a volunteer firefighter and, for many years, as a volunteer at the public library. Bob saw Antioch grow from 35,000 to over 100,000 people. 
honoring Bob Provine for his service to his community and to our great Nation. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to draw attention to not only the human toll incurred by Nepal’s earthquakes in April, but also atrocious exploitation occurring in the aftermath. 
that criminal groups, some masquerading as relief workers, are luring young girls and boys across borders into brothels in India into forced prostitution or into forced labor. Some traffickers have put a price on these young ones’ lives, offering $500 per child. 
It is truly sickening that these criminals are using the chaos and insecurity following an earthquake that claimed 8,000 lives to steal many more vulnerable lives. The United Nations and some NGOs estimate between 12,000 and 15,000 girls are trafficked from Nepal alone. 
Human Rights Commission, I have introduced legislation targeting the demand for sex trafficking. Those who sell and purchase these young lives must be brought to justice, and government must take action. Nepal’s most vulnerable cannot and should not be forgotten. 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to express the importance of investing in our Nation’s infrastructure. This is all about the future economy of this Nation and jobs, jobs, and jobs. 
Today, we are living off the investments that our parents and our grandparents made generations ago. Let me give you an example of what we are trying to do in California. 
example of how you invest in the future. This project in California will create 20,000 jobs annually for the next 5 years, a fact important not only to California, but my district, which is economically challenged. 
district and throughout the valley have dedicated resources to making sure that the local workforce is ready to build. Apprenticeship programs like these connect disadvantaged workers with goodpaying jobs and boost the valley’s economy. 
project, which combines Federal, State, and private sector investments, will ensure that our State transportation infrastructure is fit for the 21st century. 
to provide the longterm funding for infrastructure across the Nation. That is what we need to do: to invest in our water projects and invest in our transportation projects. That is what we need for jobs in the 21st century. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, Sunday marks the 240th birthday of the United States Army. Established on June 14, 1775, as the Continental Army, the U.S. Army faithfully protects American families. 
I am grateful to represent Fort Jackson, the largest initialentry training facility in the U.S. Army. Last month, I attended Fort Jackson’s change of command, where I was honored to recognize Major General Bradley Becker and Brigadier General Roger Cloutier for their leadership and dedicated service. 
As the son of an Army Air Corps Flying Tiger of the 14th Air Force and as the father of three sons currently serving in the South Carolina Army National Guard and myself as a veteran of the Army Reserve in the South Carolina Army National Guard, I am grateful to know firsthand of the competence and patriotism of our servicemembers. 
Twentyfive years ago today, I visited the Berlin Wall and was denied entry into East Germany at the Brandenburg Gate. Now, more countries than ever live in freedom and democracy than in the history of the world due to the success of the U.S. military. 
Ronald Reagan’s proclamation, ‘‘Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall’’ in 1987, proving peace through strength. 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
this Congress can be fasttracked or it can take the right track. We can seek strong, new trade agreements that benefit American families, or we can continue to backtrack with the failed policies of the past. 
in the Rules Committee, every attempt to make constructive improvements in this fasttrack bill have been sidetracked. 
First, we ask that the foreign corporations not be given more rights than American corporations and taxpayer funds awarded by some private tribunal. 
Second, we ask that the Administration, if it is such a good trade deal, that they be open with it. Tell us at least as much as the Vietnamese Politburo learned. 
fasttrack. Let’s vote down this bill and have an opportunity to create a 21st century trade policy that meets 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
pursuant to House Resolution 305, I call up the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE 
of Texas). The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
taxpayers electing to exclude foreign earned income from tax. 
barriers and distortions that are directly related to trade and investment and that decrease market opportunities for United States exports or otherwise distort United States trade; 
standards, enhance the competitiveness of the United States, promote full employment in the United States, and enhance the global economy; 
policies are mutually supportive and to seek to protect and preserve the environment and enhance the international means of doing so, while optimizing the use of the world’s resources; 
under which parties to those agreements ensure that they do not weaken or reduce the protections afforded in domestic environmental and labor laws as an encouragement for trade; 
small businesses equal access to international markets, equitable trade benefits, and expanded export market opportunities, and provide for the reduction or elimination of trade and investment barriers that disproportionately impact small businesses; 
compliance with ILO Convention No. 182 Concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labor; 
and facilitate the increasingly interrelated, multisectoral nature of trade and investment activity; 
the Internet as a trading platform in international commerce; 
United States domestic objectives, including, but not limited to, the protection of legitimate health or safety, essential security, and consumer interests and the law and regulations related thereto; and 
religious freedom of any party to negotiations for a trade agreement with the United States. 
access through robust rules on sanitary and phytosanitary measures that— 
standards and require a sciencebased justification be provided for a sanitary or phytosanitary measure if the measure is more restrictive than the applicable international standard; 
use of systemsbased approaches, and appropriately recognize the equivalence of health and safety protection systems of exporting countries; 
developed and implemented, are based on risk assessments that take into account relevant international guidelines and scientific data, and are not more restrictive on trade than necessary to meet the intended purpose; and 
tariffs or other charges that decrease market opportunities for United States exports— 
subject to significantly higher tariffs or subsidy regimes of major producing countries; and 
for United States import sensitive products, in close consultation with Congress on such products before initiating tariff reduction negotiations; 
as or lower than those in the United States; 
support family farms and rural communities but do not distort trade; 
programs, so that production that is in excess of domestic food security needs is sold at world prices; 
rules to eliminate practices that unfairly decrease United States market access opportunities or distort agricultural markets to the detriment of the United States, and ensuring that such rules are subject to efficient, timely, and effective dispute settlement, including— 
trading enterprises and other administrative mechanisms, with emphasis on requiring price 
transparency in the operation of state trading enterprises and such other mechanisms in order to end cross subsidization, price discrimination, and price undercutting; 
requirements, such as labeling, that affect new technologies, including biotechnology; 
(iii) unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary restrictions, including restrictions not based on scientific principles in contravention of obligations in the Uruguay Round Agreements or bilateral or regional trade agreements; 
trade in perishable or cyclical products, while improving import relief mechanisms to recognize the unique characteristics of perishable and cyclical agriculture; 
perishable and cyclical agriculture are as accessible and timely to growers in the United States as those mechanisms that are used by other countries; 
the negotiations has failed to adhere to the provisions of already existing trade agreements with the United States or has circumvented obligations under those agreements; 
subject to market distortions by reason of a failure of a major producing country to adhere to the provisions of already existing trade agreements with the United States or by the circumvention by that country of its obligations under those agreements; 
for calculating the Aggregated Measurement of Support (as defined in the Agreement on Agriculture) as the end of each country’s Uruguay Round implementation period, as reported in each country’s Uruguay Round market access schedule; 
United States law on the whole provides a high level of protection for investment, consistent with or greater than the level required by international law, the principal negotiating objectives of the United States regarding foreign investment are to reduce or eliminate artificial or trade distorting barriers to foreign investment, while ensuring that foreign investors in the 
United States are not accorded greater substantive rights with respect to investment protections than United States investors in the United States, and to secure for investors important rights comparable to those that would be available under United States legal principles and practice, by— 
equitable treatment, consistent with United States legal principles and practice, including the principle of due process; 
public input into the formulation of government positions; and 
mechanism to provide coherence to the interpretations of investment provisions in trade agreements; and 
(II) all hearings are open to the public; and (iii) establishing a mechanism for acceptance 
of amicus curiae submissions from businesses, unions, and nongovernmental organizations. 
negotiating objectives of the United States regarding traderelated intellectual property are— 
agreement governing intellectual property rights that is entered into by the United States reflect a standard of protection similar to that found in United States law; 
emerging technologies and new methods of transmitting and distributing products embodying intellectual property, including in a manner that facilitates legitimate digital trade; 
with respect to matters affecting the availability, acquisition, scope, maintenance, use, and enforcement of intellectual property rights; 
(vi) preventing or eliminating government involvement in the violation of intellectual property rights, including cyber theft and piracy; 
Agreement and Public Health, adopted by the World Trade Organization at the Fourth Ministerial Conference at Doha, Qatar on November 14, 2001, and to ensure that trade agreements foster innovation and promote access to medicines. 
CROSS BORDER DATA FLOWS .—The principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to digital trade in goods and services, as well as crossborder data flows, are— 
disciplines, and commitments under the World Trade Organization and bilateral and regional trade agreements apply to digital trade in goods and services and to crossborder data flows; 
receive no less favorable treatment under trade rules and commitments than like products delivered in physical form; and 
(ii) the classification of such goods and services ensures the most liberal trade treatment possible, fully encompassing both existing and new trade; 
implementing traderelated measures that impede digital trade in goods and services, restrict crossborder data flows, or require local storage or processing of data; 
negotiating objectives of the United States regarding the use of government regulation or other practices to reduce market access for United States goods, services, and investments are— 
based on sound science, cost benefit analysis, risk assessment, or other objective evidence; 
seek other commitments, as appropriate, to improve regulatory practices and promote increased regulatory coherence, including through— 
rules, regulations, and laws for government procurement and other regulatory regimes; 
and convergence of standards development processes, and enhance cooperation on standards issues globally; 
through harmonization, equivalence, or mutual recognition of different regulations and standards and to encourage the use of international and interoperable standards, as appropriate; 
measures such as price controls and reference pricing which deny full market access for United States products; 
(ii) protect such information against disclosure, except in exceptional circumstances to protect the public, or where such information is effectively protected against unfair competition. 
of the United States regarding competition by stateowned and statecontrolled enterprises is to seek commitments that— 
unfair competition favoring stateowned and statecontrolled enterprises to the extent of their engagement in commercial activity, and 
or prevent discrimination and marketdistorting subsidies and that promote transparency. 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to localization barriers is to eliminate and prevent measures that require United States producers and service providers to locate facilities, intellectual property, or other assets in a country as a market access or investment condition, including indigenous innovation measures. 
(iii) does not fail to effectively enforce its environmental or labor laws, through a sustained or recurring course of action or inaction, 
in a manner affecting trade or investment between the United States and that party after entry into force of a trade agreement between those countries; 
trade agreement retain the right to exercise prosecutorial discretion and to make decisions regarding the allocation of enforcement resources with respect to other environmental laws determined to have higher priorities, and a party is effectively enforcing its laws if a course 
fide exercise of such discretion, or results from a reasonable, bona fide decision regarding the allocation of resources; and 
the distribution of enforcement resources are not a reason for not complying with a party’s labor obligations; a party to a trade agreement retains the right to reasonable exercise of discretion and to make bona fide decisions regarding the allocation of resources between labor enforcement activities among core labor standards, provided the exercise of such discretion and such decisions are not inconsistent with its obligations; 
States trading partners to protect the environment through the promotion of sustainable development; 
health, or safety policies and practices of the parties to trade agreements with the United States do not arbitrarily or unjustifiably discriminate against United States exports or serve as disguised barriers to trade; 
construed to empower a party’s authorities to undertake labor or environmental law enforcement activities in the territory of the United States. 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency practices is to seek to establish accountability through enforceable rules, transparency, reporting, monitoring, cooperative mechanisms, or other means to address exchange rate manipulation involving protracted large scale intervention in one direction in the exchange markets and a persistently undervalued foreign exchange rate to gain an unfair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to a trade agreement, consistent with existing obligations of the United States as a member of the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization. 
AND MULTILATERAL TRADE AGREE MENTS .—Recognizing that the World Trade Organization is the foundation of the global trading system, the principal negotiating objectives of the United States regarding the World Trade Organization, the Uruguay Round Agreements, and other multilateral and plurilateral trade agreements are— 
the coverage of the World Trade Organization and multilateral and plurilateral agreements to products, sectors, and conditions of trade not adequately covered; 
to which the United States is not a party fully achieve the high standards of, and comply with, WTO disciplines, including Article XXIV of GATT 1994, Article V and V bis of the General Agreement on Trade in Services, and the Enabling Clause, including through meaningful WTO review of such regional trade agreements; 
with their obligations as WTO members through active participation in the bodies of the World Trade Organization by the United States and all other WTO members, including in the trade policy review mechanism and the committee system of the World Trade Organization, and by working to increase the effectiveness of such bodies; and 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to transparency is to obtain wider and broader application of the principle of transparency in the World Trade Organization, entities established under bilateral and regional trade agreements, and other international trade fora through seeking— 
playing field for United States persons in international trade and investment; and 
the United States with respect to dispute settlement and enforcement of trade agreements are— 
under the Dispute Settlement Understanding and by the Appellate Body to— 
the Uruguay Round Agreement involved in the dispute, including greater deference, where appropriate, to the fact finding and technical expertise of national investigating authorities; 
upon a party to a dispute under the agreement that— 
(ii) is appropriate to the parties, nature, subject matter, and scope of the violation; and 
parties or interests not party to the dispute while maintaining the effectiveness of the enforcement mechanism; and 
(ii) the availability of equivalent dispute settlement procedures; and 
to enforce rigorously its trade laws, including the antidumping, countervailing duty, and safeguard laws, and avoid agreements that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international disciplines on unfair trade, especially dumping and subsidies, or that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international safeguard provisions, in order to ensure that United States workers, agricultural producers, and firms can compete fully on fair terms and enjoy the benefits of reciprocal trade concessions; and 
that lead to dumping and subsidization, including overcapacity, cartelization, and market access barriers. 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in textiles and apparel articles are to obtain competitive opportunities for United States exports of textiles and apparel in foreign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in textiles and apparel. 
partners that directly or indirectly prejudice or otherwise discourage commercial activity solely between the United States and Israel. 
to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel and to seek the elimination of politically motivated nontariff barriers on Israeli goods, services, or other commerce imposed on the State of Israel. 
unsanctioned foreign boycotts against Israel or compliance with the Arab League Boycott of Israel by prospective trading partners. 
‘‘actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel’’ means actions by states, nonmember states of the United Nations, international organizations, or affiliated agencies of international organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in Israelicontrolled territories. 
principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to ensuring implementation of trade commitments and obligations by strengthening good governance, transparency, the effective operation of legal regimes and the rule of law of trading partners of the United States is through capacity building and other appropriate means, which are important parts of the broader effort to create more open democratic societies and to promote respect for internationally recognized human rights. 
States competitiveness in the global economy, the President shall— 
United States trading partners to carry out obligations under trade agreements by consulting with any country seeking a trade agreement with the United States concerning that country’s laws relating to customs and trade facilitation, sanitary and phytosanitary measures, technical barriers to trade, intellectual property rights, labor, and the environment; and 
among parties to trade agreements to strengthen the capacity of United States trading partners to develop and implement standards for the protection of the environment and human health based on sound science; 
Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate an annual report on capacitybuilding activities undertaken in connection with trade agreements negotiated or being negotiated pursuant to this title. 
as the President determines to be required or appropriate to carry out any such trade agreement. 
Congress of the President’s intention to enter into an agreement under this subsection. 
rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of the enactment of this Act) to a rate of duty which is less than 50 percent of the rate of such duty that applies on such date of enactment; 
that applied on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(ii) the imposition of any such barrier or distortion is likely to result in such a burden, restriction, or effect, 
(ii) the prohibition of, or limitation on the imposition of, such barrier or other distortion. 
entered into under this subsection and approving the statement of administrative action, if any, proposed to implement such trade agreement; and 
(ii) if changes in existing laws or new statutory authority are required to implement such trade agreement or agreements, only such provisions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement such trade agreement or agreements, either repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title, and a statement that such progress justifies the continuation of negotiations; and 
been made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(ii) a statement of its views, and the reasons 
(ii) shall be referred, in the House of Representatives, to the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules. 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consideration of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to extension disapproval resolutions. 
any extension disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules; 
(ii) the Senate to consider any extension disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Finance; or 
order to contribute to the continued economic expansion of the United States, the President shall commence negotiations covering tariff and nontariff barriers affecting any industry, product, or service sector, and expand existing sectoral agreements to countries that are not parties to those agreements, in cases where the President determines that such negotiations are feasible and timely and would benefit the United States. Such sectors include agriculture, commercial services, intellectual property rights, industrial and capital goods, government procurement, information technology products, environmental technology and services, medical equipment and services, civil aircraft, and infrastructure products. In so doing, the President shall take into account all of the negotiating objectives set forth in section 102. 
the course of negotiations conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall— 
Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any requirement of, amendment to, or recommendation under, that agreement; 
provide access to pertinent documents relating to the negotiations, including classified materials; 
and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; 
agreement relating to agricultural trade, also consult closely and on a timely basis (including immediately before initialing an agreement) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. 
Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(ii) the sharing of detailed and timely information with Members of Congress, and their staff with proper security clearances as appropriate, regarding those negotiations and pertinent documents related to those negotiations (including classified information), and with committee staff with proper security clearances as would be appropriate in the light of the responsibilities of that committee over the trade agreements programs affected by those negotiations. 
Congress, any Member of the House of Representatives may be designated as a congressional adviser on trade policy and negotiations by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, after consulting with the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be selected. 
of the Senate may be designated as a congressional adviser on trade policy and negotiations by 